to the submitter: don't expect anything having to do with the jays to do well here.
&gt;this guy is, like, the best pitcher in baseball

may i introduce you to 2008 cy young award-winner [little timmy lincecum](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_lincecum)? this is his third mlb season (second full) and he threw his 500th k yesterday.
wow, those green ones inside the square really bother me...
i do.  i absolutely recommend hd.  standard def looks kinda fuzzy and it can be harder to track the ball in some of the wider tv shots (like shots of the outfield)  hd looks great although every few weeks they do have problems with it that force you to use standard def but usually only lasts for a few hours.  its definitely worth the 5 bucks.
thank you so much! i just subscribed and i must say i'm impressed with the video quality. this will certainly help pass the rest of my recovery time. i can't say thank you enough for your input, you helped make my day!
i was going to tell you the same thing (yes for hd), but i also warn you that they are horrible with blackouts.
yeah, my brother signed up for the regular package and said the blackouts are pretty lame. i'm in the cardinals, white sox, cubs market area so hopefully not too many of my beloved redbird's away games are blacked out.

from the documentation on their site they seem to allow you to watch games in your regularly blacked out area if you are traveling outside of that area, though i might be reading that wrong. if that is true i don't see why i couldn't proxy my connection to get around the blackouts.

anyways, i appreciate your input as well, so thanks!
kinda worried about kuroda this year. good thing billingsly has been stellar.
thats awesome... gotta love both these guys.
thats hilarious and true. 
ugh. what a horrible series for phillies fans.
vote here:http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/events/all_star/y2009/ballot_reg.html

he's an nl outfielder
i love this movie!
this makes me sad :( as i'm a cubs fan. 
thanks
fuck the giants
b me please!
i know this, i was going to spell it the exact same when i originally registered. but it's not a novelty account, and i didn't really want everything i posted or commented on to be associated with the young right hander. i lurched for awhile before i actually joined and made a game time decision to go with jiminez.
they are one and done.
i still call them the california angels, since they can't seem to make up their mind about which californian city they're from.
1) rename this: "tim lincecum: filthy"

2) set this to dubstep filthy enough to match

3) ???

4) profit
i didn't realize the phrase was copyrighted. can we have beat la without the "."?
what's that? i couldn't hear you over our world series trophy.
he's hittable now, he just has the "mystique", and also his strike zone is massive.
the las vegas 51s.  aaa team for the toronto blue jays.
i'm sort of apprehensive about pedrioia's return from his foot injury. reading on sosh earlier this week, it seems as if he may still have some pain, which is definitely not good to read.
could i get it as well please?
okay so far it sounds like most people are gulf coasters. who would be down for a meetup for either the jays, phils, pirates, or yankees? just respond with team name &amp; upvote if name is already present!


oooh i did not know that. that makes more sense now that i think about it. still should be fun though. i had been wanting to play 2010 for a while but just never got around to it. definitely not gonna wait around on 2011.
hey! i'm not alone! another fan!
and another astros fan! :d
yeah, that does suck, but he's 5'8" of heart so he should be out there most of the season.
if you are going to move anyone from florida, move the marlins to a market that will actually go to their games. 
&gt; he's hittable now...

in 2010 he had his 3rd lowest batting average against since 2000 (11 seasons).

you're just trying to not be the typical cocky, overconfident yankee fan, right? because i think even the most objective observer would have to admit that mariano is one of the toughest relievers to face in the game, even at his advanced age. to try and chalk it up to merely "mystique" and an exaggerated strike zone (which all successful veterans get) is just plain wrong.
[baseball between the numbers](http://www.amazon.com/baseball-between-numbers-everything-about/dp/0465005969) is pretty great too.
maybe [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecnnfnbcpvy&amp;feature=related) is what you were going for.

edit: really? this might be from a hockey player, but it's a *far* better rendition of the exact insult cardiac_cath was trying for.
no, by that definition, which is a good one and one i use, i wouldn't quite qualify lackey as an ace, but at the same time, having him on the mound, to me at least, i feel confident my team could win. he's not roy halladay, sure, but he's no fausto carmona (god dammit. sigh...) either. him as a number 3 is like having raphael soriano as your setup guy. wait...

i have no stats for gonzalez, because they were repressed at the park he played in. but many writers, guys on mlb network, managers and whatnot over the last couple weeks have said he is one of the best 5 hitters in the league, something tex is not. there was a post a couple weeks back, i bookmarked it on my other computer, where you could overlay a players spray chart from one park, onto another park. i did it with gonzalez using petco and fenway, and though it's not 100% accurate, he would have had about 10 more homers alone.

i've seen drew do it before, i think it was last august, the guy was the only person of note on the sox, and kept them in the race by himself. you can't quantify it, no, it's a mindset of getting it done when you're needed. swisher, like tex, is a role player that happens to be very good at what he does, but he's not a centerpiece of a franchise that will lead you. drew, though he hates playing baseball, can hit that extra gear if he needs to. will red sox fans be happy when he's gone? damn right, because then they'll buy some other monster. but right now, having him in the 6 or7 hole is about as good as it gets in the majors. and swisher has now not gotten it done in the postseason two years in a row.

look, stats are very helpful, but can you agree they aren't the end all, be all of what a player is? i know it's all we have right now, but we watch baseball to see it, not to look at numbers. and there's more to a player than his stats, there's the mental thing. anti-moneyball, sure, but i won't say i'm a proponent of the super-statistical analysis. it takes life out of a spontaneous, beautiful thing.

yeah, after i typed that thing about the yanks, i did start thinking about it. good point.
anything is better than joe buck
wait, i just found out you're a yankees fan. never mind. i hate arguing with yankees fans almost as much as sox fans. stupid, rich jerks. it's not my fault my team is owned by the uncle of the owner of the knicks. we're doomed.
every year, i seriously consider buying a ps3 just for the show... then again, when i bought my 360 a few years ago, it was solely for nhl 08.
i have never seen so many words on one page that say so little.
i would appreciate showing off my heritage with a b that matches my cap.
me too, if you would, dank you veddy much.
he has earned it. should have won the gold glove last year. too bad the baseball media don't pay attention to anyone who doesn't play in the northeast or california.
yea my buddy told me about this.... i guess he was involved with this which is awesome.... good lucky to them doyers.... gonna need it
make it so...
i didn't understand that at all. how do two more teams in the nl non require more interleague play? guess i'll have to read that book.
just finished bullpen gospels, and i've started ball four.
but i'll add wbs to my list.
you have an even number of teams in both leagues so you can have every team in each league play each other instead of interleague play every day or a team from each league taking a day off.
nobody in nc gives a rats ass about baltimore or washington.  i would love a team here for selfish reasons because the orioles would not be the local team anymore and you could watch them on mlb.tv.  i went two years without watching them because of an ongoing fight between twc and masn.  finally, i was able to get dish network last august and can look forward to watching the o's in two months.
ditto
i think i've watches this video 30+ times.  the strikeouts are the best.  this video is hosted elsewhere but i can't post it now cause i'm at work.

timmy was soooo filthy that game.  well, almost every giants pitcher was the whole post season.
cool logo, but what is going on in it? is that the duck's mustache?
durham bulls, please.
except zito! heyoooooo! but seriously, forget that guy.
last *i* checked it's 2011, and we are the ones parading our trophy around the state. "we have *x* trophies" is the lamest argument a loser franchise can make.
the retro oriole bird head would be awesome for me!
lol u mad?
and presented in one of the shittiest formats i've ever seen to boot.
is this even legal? or would you have to make sure you're on the base, not behind it, when the ball is caught? that would be risky and would require pinpoint timing. i'd really like an answer to this too.
completely agreed. this was a no brainer.
people want to see the crosstown rivals play, simply enough.  i'm not that excited when the cards play the royals, but i sure as hell don't want to lose to them.

cubs/sox, yanks/mets, a's/giants are all intriguing matchups to me.  they should have a chance to play more often than a world series.
you have to stay on the base path.  so, if you're on 2nd, you'd need to head towards first.  if the physics of running is anything like the physics of driving a car, it'll take longer to change direction or run an indirect path.
mlb.tv is a pretty good deal.
just the bill wrapping around to form the d in ducks, as well as giving qj his shock of red hair. 

[full logo](http://i.imgur.com/8zvts.png)
people in pittsburgh want to like the pirates really bad.  they are just disenchanted by the current organization.  if the pirates caught lightning in a bottle and made some noise in the postseason, or even the division, interest would stir back up.  

people really didn't care about the penguins until crosby came to town.  there was probably more fandom lingering from their success in the 90s, and because their play wasn't quite as unfortunate as the buccos.
incorrect. you can run wherever you want until someone starts to try to make a play on you, then you need to stay on the path that would bring you to the next base. that's why runners can make such a wide turn on the way to second.
from [baseball rules](http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/downloads/y2010/official_rules/2010_officialbaseballrules.pdf):

**rule 7.10**

7.10 any runner shall be called out, on appeal, when—
(a) after a fly ball is caught, he fails to retouch his original base before he or his original base is tagged;

rule 7.10(a) comment: “retouch,” in this rule, means to tag up and start from a contact with the base after the ball is caught. **a runner is not permitted to take a flying start from a position in back of his
base.**
though technically, it only says you can't take a *flying* start.  it doesn't say anything about a running start.  since that's the only time the term "flying start" occurs in the rulebook (it is not defined anywhere), i think it's worth a try.
turns out you're correct, but there's a rule that specifically makes [any running start illegal on a tag up](http://books.google.com/books?id=bk8orwtjpo4c&amp;pg=pa22&amp;lpg=pa22&amp;dq=%22running+start%22+%22tag+up%22&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=zrrhonjcvk&amp;sig=szhy1zc9b8dvgwlgzun5e6pdc1c&amp;hl=en&amp;ei=f4dhtdkcdmoqlafz6tdaba&amp;sa=x&amp;oi=book_result&amp;ct=result&amp;resnum=1&amp;ved=0cbmq6aewaa#v=onepage&amp;q=%22running%20start%22%20%22tag%20up%22&amp;f=false)
a couple years ago when i was decided between xbox and ps3, this was the game that convinced me to buy a ps3. also, that baseball controller looked sick!
they should have moved it.  we are going to completely take over dodgers stadium. every giants fan i know here in la is going to the game.  i know giants fans making the trip down.

it will be nothing short of embarrassing for the dodgers.
ha ha ha ha.

god, i wish i was clinging to 1988.
what a buffoon.
looks like santa's gonna show up around here, all these sox hanging...
any chance i could get mine changed to the sf logo? ...i already have "giants" in my username, it always look redundant to me...  
thanks if that's cool.
this has only been tried once as far as i know. rickey henderson did it tagging up from third to home. i think the umpire ruled him out of the baseline and the following week a rule was created specifically regarding this.
can i please have the old school devil rays logo please? you're one of the best mods on reddit, btw.
i was just happy to see the rangers are in a preview video!  a little strange hearing josh lewin on that video knowing he is gone.
really? "stupid rich jerks?" 
i would also enjoy getting the boston "b".
both lineups are looking fine this year.  the rotations are the greater uncertainty.

where's pettitte?
which version of burnett will be pitching?

lester has quietly (as quietly as a boston starter can) become one of the best pitchers in baseball, but the rest of the rotation, while good, is loaded with question marks (esp. daisuke). buchholtz is good, but probably dude to regress some.
jeter v scutaro = yankees?
not to nitpick, but you'd need a team of forensics experts to tell the difference between their last season:
.270	.340	.370 (age 37)
.275	.333	.388 (age 35)
jelous, ehh?
who's downvoting my comments? show yourself.  
1. having lackey as #3 is not the same thing as having soriano as a setup man. having lackey is better because he pitches 215 ip a season and soriano will only pitch 80 ip. which has the bigger impact on the game?  
2. i don't trust the mainstream baseball media. at all. also, you can't assume gonzalez' spray chart at petco can automatically be superimposed over fenway. going from the nl west to the al east he will face much better pitching. his numbers will improve, but by how much is unknown. that is what they play the games for.  
3. any good hitter can get hot and appear to "carry" his team, especially when others are slumping. if you use this to say one hitter is better than another, you overvalue streaky hitters. swisher carried the yankees in march and april of '09 with a red hot start. that didn't make his bat anymore valuable than a more consistent guy like hideki matsui that year.  
4. oh, this argument again. i'll just say that i can only speak for myself, but my appreciation and interest for the game of baseball has increased tenfold since learning about advanced stats. i watch every single yankees game i can either on tv or online. i'm a huge baseball fan and advanced statistics helps me understand the game i love even more. perhaps not everyone wants to overanalyze the things they enjoy, but i do. appreciation for advanced stats earned zack grienke and felix hernandez their cy young awards. theo epstein and the red sox were among the first franchises to embrace advanced stats, and it helped them win two world series. and most importantly of all, advanced stats exposed david eckstein as a terrible baseball player. 
yeah, and don't even get me started about how long it's been since the williams dimaggio rivalry ended...

it's not about the players; it's about blind regional score-settling!
jeter is 36, but whatever. wow, i had no idea scutaro was that old. anyway, yes, it is quite a thing that jeter was so bad last year that marco scutaro equalled his production, but last season was an outlier for jeter and a normal season for scutaro. jeter is on the decline, but it's not supposed to be to the point where his bat is league average. scutaro's career line is .267/.336/.385. if jeter repeats his performance from last season, he's toast. if scutaro repeats his performance, then he's having a decent season.

upvoted because fuck the dodgers.  i clicked on this thread specifically because i wanted to see if a dodger fan had posted all angry.  i love hating dodger fans, and i know dodger fans love hating us.  it makes baseball what it is.  
a boston b for me, please. you rock, dtardif.
embarrassing? right. you'll be buying tickets, possibly concessions and viewing paid advertisements while there.

egg all over their face, that's for true.
um.  yeah.  it's always embarrassing to have more away fans at home.

let's try not to be retarded.
the next city to get a team should be mexico city. it's one of the biggest cities in the world and it's in one of only a handful of countries that has baseball fans. economically speaking, mexico city team would instantly be one of the crown jewel organizations in mlb. i think the only reason it hasn't happened yet is politics.

but if it's an expansion team they would need to put a new team in another city, so yeah okay, nc!
the ken griffey jr game was that one christmas present i will always remember. i had rented it about 3 months in a row with my allowance and christmas arrived. i screamed like a prepubescent school girl for maybe half an hour.
i dislike the los angeles metropolitan area and the athletic franchise organizations which reside in that region very much. i think the reason that southern californians are different than northern californians is the fact that northern california holds the majority of the state water supply... which makes it better for farming. thus, better baseball players grow from our farms.
you're not used to it by now? i would think children in bronx schools would have mastering the eye-roll in their third grade curriculum.
that's one more than they averaged last season.
it's weird, the padres were the ones to beat all last season, why don't i ever run into any rabid padre fans?
hey, it's only for one game. after that, the stadium will return to being half empty for the rest of the season.
i'm a huge zduriencik fan, but the only two contracts left on the books from the bavasi regime are ichiro, which was a good signing, and silva/bradley, which only soaks $12 million out of our $90+ million payroll and will be gone after this year.

this is probably about a ~75 win team -- which if you consider that it takes a few years for a gm to become solely responsible -- is still progress after the bavasi years. but if the mariners are improbably as bad or worse than last year, the finger will and should mostly be pointed at zduriencik.
he was mostly well behaved last season but i'd rather have batshit crazy milton who can hit than the milton who played on the team last year. but the whole going to jail thing might be a problem...
i'd love to support this, but posey and bumgarner are from the south and high times man of the year and world series champion tim lincecum is from washington- the man's a seahawk's fan even!

are any giants besides burrell from the bay?
what is retarded is acting like you're totally going to show up a corporation by buying their product. so, you might think it's embarrassing, but i have a feeling they won't give a shit where the money is coming from.

i guess we'll see how many of you all show up on gameday. should be an interesting start to a fun season. the shit talking should be intense.
i lived in san diego for 5 years, and all the padres fans i knew were beaten into submission by years of disappointment.  even when they were cocky they knew it was going to be for naught.  my brother in law, an sd native and life-long padres fan was crushed when the giants knocked the pads out of the playoff race, but he still called after game 5 of the series to congratulate me.  

frankly, in san diego there are better things to do in october than watch playoff baseball.  like go to the beach!  this is precisely why san diegans are never going to experience a championship, it'd be too many nice things for one city.
that's decent for the 5th best ss in baseball.
posey, bumgarner, lincecum, cain and some others developed in the giants farm system. i'm not saying most of them are from here, i'm just stating the fact that we have some of the best minor league scouts in baseball.

the point being, i don't think this will be the only **world f'ing championship** year this decade.
it's all i got.
i think world champs should always start the next season a home.  i understand it creates scheduling issues but i think the champs earn the right. and it's great for the fans, too.
i think that makes a lot of sense. i think it could be implemented easily enough, too.
d-rays baby!
what i meant by that is that it's ridiculous to have an established and pretty darn good closer as your setup man, just as it's ridiculous to have a time-tested ace-type pitcher as your number 3. not impact, just how the sox and yanks toss money around, and have gold toilet seats, if you will.  

it's not just "mainstream media" that says it, and really, i trust mlb network quite a bit- they do a good job. but gonzalez hit like that despite having nothing thrown at him too, remember, i can't name for you another player on the padres last year, though two guys names did rhyme... anyhow, he just... is a better player than texiera, which is saying something about tex. i guess i thought it was more widely accepted than i thought. 
i love the new math, as it is, but there is a reason machines don't play the game. the human element, to me, is getting a little too discounted at times lately. btw, josh hamilton is a streaky hitter, he had swells and dips all season, far from consistent as evidenced by his (comparatively) low obp, he just happens to be a monster. as for the sox being one of the first to embrace them, they were more just the first team with money to embrace them. moneyball + money = victory, who knew? you have to feel bad for billy beane though, he was on to something.

and zach grienke can go suck a lemon. felix, though, dude's dirty. and if being terrible wins you a couple world series, sign me up.
i formally request the "dodgers" logo. it matches my tattoo. come at me, all y'all!


somehow the four horsemen will implode, but i don't know how yet.
a combination of age and work load will likely be the perpetrators if it does indeed happen...

* halladay, 34 - 735+ ip the past 3 years
* oswalt, 34 - ~600 ip the past 3 years
* lee, 33 - ~660 ip the past 3 years

not exactly the youngest bunch and those innings totals are gigantic. they've all proven to be workhorses, but at some point all those pitches have to catch up to them... don't they?
see also: the chicago cubs
haha, i see what you did thar
you're welcome! -st louis
the problem though is that we lost or didn't acquire good players such as adam jones and tim lincecum that we'd still have today if it weren't for bavasi, putting us in this shithole in the first place. it's true that this is mostly gmz's ship now, but it's also true that he's done a wonderful job at rebuilding the m's for the future. i'd hate to see all that he's done go to waste because the front office freaks out that we're not winning the world series year after year.

but really, i doubt we'll be as horribly bad as we were last year. nearly everyone on the roster would have to have career low seasons yet again for that to happen.
doesn't matter what the rule is. joe west will call a balk, smugly chew his cud and shake his jowls.
no, they don't give a shit where the money is coming from.  and they are not making more, since we are just buying the tickets dodger fans would have.  net difference in profit - $0.

great fucking point though.

your desperation to avoid the obvious is noted.
pretty sure there's also a rule that says anything questionable is up to the umpire's discretion.  i think anyone arguing your point would promptly be told to stfu. 
***yeeeeeaaaaahhhhh!!!!!***
im right there with you with the stupid blackouts in nc.  no nats or orioles.  i will never understand it.  
pretty sure he was referring to dexter...
no seriously screw hartford and they team they didnt want to support.  
of course rickey would have been the one to try it!  awesome, awesome baseball player.
i'll bite - who are your top 4?
if you are going to look toward ip, then you must take into consideration efficiency. check out [this article](http://sports.yahoo.com/mlb/news?slug=jp-halladaycg042808) (fyi - it's from april 2010). 

&gt;just so happens that halladay is the most efficient pitcher around, too; his 13.1 pitches per inning are the fewest in the major leagues this year. in each of his full seasons since 2002, halladay has placed in the top 10 in baseball in pitches per inning, and three times he finished second.

lee has also been quite effective over the last few seasons ([14.04 ppi last year](http://mlb.mlb.com/stats/sortable_player_stats.jsp?c_id=mlb&amp;section2=1&amp;statset2=3&amp;sortbystat=p%2fip&amp;stattype=2&amp;timeframe=1&amp;timesubframe=2010&amp;baseballscope=mlb&amp;prevpage2=2&amp;readboxes=true&amp;sitsplit=&amp;venueid=&amp;teamposcode=1)).

not saying that pitching 200+ innings every year doesn't have its wear and tear, but when you consider that these guys are in top 10 for this category, it makes a difference. 

i think you are right that, at some point, age and ip will catch up, but i think they all have a couple years left before that becomes a legitimate concern. 

interesting thought.

this seems like a good time to bring up don hoak, who forced a change in the rulebook.  if he was on base and a foul ball was hit, he would saunter over to a spot about 2 feet from the next base, wait until the ball was put back in play, then promptly step on the next base -- thus "stealing" it.
kind of a dick if he was on the other team, but always so entertaining to watch.
derrek jeter of course fna fnaaafna

/s.
tigers didn't make any splashy moves but they filled the holes they needed to fill. i think penny could end up being an extremely underrated signing, he'll be a great fit as our fifth starter. still wish we could have grabbed the o-dog to play 2nd base for us, we are incredibly bare at second base. also wish we would have finally gotten rid of inge but oh well, maybe next year...
okay, works now.
i can't think of anything that makes it illegal, just a few things that make it unfavorable.

i think the big issue is, after a collision, that fielder has a good chance of not being the first to touch the plate.  if fielder makes the collision, and grienke is chugging right behind him, you force more injury having him hold up quickly to wait for fielder.

i think you're better off, in any scenario, holding your star pitcher at third. if you want to try this play, then have fielder wait half a second and chug at about 75% speed, make the collision, and then hope the other runner is about half way down the third base line, giving fielder time to touch home. 
haha, i've been waiting a week for someone to see it.
well we could also change the scenario so that it's a skinny utility infielder on 2nd. so he doesn't have great odds in a collision, but you're not so concerned about injury.
i approve.
and cb bucknor will call the hitter safe.
done.
done.
switched.
i'll get to it later in the week.  i like to do requests in batches.  but perhaps you have a higher resolution one to link me?
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
why, thank you good sir.  i look forward to another season of the biggest and best rivalry in sports.
done.
done.
the problem with this is that the catcher is not guaranteed to drop the ball. so potentially, neither runner could score, the chance for an injury goes up and i can see the other team getting upset if you hurt their catcher when you could have avoided it. baseball teams tend to remember things like that and, who knows, the next time fielder is batting the ball might "slip" and a 90+ mph fastball is going straight for his helmet. to recap: potential risk- 2 outs 0 runs 2 injuries and 1 pissed off pitcher. potential reward- 2 runs instead of 1 run with a guy on third. i don't see it being worth it in any situation. even, say 9th inning down by 2 with 2 outs (though why you wouldn't have the fastest guy on the bench running for the trail runner is beyond me), the risk that the game ends on this play is too high. i would rather see the lead runner score and have a close play at the plate for the second runner or hold the second guy up at third and see what happens.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
the new rays logo or the old one?
oh, sorry, i didn't know you had an existing logo.  if someone has two logo entries, it just adds the second instance of it, and sfg came after cal.  i changed it.  enjoy.
i had you initially added, but the css was acting up yesterday.  it should appear now.
done.
done.
done.  and, aw shucks, thanks.
done.  and thanks!
done.
even if fielder gets tagged out, if greinke is close behind, there's no way the catcher recovers in time to tag him. i think realistically your downside is 1 out, 1 run.
also, depending on the catcher, prince fielder would get his ass beat for pulling such a stunt. its not illegal for arod to yell anything to get a third baseman to drop a pop up but he stil caught a lot of flack for doing it bc it was considered "bush league".
thank you!
his k/9 went from 9.77 in 2009 to 6.75 in 2010.  his xfip went from 2.46 to 3.65 (thanks to an unmaintainable miniscule 3.6% hr/fb%).    he's undeniably more hittable from a numbers perspective.  but just from the perspective of my own gut feeling, having watched him every game last season, i *know* that his cutter just doesn't have the same bite, and i'm holding my breathing every pitching, hoping that this isn't when the dominoes all fall.
that happens during any regular season lad vs sf game that is played in la
so awesome that not only did we win the world series, but it has infuriated dodgers fans to this degree. that's a two-fer right there.
i never said more money would be made. the only thing i said is that the powers that be don't care who buy the tickets. there are always plenty of giants fans at dodger games, and undoubtedly there will be more because of opening day and bandwagoners. the idea that you'll be "taking over the stadium", though, is entirely ridiculous.

i find your hostility cute, too.
really interesting article. this statistic was pretty cool: no .299 hitter in the last 25 years has ever walked in his last at-bat of the season. 

i wonder what the number of .299 hitters going into their last at bat is...
not like this it doesn't
my hostility is due to your blatant trolling.

and watch and learn.
you may want to recheck how good the pitching in the nl west is... 
they absolutely should not. check out the [run expectancy matrix](http://www.tangotiger.net/re9902.html).

if we attempt what you are suggesting, then not only are risking serious injury to both fielder and greinke and assuming that the catcher or the pitcher backing up the play can't tag one of them out, but you are basically gambling two outs against scoring more or less the same amount of runs you would if you just let them run station to station. consider:

if you run station to station, then you have one run in and a run expectancy of 1.904 (runners on first and third, no outs) for a combined total of 1+1.904 or 2.904.

if you try what you are suggesting, then you have potentially two runs in and an additional run expectancy of 0.953 (runner on first, no outs) for a combined total of 2+0.953 or 2.953. conversely, you run a high risk of having zero runs in - both runners get tagged out - and having a remaining run expectancy of 0.251 (runner on first, one out).

is the difference between 2.953 and 2.904 - is 0.049 runs - worth the injury risk and the potential risk of scoring no runs in the inning? a thousand times no.
i was wondering about sample sizes in this as well.
&gt; he's undeniably more hittable from a numbers perspective.

**mariano 2009:** 6.5 h/9

**mariano 2010:** 5.9 h/9

that's pretty much the definition of "less hittable", right?

by outcome:

**mariano 2009:** .549 ops against

**mariano 2010:** .493 ops against

if you want to use a stat that i seem to recall you liking:

**mariano 2009:** 3.1 war

**mariano 2010:** 3.0 war

yes, mariano's strikeouts declined and his xfip went up.  but both his strikeout rate and xfip are not unprecedented (see 2004 and 2006).  it's not really reasonable to say he's "declined", and it's certainly not reasonable to say that he's "undeniably more hittable".  i'd also argue that it's silly to use xfip instead of fip when mariano's shown that his expected (career) hr/f (4.9%) and hr/9 (0.5) are substantially below league average.  

**his "unmaintainable 3.6% hr/f" is actually completely in line with his career performance.**
here are my terrible estimates for the probability of each scenario:

a) both runs score: 50%

b) fielder out, greinke safe: 35%

c) greinke out, fielder safe: 5%

d) both out: 10%

so let's check the run expectancy for each scenario and calculate the total expectancy:

a) runner on first, no one out, 2 runs in: (2 + .953) x 50% =  1.477

b, c) runner on first, 1 out, 1 run in: (1 + .573) x 40% = .629

d) runner or first, 2 out, 0 runs in: .251 x 10% = .025

total re: 2.131

so, with no one out, it's a bad move, but we knew that, because it's always a bad idea to send a runner from third on a close play with less than 2 outs. but it could be advantageous down 2 with 2 out in the 9th.
i only upvoted you for your name. one of the goat
dude, buck martinez.  the guy had a broken arm after a collision and still recovered enough to throw out a runner at third. 
if i'm getting what you're explaining, the running would be off the bag and would then have to touch the previous bag after the ball is caught.  so for example, if the runner is at third and gets behind the bag (off of it), he would have to touch 2nd base as the ball is caught.  plus, he would be out of the base path and called out.
madison bumgarner
just so happens that i do: http://i.imgur.com/dj0np.png

no rush whatsoever, doubt many people will be clamoring for an atlantic league team logo. thanks btw
and no man will forget valentine's day this year.  thank you, mlb.
it was said earlier, but this is what you would consider "bush league". anyone who attempted a stunt like this would be torn apart by the players, fans, and media
&gt; ... but when you consider that these guys are in top 10 for this category, it makes a difference.

agreed. the magnitude of that difference, however, is up for debate.

&gt; ... i think they all have a couple years left before that becomes a legitimate concern.

i agree that it will definitely become a bigger deal in the future, but i'd also say that it's a legitimate concern right now. does that mean it will definitely happen? no, but to me 3 guys safely on the wrong side of thirty with heavy workloads in the recent past is an uneasy situation, no matter what their names are.

this all being said, even given my amount of worry regarding their age/workload, i still think that lee and halladay are going to get through the year unscathed and that oswalt will be the one seeing time on the dl, if at all.
so pumped. this season can't start soon enough.
and am really broke right now. any extra cash would help so i'm looking to sell my ball signed by john "blue moon" odom. i have no idea how much its worth and was hoping one of you would have a general idea.
in soviet union, pitchers and catchers report you.
i've been watching 2006 world series highlights in anticipation.  this season needs to hurry up and get here.
i'll give you nine baseball bats for it.
i haven't been this excited for st in about a dozen years.  i just hope my crappy o's don't get off to another 2-16 start and flush the season down the drain before the end of april.  before last season, they would fake being a decent team and make the fans believe we were decent for at least 3 months before collapsing.  so i always got a bit of decent baseball in.  
just found out i will be out of the country for padres' home opener, can we delay the season for 1 week?
can you explain?  because i thought that's exactly what war was meant to do.
so...the mets are the best at caving and paying their arbitration eligible players too much money?
memories of 2005?
¡viva los doyers!
&gt; his "unmaintainable 3.6% hr/f" is actually completely in line with his career performance.

it's almost half of his career rate, and at the best hr park in the al, in which he gave up plenty of homers in 2009.  don't pretend like that's just business as usual when it's not.

&gt; mariano 2009: 6.5 h/9

&gt; mariano 2010: 5.9 h/9

&gt; that's pretty much the definition of "less hittable", right?

i recognize your sarcasm and derision, as usual, but my beef with you here, just as last time, is that you're arguing results and i'm not.  i don't deny that he turned out an excellent product last season, i'm just highly worried with the numbers behind that.  all three of the stats you used strike at that, which is not that useful when what i'm saying is that he's more hittable, not that he did poorly.

&gt; but both his strikeout rate and xfip are not unprecedented (see 2004 and 2006).

this is a fair point, but in 2006 and 2004, his cutter was 2 mph faster, and he was throwing 25% more innings than he currently is.  it's factual that his numbers declined, i'd prefer you not pretend like that was the case; your argument is that it has happened before and he has regained his poise, which is a fine argument, and what i'd like to talk about.  

i'd certainly love to believe that at 40, he can spike his k/9 back up to around 9 and double his flyball conversion rate to his career norms and everything will be fine, but i don't think one can confidently say that he *will* and that there is absolutely nothing to worry about.  i remember people saying that after 2007, it was all downhill, as the results started following the 2006 trend, and they were wrong, but the velocity is decreased since 2006, and that will certainly make a difference.

&gt; i'd also argue that it's silly to use xfip instead of fip when mariano's shown that his expected (career) hr/f (4.9%) and hr/9 (0.5) are substantially below league average.

i'm trying to say that people were hitting him hard, the reason to use xfip is that home run numbers are thought to be a product of flyballs, and lower strikeouts + lots of flyballs is a clear indication of diminishing stuff.  you say it's bad to use xfip because his numbers are below league average, but i'm not comparing him to the league here, so i fail to see why that's relevant.  and, by that logic, wouldn't fip be just as flawed?  i mean, both use league-wise normalization factors.
i'm excited... i'm going to boston for fenway's 100th opening day! i'm sad that i won't get to go to busch for opening day this year, i'll have to settle for royals.
im not so pumped about this year's expectations, but always excited to watch them play 
"yo bartender, jobu needs a refill!"  
praise
how would you like to watch the 2011 world series highlights... at great american ball park?
i want to warn you that i will be incredibly disappointed in you personally if i am not able to hear chants of "beat la!" and "let's go giants" on my tv come march 31. i will not forget what you have written here, for i am now incredibly excited for this to happen.
it would be really nice of the reds to throw the cardinals a party after they win their 11th world series.  it's the least jocketty could do.
my girlfriend and i are flying out to see the sox padres inter-league this year. so excited.
well, perhaps the dodgers organization would be happy to get its hands on any cash it can, but would you disagree that if such a thing were to happen it would be at least a little bit embarrassing to dodger *fans*? i know that as a giants fan i would be embarrassed to see at&amp;t "taken over" by the opposing team's fans.
hey, i think we've got a fightin' chance - pitching should be the strength again (we weren't terrible last year!) and they should be fun to watch.  we could easily hit .500.
how is this getting downvoted?  do people just not get the reference?
may i have the stl bird on the bat?
manny ramirez worked out well for the white sox last year.  oh wait...

but seriously, for 2 mil i would have let manny have another shot in chicago.
these two weeks between football and pitchers &amp; catchers are the darkest and saddest of the year, though.
your definitely right.  im just worried about the lack of proven players we have starting besides our rotation.  but im crossing my fingers!  
cause he is a cub fan.  thats why.  
done.
it is very bad to steal jobu's rum...  it is very bad.

edit:  are you trying to tell me jesus christ can't hit a curve ball?
this guy threw at his own son in a father son game. 
haha yeah.  i'm a dodgers fan, and i was fine with manny, but since he had to play in the field, i felt that he was more of a liability.  it makes more sense for him to play on an al team.
hunter pence is a real bright spot. wasn't he 20/20 last year?
i thought it was funny!
tell me about it. i've started watching *the sixers*. the sixers! i must've been drunk!
his 1.3 war last year is better than anything else we'd be dumping into the fifth rotation spot, and we got him for a song... i'm cool with it.
can't wait. don't expect to make the playoffs - again - but the jays are a pretty exciting team to watch now. we had a winning record last year, which is good, but beyond that we were just a really fun team to watch. hopefully we get that again!
well, we do like old players from the cardinals organization. we could just skip the middle man. 
yeah, amazingly enough the knicks are bearable this year. i refuse to get attached though, fool me once...
i'm still in phase 1: learning their names. soon, i might move to phase 2: owning a hat. i'll keep you posted.
it had a lot less to do with a legitimate lack of fan support and a lot more to do with some scumbag moves by two lying owners and some bad decisions by the local government - a long story involving multiple states and multiple sports.

but that's neither here, nor there. my heart goes out to the poor souls of north carolina. it must really suck only having multiple professional franchises.
almost, 25 hr's 3 years in a row, 18 sb last year which is his highest.  im not worried about the outfield, lee will hit, hopefully, and bourn and pence should be good, its just the infield which is a question mark.  3 unproven players, castro, johnson, and wallace.  barnes and hall are good, but they are only better if the others step up.  it will be a learning experience for them.  

the phils are going to nasty this year if their offense hits.  no one will be able to touch their pitching if their rotation is healthy.  im glad roy gets a chance to play for a winner.  we had our chance in 05 and fell flat.  
i'm worried about the hitting. specifically, are they getting older? hopefully we'll figure it out. health was an issue last year, but if we can stay healthy and get some timely hitting, we could win 100 games. 

johnson was a bright spot last year for you guys. didn't he hit like 360? and pence is only 27, he's still getting better.
"please do not:

use url shorteners

spam

**downvote someone just because of their team logo**"
johnson did great, but no one is sure he can keep it up.  no one can hit at that kind of clip all year long.  j-roll seems to have lost a step or two and i dont see him as a leadoff anymore.  victorino??

pence is the franchise.  we need to lock him up for a long time.  
thank you captain obvious.  
fuck you jobu, i do it myself.  
same here.  nobody likes a cubs fan!  haha
&gt; i recognize your sarcasm and derision, as usual, but my beef with you here, just as last time, is that you're arguing results and i'm not.

1.  i don't mean to be sarcastic.  i'm just curious as to how you can call someone "more hittable" when they were actually hit less.  also, his contact rate fell as well, so i don't know by what measurement that makes mariano more hittable.

2.  you are arguing results.  you said he was "more hittable" and said that his numbers "had declined".  you didn't say that his numbers showed evidence that he would decline.  you said that it was undeniable that he was more hittable from a numbers perspective.

3.  one of those numbers i cited was war, which i seem to recall you suggested was not a "result" stat at all.

4.  where you are using luck-independent stats (like fip and xfip) you are misusing them, as i explain later.   luck-independent stats are only useful if you can demonstrate (or assume) that the player you're evaluating is typical - ie: his babip and hr/f behave as most pitchers' do.  based on a full career of mariano rivera, we can say that his babip and hr/f are not typical and that he does have control over these factors.

&gt; it's almost half of his career rate

baseball reference lists his career hr/f at 4.9% and his 2010 performance as 2.9%.  that is not "almost half" - that is a difference of two percent, which is:

* within the bands of *normal statistical variation*.  it's a difference of less than two home runs.  if mo had allowed 4 rather than 2 home runs in 2010, his hr/f would have been *above* his career average.
* a reduction from his previous career *high* in 2009 which was a sky-high 10.8%  again, just a statistical blip.  two fewer home runs in 2009 would have put him at below league average.
* besides the point, since the actual thing to consider is that any metric that assumes that mariano's hr/f "should be" somewhere around 10% ignores his entire career to the contrary.

&gt;  it's factual that his numbers declined

some of his peripherals "declined" (although using a sample of two years hardly constitutes a trend - as i was pointing out with the examples of 2004 and 2006), but other peripherals (including h/9, hr/9, babip, hr/f, ops against, ld%, xbh%, contact percentage re24/boli) improved.  phrasing this as "it's factual that his numbers declined" only makes sense if:

1.  you assume that a single year's performance *within the normal variation of a career* can be considered evidence of "decline".
2.  you consider k/9 (and xfip - more on that in a second) to be the only number that matters.

&gt; i'm trying to say that people were hitting him hard, the reason to use xfip is that home run numbers are thought to be a product of flyballs, and lower strikeouts + lots of flyballs is a clear indication of diminishing stuff.

xfip assumes, however, that hr/f is uncontrollable, an assumption which mariano has demonstrated over the course of his career *does not hold for him*.  it's as pointless as using a metric that ignores gb% to evaluate a sinkerball or knuckleball pitcher.

yes, fip is also flawed for mariano since it assumes a league-average babip (around .300) and mariano's expected (career) babip sits more at .261.

fip and xfip both break down for pitchers that defy normal (expected) batted ball peripherals.  mariano's career xfip and fip are both significantly higher than his actual era, and you can find similar phenomena for tim wakefield and to a lesser extent johan santana)

&gt;  the velocity is decreased since 2006, and that will certainly make a difference.

except it hasn't thus far.  since that 2006 season he's posted an era+ of 219.  if mariano does decline in the future, we can safely say that it's *not* the loss of 2-3 mph off his cutter, since he was pitching fine with the decline over the past three seasons.

**conclusion:**  you're misapplying a single peripheral (k/9) and using xfip and fip in situations where it's not applicable.  furthermore, you're comparing a typical year by mariano ('10) to an exceptional one ('09) and citing this two-year pairing as evidence of a decline.
[let me google that for you](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=john+blue+moon+odom+signed+ball)

but in all honesty first you have to get it authenticated then you will need to find a buyer for it. 
could i get the yanks please
we've been hating l.a longer with more passion.
i like a balance approach in baseball. it's good to have power but you can't wish for a home run or a gapper. that's where playing small ball come in to play. you need do some stealing, hit and running, bunt..etc. that reminded me of aubrey huff laying down his first career sac bunt during the w.s. 
go jays - great rotation this year! 
i don't want to get sucked into another weeklong quibblefest with you again, so i'll keep it short:

his hr/fb% last season was 3.6% and 6.3% for his career according to fangraphs, but i just now noticed that it only includes half of the data from his career, my mistake.  i argued against using the statistics you did, but i only ever said war was good to value relievers against other pitchers and other players, and you even thought it was entirely irrelevant, which is why i was confused you brought it up at all.  his babip decreasing doesn't really fill me with hope; it was .222 vs a career .263 when he got a shockingly lower number of strikeouts; that is an indicator of luck, whereas you act as if that's a good thing.  but i'm not talking about those statistics (note that his wpa also decreased to the lowest since 2002, but i don't really care about that; yes, i'm viewing a narrow field of statistics, but i always was and currently am talking about hittability.  it's fine to disagree with me on that point, but keep it on point.) 

statistically, also, i'm comparing mariano rivera's xfip to mariano rivera's xfip; i agree, it breaks down when comparing mariano rivera to another pitcher, but i'm not, so i fail to see how i'm misapplying anything here.  also, when a pitcher's k/9 rate declines, that means he's more hittable, so why is it data picking to use k/9 when talking about hittability?  i started by saying he was more hittable (meaning he's missing less bats), showed that he's missing less bats, and that's that.

&gt;except it hasn't thus far.

(in response to me saying his velocity fell).  this is the only argument i want to entertain.  this is all i'm saying, that i expect it will, and you expect it won't.  let's leave it at that.
i'm excited for the fightin' showalters. i think the o's will surprise the perennial top three often. or i hope they will, anyway.
the jays had one of the best off-seasons in baseball. getting rid of vernon wells and flipping him for frank francisco was fantastic. and how many draft picks do you have in the next draft? i'm just happy we got j.p. ricciardi from you =)
people kept saying that, but he played like 50 games didn't he? that's good. 

and yeah, hopefully jimmy will come back fully rehabbed. 30 isn't ancient. he can still do his thing, if he's healthy. i just know sooner or later this stuff will catch up with all of them, hoping this year isn't the year.
&gt; statistically, also, i'm comparing mariano rivera's xfip to mariano rivera's xfip

except this still doesn't make sense, because i can just as easily compare his fip to his fip and say he's gotten better by a bit (or at the very least, maintained his current level).  the problem with xfip is that it's "off-center" for mariano.  mariano's hr/f is still within a normal range for him, but the further out of that normal range it gets for xfip, the more it attempts (mathematically) to compensate for that "luck" (as it sees it) by adjusting his xfip upwards.  it doesn't matter that you're comparing mariano against mariano - it's still bad practice to:

1.  use xfip for mariano at all.
2.  use a single year - if you look back at 2006, you'll see that his xfip was similar to where it was in 2010, again because mariano got a little bit luckier than average with hr/f (which was interpreted by xfip as getting a lot luckier than average)

&gt; also, when a pitcher's k/9 rate declines, that means he's more hittable, so why is it data picking to use k/9 when talking about hittability?

because his hits/9 and his contact rate decreased.  declining k/9 (and again, a single year and 60 innings isn't really enough to talk "decline"), is only one piece of "hittability".  if you really want to find the culprit for declining k/9 in mariano, look at the plate discipline numbers on fangraphs - you'll see that more hitters were swinging at mariano's pitches - even though his contact rate was constant, and his swinging strike rate went up, he got fewer "strikes looking" in 2010 than he got in 2009.

however, once again if you look at his career numbers, his l/str% in 2010 was actually *higher* than his career average.
i actually have my own [ceramic statue of jobu](http://imgur.com/5euf4). i am obsessed with major league and baseball in general and it took nearly 10 years to find, but i located the only guy i have ever known to recreate him. he makes like 10 every few years. it's one of the greatest purchases i have ever made. 
that is awesome
we're still shitty.
i for one border on happy and not caring. i'm happy i don't have to read anymore of his sabremetric nonsense, and yet i never really enjoyed reading his columns in the first place so i don't particularly care that he will no longer be at espn. im pretty sure i wont notice.

that said the article he wrote here for sbnation is one of his better articles imo, and i respect him a bit more for his point of view in this particular instance 
you.
this is awkward...

how have you... been? you're looking... well.
after the past three seasons, there's nothing anyone can do to troll dodgers fans any harder than we already have.  brox in '08, brox in '09, giants in 10 (handily beating the phillies team that punished us so badly).  we are offically troll-proof.  now where are some mets fans to grovel with...

edit:  there's actually one way we can still be trolled.  a shiny nickel goes to whomever can guess..
good...i just...well got out of a bad relationship with a woman i couldn't bear. it turned out she wasn't who i thought she was. so i'm ready for something a little younger...
hahaha. what the hell?
this has been the shortest off-season in the history of the rangers, and i'm more excited than ever.

i've got high expectations, and am excited to see how our infield shapes up....i think it should be one of the best infields in the league with the addition of beltre.  i'm a bit on end about how to handle michael young at dh...i'm sure he can help fielding as well.

if brandon webb comes back from his injuries and contributes, i'll be very happy.  and hopefully derrick holland turns into the pitcher i think he's capable of becoming.  oh, and hamilton, cruz &amp; kinsler...please stay healthy!
think about it ;)
boy there's just so many things this could be about. you'll have to give me a hint.
man maybe i'm not as clever as i think i am. relationship with someone i couldn't "bear"? young bears = ?
oh man. that. i totally whooshed on that. oh well. how about that ryan dempster?
he's awesome! if we had 3 more like him we might be somewhere close to the phillies level...your team is gonna be really damn good this year and i plan to enjoy watching them.
me too! i'm bummed i'm spending 10 weeks this summer in california. gonna miss some good games. dempster is on my fantasy team, and is hilarious
sabermetric nonsense? what?
this image is just so weird. seeing manny and damon next to each other in the same uniform.
an oakland fan or a tampa bay fan could make a comment like that...but the cubs and dodgers are in the same league we are at underperforming at high salary levels.
actually he looks more like trollface in that pic.
i have no idea...simpletons.  also, this is the most negative karma i've ever received!!!
which player in particular do you think got too much money?
i agree on the red sox but disagree on the rays. the rays lost many productive and a couple of not-so-productive members of their squad. the blue jays got rid of vernon wells with his albatross salary and *also* picked up a bunch of draft picks. they also didn't lose carl crawford, rafael soriano, and joaquin benoit in the process.

mainly cutting payroll by booting wells was the clincher.
hanley tulo reyes then i am guessing jeter or andrus. 
i liked this article better the first time i read it, when it was about the 2004 yankees and a-rod.
supposedly scouts just love chiz's swing.
pay for insider---view 324512341 ad's to get there. espn can fuck off.
three. =)
spring time. baseball, sunshine, and short skirts. 
if he is nipping at fielder's heels yea. if he is only half way down the line, i still see greinke getting tagged out.
i feel like you can pull out the "heavy workload" line better with unproven youngsters. as much as i hate the phillies, i recognize that, barring freak accidents, roy halladay will be one of the most durable pitchers in baseball this year. and i think that even if two of them get hurt, a combination of camel and halladay or lee and oswalt with kendrick and blanton filling in would still represent a top 5 rotation in baseball, and clearly better than the yanks rotation.

edited to add: if the phillies fail this year, it will be due to some combination of rollins/victorino/howard/utley underperforming due to whatever reason. gaby sanchez and ike davis had better years than howard, utley was injured, and rollins is showing a decline. i would not be surprised if howard/victorino/utley bounce back, but the vaunted phillies offense is showing clear signs of deterioration. but hey, they're still gonna win games.
the new guy's name is cliff something... 
no, i'm talking about the 76ers. i haven't learned their names yet. but i'm trying!
feel like a huge moron here...but can anybody explain to me what the fuck this means?
seven draft picks, i think? things are definitely looking up for us, and i'm very excited to witness the progression of snider, arencibia and brandon morrow.
&gt;i think, as with most seasons, it'll end up with nyy/bos taking the division and wild card

guess you've never heard of tampa bay. they won the division in 2008 and 2010.
perennial top 3?  now, i love the rays as much as the next guy and used to go to maybe 30+ games a year when i lived in st. petersburg, but calling a team that was in the cellar until 2008 a member of the perennial top three a bit much.....
&gt;i don't have to read anymore of his sabremetric nonsense

i suggest you look into it, since you kind of sound like an old person complaining about the new-fangled electric lights, which are nowhere near as nice as the candles you've grown up on. you might actually appreciate aspects of the game you did not think about before. it's really opened up my eyes to a game far more nuanced than i ever realized.
&gt; ... and clearly better than the yanks rotation.

way to go out of your way to make a dig at the yankee rotation in a conversation that never saw them mentioned at all. i assume this only came up because of my icon, as there's zero reason for this. stay classy.
base runs (bsr)
defense independent pitching statistics (dips)
equivalent average (eqa)
fantasy batter value (fbv)
late-inning pressure situations (lips)
on-base plus slugging (ops)
pecota (player empirical comparison and optimization test algorithm)
peripheral era (pera)
pythagorean expectation
nerd
range factor
runs created
secondary average
similarity score
speed score
super linear weights
total player rating (aka pw/bfw)
ultimate zone rating (uzr)
value over replacement player (vorp)
win shares
woba
wins above replacement (war)

rob neyer has a habit of evoking all kind of statistics that i find to be largely overkill. some of the stats listed are very important, many i find to be useless or else impossible to truly calculate given the complexities of the sport of baseball. so when i read a rob neyer article where he throws out tons of information in an attempt to sound knowledgeable i just can't help but laugh.

this is just my opinion, as many people seem to really like the plethora of new stats that have come around over the last few years. i'm not one of these people. i think it was hearing about a baseball statistic that proved the "luckiness" of a hitters season that finally exasperated me with these kinds of stats.
homeruns are fun, but there are a lot of close games in baseball that you need to manufacture that run.
damn someone was forcing you to read his articles?  and here i thought it was optional.
i think jmchao was trying to be funny.
this is the first time i'll agree with a sox fan.
mission: failed!
awesome, because it's the cubs year.
especially as a pats and sox fan. i can't wait to break out the youkilis jersey again.
i.... must... have one.
i'm 23 years old so....way to jump to conclusions. i didn't realize i would cause such a stir with that comment. as i commented below i don't mind all of them. many are very enlightening. i just find that there are an equal number that are just useless. 

you can break things down endlessly when it comes to statistics but at a certain point you should take a step back and say do i really need war to tell me how good albert pujols is? short answer: no. long answer: someone else will provide that for me i'm sure.

all the basic stats are quite good at telling you how good a player is, i just find when i start digging too deep into some of these stats it just starts to feel ridiculous. 
[mendozaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o02835c-_vi&amp;feature=related)
nope i enjoy reading, and i enjoy giving people the benefit of the doubt. i also enjoy baseball. kind of makes sense for me to read articles about something i enjoy. don't you think?

if i felt forced to read it my sentiment would have been "damn why the hell do i get forced to read this shit" instead of "i'm pretty sure i won't notice". 

carry on giants fan
basic stats like avg and rbi? yeah they're great.
i think some of those stats really tell you a lot about the game, and i don't think he uses them to excess either. if you don't understand them i see why you might get frustrated but they're pretty simple if you just take a few minutes to google them.

edit: i like how you randomly put the word "nerd" in with those stats to indicate how nerdy it is to use math.
and the first time i agree with a whatever team fan.
good ol' reliable number 20. the celtics are holding me over until the baseball season starts. 
i mostly agree with this sentiment and will reward you with an organgerd.
1) oakland - has been competitive consistently during the last decade; certainly not suffering terribly for low payroll, cleveland's done poorly but they've also made some terrible trades (cliff lee to phillies for...what?). the marlins have been putting up consistently competitive teams while not really making a push, but they've also won a world series against the yankees. as a counterpoint, i propose the mets, dodgers, cubs, 2009 yankees, and the 2010 red sox.

the fact is money just does not relate well to victories/reaching the playoffs in baseball.

and a number of the cases you made regarding free agents are incorrect. halladay wanted to leave toronto because he wanted to go to a team that would win sometime during his career. it was not about the money.

tl;dr: so in short, i agree with you that salary caps introduce more problems, but i actually feel that they don't really solve anything in terms of winning parity.
that's not the language you used in your first post.  you said you don't "have to read anymore".  i was pointing out you never had to read it in the first place.
the salary cap won't fix baseball because rich teams don't necessarily win more than poor teams. the cubs, mets, and dodgers had massive payrolls and finished 2nd to last in each of their respective divisions last year. the red sox, another team with a gigantic payroll, finished 4 games ahead of the toronto blue jays. would you also mind explaining to me the 90 win san diego padres, who had a combined payroll less than cc sabathia+a-rod?

baseball is not football or basketball, and so we *could* implement a salary cap but poorly-managed teams will still lose games and well-managed teams will still win them. noting you are from the dc-area, did you check out the fightin' showalters' record after he took over?
with such a small sample size, the exception might as well *be* the rule.
that doesn't even make sense. in any case, i don't think anyone would actually think baseball would be stronger if you eliminate dynasties. in the past several years, the athletics, the angels, the rockies, the cardinals, the mets, the rays, the red sox, the diamondbacks, the astros, the giants, the rangers, and a number of other teams have made it to the world series.

different teams make it to the playoffs each year, and there are times when the richest teams just do not make it. theoretically, payroll parity would be a good thing since **people assume more money=more wins**. the problem is **that actually isn't true**.
never enough wins to go around in the al east though. jays can play .600 against the rest of the league, but they'll also need to be better than .500 against bo-ny-tb.

post-script: my cousin caught bad case of the bony t.b.
hitting a shitload of homeruns is great, but all it'll get you is fourth in the al east. :(
thanks
i understand the ones that are most commonly used. some are misleading though, such as range factor which does nothing to calculate range, it merely adds putouts and assists together that aren't handled cleanly. that may account for some range but by no means tells you the "range" of a player. it is misleading, and you could probably stick with fielding percentage coupled with what you've seen out of a given player to give yourself a greater understanding of a players range.

vorp and war essentially reinforce how good a player is. the stat basically exists to tell you what you already know. if you replaced roy halladay with an average pitcher you would do lose x player value(vorp). ryan howard gives you x more wins than your average replacement(war). 

lips are misleading as well, as it doesn't calculate a players level of calm or determination in pressure situations, nor does it take into account line drives that might go straight into a players glove resulting in an out which results in a player looking not-so-clutch even though the player barreled the ball in a clutch situation.

many of these stats either tell you what you know, or are misleading and not truly efficient.

i would like 2011 to pass as quickly as possible so that we can get to 2012.

i have this hope that once the marlins have a stadium they will start investing in payroll and build a real deal team.
i only said the mets are the best at paying arbitration eligible players too much.  the cubs pay every player too much.
&gt; since 2000
yankees. that's why it's such a stride for me.
second that.
well let the best team win. should be a great season for the rivalry. 
source: yankees-red sox rivalry dead
agreed. this should be a season for the ages now that those pesky rays have fallen off a bit.
i already noted that there will be teams that bungle it no matter what, regardless of how much money they had (see my comment about the pirates). i would easily put the mets and cubs in this category. you've got to be kidding about the yankees and red sox somehow contradicting that large payrolls can help success. they are #1 and #2 in payroll, and #1 and #2 in winning percentage for the past 10 seasons.

the thing that i don't like seeing, and i think most baseball fans agree, are *well-run* teams failing because they didn't have the financial competitiveness to retain the talent they accumulated through good scouting and dealing.

oakland has *not* been consistently competitive - they were very good during the first half of the decade, but haven't had a winning season in any of the last four years, shortly after losing all of their core players from the early part of the decade (and they lost nearly all of them for money reasons).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oakland_athletics_seasons

the point about cleveland is that they were a good team - they drafted well and had an excellent cliff lee and cc sabathia leading that staff. and then that pitching nucleus fell apart, for no other reason than cleveland not being able to afford their upcoming free agent salaries, and thus had to trade them. methinks, it's a bad thing for baseball when teams lose not from their own merit, but from the finances of the market they're in.

everyone always cites the marlins as a success story, but to me they're not. they come along and show the potential of a well-run franchise - the amount of very young talent they've accumulated over the past 15 years is astonishing. and despite all of that, you know how many playoff appearances they've had? two, in 18 seasons. they got the talent to peak together twice and with a little luck won the series both times, but outside of that they're an absolute non-factor in terms of contending for a championship. both times, they had a fire sale immediately following the championships, because they have no way of affording the salaries of all those players compared to what bigger market teams can offer.

you're right about halladay, however. he is much more like the greinke situation.
what's wrong with the flyers?
i'm guessing your sox fan, personally as a sox fan myself i just shrug my shoulders.

i mean damon sold out to the yankees right after the '04 season so his value to me completely fell off the face of the earth.

and as for manny, he was a great character and no doubt on of the faces of the red sox, but looking at the rosters we've had for the last few years it really doesn't phase me anymore.
i don't get them at my apartment. it lists them as on, but when i put on the channel, its just the colored bars and beeeeeeeee. sad.
as a hockey fan, i am so sorry.
in other news dodgers-giants rivalry revived
my room mate is a big flyers fan. he's pretty bummed.
happy... about jp ricciardi? jesus, all that losing has really screwed you guys up. 
well the issue for me is that i go to school in pennsylvania so i can't get most of the bruins games.
who did they pay too much?
yeah, i go to penn state, and they still don't show the flyers out here. it's not that they show the pens instead. they just show the bars and the beeeeee
well that's just messed up.
i know right? you think they'd rather show something than nothing. fucking comcast sportsnet. where do you go?
get a bunch of people to complain to the school. i go to a much smaller school than penn state so i don't know how this would work exactly but can't hurt to speak up.
i don't live in the dorms. so it's between me and the cable company. needless to say, they won. do you go to swarthmore by any chance?
who needs crawford anyway...
:(
test post. please ignore.

edit: awesome!!!
what, no love for the bruins? hockey is so under-appreciated. :(
amen!
no. muhlenberg.
gotcha. my advisors son went there a long time ago. allentown is quite a place.
eh i guess. not as much to do off campus though.
i enjoy the bruins and will watch them from time to time but i don't love hockey like i love basketball. but i also don't love basketball like i love baseball.
heh, i had a girlfriend from bethlehem. you guys have an apple store. what more do you need?
one more:  http://www.flickr.com/photos/8563910@n08/5119164631/
hey! it's a dodger fan! what up?
unusual method of warming up?...maybe....but did it work for ryan?...well, history speaks for itself.
are you the pirates, o's, indians, mariners, royals, or mets?
didn't you guys have that one guy? dr. dre, i think.
my mom met him at a gas station once!
texas would be smart to get a few great sinkerballers. with the texas heat, the ball just jumps off the bat and ground balls are the only defense against carrying home runs. webb was the right idea, but we have no idea how he's gonna do.
i wouldn't count the rays out though.
best rivalry in sports.  crossed the country together to continue hating each other. and unlike the yankees/redsox is isn't completely dominated by one team.

also, juan marichial beat a dodger with a bat.
could i please get the angels logo?


this is so cool.
the dark time is a lot worse if you don't watch nfl.  once college bowls are done...  it's rough.
http://www.baseball-reference.com/minors/player.cgi?id=womack001jos

he can hit passably in the minors. nothing to warrant a callup. 
really? no one has used range factor since like 1986. the most common defensive metrics used right now are uzr and dewan +/-. i'm not sure how you expect to learn something about a player's range based on their fielding percentage. 

and lips? late inning pressure situations? that sounds more like something joe morgan would talk about than rob neyer.

war is a great stat. yes, it tells you how good a player is. if you know off the top of your head how many wins you would gain if you replaced gaby sanchez with ryan howard, i tip my cap to you.
you have one of the best reddit usernames i have ever encountered.
get a room you two.
it's an r/nfl party! i'm gonna miss you guys.
the offeason is almost over. it's like christmas.
message the mods if you want a team logo. go sox!
dude, i saw him hit two balls about 500 feet, over the center field wall at new britain stadium in connecticut, my god, what power. but kipnis went about 7-12 with like 5 doubles in the series, all he does is hit. either way, i want them both up soon, or at least to columbus.
i would take tour advice, but i've listened to enough of your kind today. 
you never can- especially with that farm system. 
&gt; also, juan marichial beat a dodger with a bat.

:d
i have to chime in here - i love how you can get a better understanding of the value of a player, for instance, adam dunn, already my favorite player, has increased in value as time has gone on. but after a time, it does get tiresome when a writer rattles off stats like that, like they're trying to prove something. someone said to me the other day that david eckstein has been proven to be a bad baseball player by many metrics, but was a world series mvp and has two rings to show for his time in the majors. the more prominant ones like war or uzr, and especially now fielding independent pitching that i came across recently, are fantastic, and allow me to hate on derek jeter more, but after a while, it does get a little stupid. you can tell who's good and who's bad pretty easily by watching. and i gotta tell you man, some of those things get kind of confusing. you can get by with ops+, war, uzr, and a couple others without cluttering things up, and get a good idea of who and what a player is. just my two cents.
are you going to north korea? opening day is in exactly two months!
no i'm gonna miss the r/nfl guys. not all of them follow baseball too.
and angel hernandez will look on as if nothing is going on. vacantly.
carlos santana. please?
i'm sorry, but this "theory" needs some serious work. putting xbh over sf, sb and sh doesn't really make any intuitive sense, and some of the assumptions you make are predicated on a ratio that doesn't have any intrinsic value.
the indians, wooo!!!

never mind, i'm gonna sit in the corner till 2012.
so this graph tells me the jays were good or bad? and the indians were just mediocre? 
because it's a dumb meme applied in an unfunny way?  was this question so difficult?
but the meme is worn out because people use it wrong all the time.  i thought this was exactly the way to apply it.

people usually misuse it by just reversing the normal syntax of a common statement.  but the whole joke is to reverse it so that it sounds like something the kgb would do.

"pitchers and catchers report you" is a punchline worthy of the meme because it's actually reminiscent of soviet russia.  i imagined matt cain and buster posey sneaking off to the clubhouse to dial in to the secret police hotline to report suspicious imperialist activity.
true, don't tell r/baseball but r/nfl is my favorite sports subreddit.
can i get mine changed to the vegas alien head?
i dunno, most people think of three deals when jp gets mentioned: wells, ryan, burnett.

wells was signed to that deal because with the departure of delgado the jays brass was not willing to let another "franchise player" walk, so they paid him too much money. i just don't think jp had all that much to do with it.

ryan was a stupid deal because he's a relief pitcher, but if you look at his pre-jays stats he was one of the best in the game, and his first year in toronto he was actually lights-out ridiculous (1.37 era, .86 whip), then he got injured, had a pretty good 2008, but injuries returned and he lost his effectiveness. dumb deal yes, insane deal no. he spent a lot of money on burnett, which i didn't like at the time either, but then look what happened when he aged three years and opted out of his contract - he got basically the same thing from the yanks.

besides, his drafting was actually quite good - marcum, romero, cecil, snider, arencibia, purcey, lind, hill were all jp picks.
dm me and i will do what i can to help.
wow. getting downvoted for pointing out the truth.
&gt;best rivalry in sports. crossed the country together to continue hating each other. and unlike the yankees/redsox is isn't completely dominated by one team.

http://cdn.bleacherreport.net/images_root/slides/photos/000/253/301/2004_alcs_finals_display_image.jpg?1276116483
ah, makes sense. it's just the opposite for me. i guess probably because the warriors are just never very good.
all that losing?  the mets had 2 losing seasons in a row.  the last one before that was 2004.
i agree with your points, but i think you put way too much thought into that response.  he was just trying to be funny, shitting on the mets.  it's the current cool kidz trend.
must... resist... urge... to make... obvious... joke...
maybe he's the yankees' starting rotation.
hey, that's my mom you're talking about. i brought her up on the internet because i trusted you. you wouldn't betray that trust would you?
hey, i didn't make the joke, did i?  jeez.  besides, she was awesome at pumping my gas.  i have nothing negative to say about her.
oh, i know. just being fair to the guy (though jp did always strike me as somewhat of a douche).

and not that much thinking involved don't worry, i posted something along those lines on a blog a while ago... just a condensed version.
surprisingly, she wasn't working there. it was a gas station in the wealthy philly suburbs, like 2 miles from kobe bryants high school, and it was the mid 80s.
john wall will be the next kevin durant. sucks they traded away gilbert arenas though. given a few years they might have actually been good.
just training to be a two-sport athlete. no biggie.
i think he's better suited to the job he has with the mets, than being a gm.  he always seemed like a guy who really understood the nuts and bolts of baseball and player development, but he was a little overwhelmed by the pr and ego-massaging aspect, saying the right things, and stuff like that (the stuff with adam dunn being an example).

put him in an office out of the reach of the media and let him do his thing.
some players throw footballs to warm up. currently arod does it (he used to play qb in high school) i've seen him toss it 75 yards on his backfoot from 3rd base all the way down to the 1st base line. him and roger clemens used to do it when they played together
see what i mean? the warriors are so sucky that you thought i was talking about the wizards. :(

just messing with you, of course, but you did have me very confused there for a second.
i rivalry requires competition, a give and take if you will. the last century of baseball has proven that this is indeed a massacre. the red sox will be the yankees rival the day ted williams walks out of the ice cream truck
this is the same franchise that has happily welcomed bobby bonilla, oliver perez, butch huskey, jj putz, luis castillo and paul loduca. their joy = your confidence
you actually went to rays games? you should do an iama. 
whoops, misread the line. yeah, your fucked for a while. i would just buy a blake griffin jersey now and become a clippers fan.
you're so right. cc sabathia and tom seaver will be after thoughts in ny after this colossal rotation of pelfrey/dickey/niese/chris young/ollie perez toes the rubber.

break up the mets
i'm not trying to knock crawford, but his .348 obp and minimal power is nothing major to lose at lf. jennings is a mega prospect. he alone can carry that lineup spot, lest we forget about the .obp machine known as manny splitting time with damon.

the rays are the most improved baseball team this off-season that no one is getting credit for. philly and boston share the major headlines; milwaukee and toronto made extremely savvy moves, but imo, tampa will come out the big winners. 

shocked nobody has claimed it yet.

the milwaukee brewers will win the nl. grienke will have a big 2nd half and finish with very strong numbers, but they'll pale in comparison to gallardo's #s. this is the year yovani realizes his king felix of the nl and destroys lineups.
los doyers
oh, wow, i didn't know that my team had to have the best rotation in baseball before i could criticize the yankees' shitty rotation.  my mistake.
this is coming from a fan of a team that happily welcomed jeff weaver, kevin brown, jason giambi, tony womack, jaret wright, carl pavano and jobber chamberlain.
oh wow. i didn't know my team had to have competent ownership/management to criticize the inbred, ponzi scheme kings out there in queens.
you can criticize the mets all day if you want.  get in line behind 4 million mets fans.

unlike yankee fans, we don't cry like bitches when someone criticizes our team in an open forum.
please, go on and tell me how rey ordonez and now jose reyes are better than derek jeter. i'm all ears.

go ahead. criticize all you want. we've got 27 trophies to cry on.
what about it?
&gt;please, go on and tell me how rey ordonez and now jose reyes are better than derek jeter. i'm all ears.

didn't you try to run this bullshit a few weeks ago?  it's just as stupid now.  no mets fans except the ones who play in your addled handicapped brain think rey ordonez was any good.  he was a piece of shit masquerading as a baseball player.

&gt;go ahead. criticize all you want. we've got 27 trophies to cry on.

then go cry on "your" 27 trophies instead of whining like a little girl in this group every time someone tries to discuss the yankees without performing a rim job on them.
i was trying to emphasize his point, about how the rivalry is one-sided in favor of the red sox.
i'll give you giambi and chamberlain. jobber was throwing gas and proved a dominant pitcher before his injury.

the others, we just prayed that cashman wasn't insane. turns out, brian cashman is incompetent, but of course, as a met fan, you're all to familiar with incompetent. 

lets get omar minaya on the horn and have him explain reupping oliver perez and luis castillo. bonus points for sandy alderson, a man who can't win squat without his buddies h g and h
just counting the days until the giants start their 56 year journey for the world series
in that case have an upvote
you a bandwagon met fan from the beltran striking out looking year?

the 2000 subway series year met fans were all aglow about how ordonez was far better than jeter. look it up. there is hours and hours of documented evidence of this.

si covered the mets if as the goat yet they were ultimately garbage - sorry -  but edgardo alfonzo ain't scaring anyone @ 3b. 

now we're into the reyes years, and factor in jose's age and jeter's experience, and many met idiots are spouting off about jose reyes &gt; jeter. sorry. doesn't work nor can any metric prove it, unless we're talking about 'most hyped ss that put up orlando hudsonesque offensive numbers while masquerading as franchise players.'

i mean this last line with no disrespect, but most met fans rally around david wright as their savior. sorry. i'd wager that larry jones at this stage will still out-produce that cream puff you have @ 3b. its a damned tragedy that the mets - a club with all the requisite financial resources - choose to squander an ace like johan santana by fortifying him with glorified aaa pitchers.
&gt;you a bandwagon met fan from the beltran striking out looking year?

no, i'm a season ticket holder for over 15 years and went to the playoffs in 1986.  grew up when it was an embarrassment to be a yankee fan.  (speaking of bandwagoning.)

&gt;the 2000 subway series year met fans were all aglow about how ordonez was far better than jeter. look it up. there is hours and hours of documented evidence of this.

oh good.  then it should be easy for you to post a link here showing one example of this.  if you can't, i'll just assume you concede that you were bullshitting.

&gt;now we're into the reyes years, and factor in jose's age and jeter's experience, and many met idiots are spouting off about jose reyes &gt; jeter. sorry. doesn't work nor can any metric prove it, unless we're talking about 'most hyped ss that put up orlando hudsonesque offensive numbers while masquerading as franchise players.'

reyes has had 2 seasons where he was the offensive equal or superior of jeter.  that's good, but he has to do it for 15 years before being compared to jeter.  again, i don't know of many people who do this, but if they do, they're just doing the same bullshit you do in this group: acting like meatheads blindly supporting their own team without thinking.

like when you said brett gardner was the best cf in baseball.

&gt;i mean this last line with no disrespect, but most met fans rally around david wright as their savior. sorry. i'd wager that larry jones at this stage will still out-produce that cream puff you have @ 3b. its a damned tragedy that the mets - a club with all the requisite financial resources - choose to squander an ace like johan santana by fortifying him with glorified aaa pitchers.

yeah, and it's a damned tragedy that a bunch of aaa pitchers outperformed the yankees' starting rotation last year.  how much did you pay for aa pitchers like ass jockey burnett?
[full article](http://www.beyondtheboxscore.com/2011/2/1/1963608/back-of-the-envelope-mets-shouldnt-bank-on-hitter-regress-to-improve#storyjump)

i think it's basically saying the 5 toronto hitters included in the sample were pretty unlucky last year and to expect improvement based on that. all the other numbers seem so small to me as to be not all that significant. 
upvote for having a good sense of humor.  you must have the wrong team logo by accident.  talk to the mods.
[here you go](http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/cover/featured/9706/index.htm)

go to wfan and listen now, you'll have ass clowns proclaiming reyes &gt; jeter.

brett gardner is not the best cf in baseball, but he is definitely worth more at his contract to a baseball club than carl crawford imo.

we pay aj burnett about what you pay for oliver perez; key difference, aj helped win a world series in ny. oliver perez hasn't done shit save for move a few extra forties in corona and on the 7 train.


as a 15 year season ticket holder, you ought to call fred wilpon up for some stock advice. i'm sure one of the numerous ponzi schemes he's a godfather in would love to take your money to pay the salary of the great jason bay. no reason to fret, fred wilpon is only being investigated by the sec, fbi, and cia. 
[aww](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=xrgd0gd0qne#t=31s)

i know this because i used to live right down the street, and every time i drove past it my mom would tell me "you know, i met dr j there". 

thanks, mom
exactly. what?
[tricks are cool, but they don't always help on the field](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7xzx946hwi)
sorry, one or two pictures doesn't erase baseball history :p
that's all i've been trying to say. thanks for chiming in
if you are looking for baseball info and analysis espn should be your last place to look. neyer leaving only makes them ever less important. doubly so since much of their crap is behind a paywall. 
don't forget w's. also key.
this guy sounds like one of the old school baseball scouts that could just "see" a good ballplayer based on how his face looked. don't need none of them fangled numbers. 
&gt;here you go

oh good, a cover of sports illustrated.

now you can link me to what you said you were going to link me to, which is proof of anyone saying that ordonez is better than jeter.  let's see it.

&gt;go to wfan and listen now, you'll have ass clowns proclaiming reyes &gt; jeter.

maybe they do.  i don't listen to that station, except if i'm in a car during a mets game.  because it's filled with meatheads talking shit.  some of the meatheads are mets fans and some are yankees fans.  i don't differentiate.  one of the great things about /r/baseball is that it's mostly free of that crap, except for a couple of assclowns.

if you ask me who i'd rather sign to a multi-year contract in 2011, it's reyes.  if you ask me who has had the better career, reyes has no place in that conversation yet.  jeter isn't the best ss in baseball by any stretch of the imagination, but longevity and consistency counts for a lot and reyes doesn't have that.

&gt;brett gardner is not the best cf in baseball, but he is definitely worth more at his contract to a baseball club than carl crawford imo.

true, and meaningless.  who cares who is worth more "at their contract"?  r.a. dickey is worth more at his contract than the entire yankees 3-4-5 is.  big effing deal.

&gt;we pay aj burnett about what you pay for oliver perez; key difference, aj helped win a world series in ny. oliver perez hasn't done shit save for move a few extra forties in corona and on the 7 train.

oh good, you're racist, too.  it's a trifecta.

&gt;as a 15 year season ticket holder, you ought to call fred wilpon up for some stock advice. i'm sure one of the numerous ponzi schemes he's a godfather in would love to take your money to pay the salary of the great jason bay. no reason to fret, fred wilpon is only being investigated by the sec, fbi, and cia.

and you think that wilpon being in financial trouble, possibly being forced to sell the team, would make a mets fan upset why?  we're practically dancing in the streets.
oh, i'm sorry.  i thought we were talking about things that happened in this century =d
would you please give me the white sox logo? thank you
honestly, i forget what most of the metrics mean all the time. so i find i can only handle so much saber in one article unless i really have the time and desire to learn about it.

but everyone has their own preference for how deep they can go with these things. seems like you don't like neyer more for this reason than anything else.

why not just appreciate sabermetrics for what it is? it's very much a work in-progress and not every stat is a homerun (figuratively). after all, we wouldn't even have some of these "basic stats" today without all the hard work these baseball nerds have already put in.
i know this isn't what you're looking for, but this is why it was ruled illegitimate: 

"each runner including the batter-runner may, without liability to be put out, advance three bases if a fielder deliberately throws his glove at and touches a fair ball. the ball is in play and the batter may advance to home base at his peril."
i can't see it being worth a ton, maybe you can get like $20 for it on ebay but i cannot see much more.  he wasn't a hall of famer and only a all star  2x of is 13 year career.

here are his stats

[blue moon odom](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/o/odombl01.shtml)

it's not gonna make you rich.
fine take the top ten uzr position players of any position and put them side by side with the top 10 fielding percentages of that same position. tell me what you find. i'm pretty sure your going to find the list looks very similar with a couple older and more out of shape individuals like jeter sneaking onto the top ten in fielding percentage. yet you can determine the worth of those players based on there age and conditioning level. 

uzr ends up being kind of pointless if you do what i said in my previous post. "you could probably stick with fielding percentage coupled with what you've seen out of a given player to give yourself a greater understanding of a players range."

off the top of my head with the knowledge i have of war i'm going to say you get maybe 1 more win out of howard then sanchez.....and yet that doesn't quite feel right because ryan howard just occupying a spot in the lineup has more of an effect than sanchez. his mere presence in a pitchers mind is heavier than that of gabby sanchez and yet that cannot be quantified. not to mention the obvious power numbers howard has over sanchez. take into account they both play first and have minimal defensive downside. i may be wrong on the war number because howard had a "down" year and gabby had a good one. yet no matter what the answer is i doubt it will sway anybody who has already made up there mind as to who in particular is the better player. 

when i say howard has 30 bombs and 110 rbis and gaby has 20 bombs and 80 rbi's. then proceed to say howard has a war of 3 to gaby's 2.1, of that information which is more telling as to who is the better player?

i could be wrong but i don't think anyone is going to point to war and go thats what i'm looking for. that's whats going to sway me into taking howard over sanchez in my fantasy draft next year or vice versa.


i like how you clowned on something you didn't understand after trying to clown on me for something you thought i didn't understand. ironic 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nerd_(sabermetrics)
couple other things:

a runner can be called out for interference if it is deemed he intentionally interferes with a batted or thrown ball. maybe the ump doesn't call it depending on how obvious prince is at what he's trying to do.

and based on his speed, he would probably have to leave so early that he's guessing how quickly the ball will be fielded and thrown to the plate anyways. no way he can do that 50% of the time.
that's exactly what i've been trying to get across. i do appreciate sabermetrics for what they are but find people(neyer &amp; others) who use them excessively to be the equivalent of a baseball wine snob or an overzealous movie critic. 

your last paragraph is spot on btw.
can't really disagree with you
this is cute
awesome! as a sf fan i think this is coolm and i do like the cubs.
man giants fans need more love on reddit.
you really cant beat the sf/la rivalry.
i argue that so much to my football friends.
you're right that isn't the language i used in the first post

i'll make sure to reword what i write next time so that kasutori_jack doesn't read far to deep into things in a weak attempt at trolling. 


i like how it's just "beer". i wonder if that's legit.

but if you're looking for funny names then rusty kuntz is my all-time favourite: http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/k/kuntzru01.shtml
man, now i see you're a giants fan, (can't see icons on my phone).  oh well.

but i wasn't trolling you, dude.  i'm not even sure how you could consider that trolling.  your post sounded like the comments on neyer's blog posts that show up all the time.  people complaining about how much neyer sucks or how they don't care about him.  people complaining about his use of stats.  i just don't understand why you would subject yourself to a blog that frequently bothered you.  it's not like baseball blogs are a rare commodity.

neyer has been a stat-head his entire career, as well.  it sounds like you're punishing yourself.  

for what it's worth neyer is the only espn writer i really enjoyed.  but i'm biased: i've met the guy several times in real life and attended one a's and one giants game with him.  in person, he's extremely humble almost to a fault and absurd baseball memory recall.  i've been reading him since he had a tiny blog covering the royals.
i wonder how many times he whacked himself in the leg or the hand. 
beltre threw his glove at the ball but missed. is that what you' re talking about? http://sports.yahoo.com/mlb/blog/big_league_stew/post/adrian-beltre-goes-back-to-sandlot-throws-glove?urn=mlb-90203
first, i didn't deny it was a rivalry...  but there is a clear, undeniable stronger team historically.

compared to the giants/dodgers rivalry it is very one sided, not as long running, and for that matter, did not move 3,000 miles and continue again.

the giants and dodgers first met in 1883.

yankees/redsox: 1901.

giants/dodgers winning pct: .503, (giants)  five zero three.  they are separated by twelve games.

yankees/redsox:  .545, (yankees) separated by nearly 200.

giants ws titles: 6

dodgers ws titles: 6

(just for fun they decided to tie in pennants, as well)

yankees ws titles:  a metric fuckton

redsox ws titles:  about 1/4 of that metric fuckton.

they are both significant american sports rivalries (i'd probably rank them #1 and #2) . . . but i gotta go with the giants/dodgers any day of the week.  shit, a giants fan was shot and killed by a dodger fan in 2003 in the dodger stadium parking lot.  and how many times has a player used his bat against another player's head in a fight -- how many times has that player been a hall of fame pitcher?

jackie robinson retired rather than play for the giants after a trade.  willie mays refused to sign with the dodgers instead going to the mets.  that's not really an argument though -- just anecdotes i like to think about.
giants fan here, super stoked about this, especially since the mariners under sweet lou got the nod as my al team when i lived in seattle!
dear giants,

smoke kools

sincerely,

sweet lou
fuck jeter.  hanley ramirez, tulowitzki, [i think alexi belongs here], reyes and stephen drew.
we'll just ignore it.
the yankees. :-d
the logo is quite elegant.  he is being downvoted because he is sub-human.
hear hear!
wow, not only was he a bastard but he was wrong. ted williams outlived him.
i can appreciate that perspective. there are many baseball stats that i do not think can stand on their own. in this situation the purpose of the stat is to stand on it own. it does not provide an insight into who is going to win a game. it does provide observation as to the serious nature of how a team compares in its tactic of either using power or the small ball game. as with any valuable stat you need to look at the series of information.
i'm not a racist, and you can't seriously be a met fan living in the tri-state area and honestly tell me you don't remember the ordonez/jeter comparisons. you're either full of shit or have alzheimer's. 

&gt;in anticipation of the 1996 season, new yorkers found themselves arguing over their next great shortstop: derek jeter or rey ordonez?

[here](http://msn.foxsports.com/mlb/story/derek-jeter-mlb-all-star-game-071210)
according to richard ben cramer's book, when the quake happened during the giants/a's world series, dimaggio demanded a police escort from the stadium back to his house in the marina so he could get some money. regardless of the truth of that story, he was really a terrible person.
i will forever blame cody ransom for the giants loss to the angels in the world series.
i would to have that mans baseball card.
"thats all we got, one god damn hit," uecker
"you cant say god damn on the air," monty
"dont worry, nobodys listening anyway," uecker
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
done.
when's the last time the dodgers even played in a ws? 22 years? ouch.
list of teams to win since the dodgers last did
a's, reds, twins, blue jays (x2), yankees (x5), braves, marlins (x2), d'backs, angels, red sox (x2), white sox, cardinals, phillies, giants.

edit: added the braves... and i was all proud of myself for remembering all the ws winners...
oh- and the giants and dodgers are both 6-12 all time in the ws.
forgot the braves in '95. 
marc hamburger and mayobanex acosta say, "fuck, we're in the minors. our names rule!"
&gt;i'm not a racist, 

no, you just think mexicans bought more beer in corona to drink while riding the 7 train because the mets re-signed ollie perez.

*eye roll*

&gt;and you can't seriously be a met fan living in the tri-state area and honestly tell me you don't remember the ordonez/jeter comparisons. 

the only people i ever heard compare the two at the time were meathead yankee fans claiming that mets fans claimed he was a great player.  i can't say no one ever said it, but i do know it was never a general consensus that a shitty player most mets fans hated was better than jeter.  in fact, one of the most annoying things about mets fans, imo, is that they bend over backwards to give extra credit to jeter, so that, as good as he is, he becomes overrated.

i have, however, heard yankee fans overinflate the abilities of jobber chamberlain and brett gardner, almost every day.  as a matter of fact as recently as yesterday in this very thread, by one very particular meathead.  in addition to thinking every yankee prospect that comes out of the pipeline is the next mickey mantle, like shane "piss boy" spencer, francisco cervelli and jobber.

almost all fans overhype their own players -- it's very rare to find a discussion group that frowns on hype and hysteria like this one -- and no one does it more than yankee "fans".

&gt;in anticipation of the 1996 season, new yorkers found themselves arguing over their next great shortstop:  derek jeter or rey ordonez?

someone writing it in a blog doesn't make it a fact, any more than you ranting about it on reddit.  people definitely overestimated his defensive abilities (he wasn't that great at that either), but jeter was an overhyped media darling since day 1.  this was never a real debate.
that makes 14 teams to win it all since the dodgers last did......
says the ump puncher....
nobody like grammar either
a cub fan and a english major.  i feel sorry for you.   
interesting. i'd bet that because of the size and weight, it prevents a pitcher from throwing too hard before his arm is ready.
i completely agree
come on, cant you pick up on the major league quotes?  


you should change your logo then.  
throwing a football helped me master the slider.
pacza makes some good points, but i agree with you, the yankees comments were out of the blue and irrelevant. i did what i could to try and even out the downvotes; after all, we were having a pretty reasonable discussion. no need to make it into something it isn't. 
wow really? know where i could read about what he was really like?
i think we all want that song playing in the background, whenever we enter a room.
oh, burn forever. well played.
the book's called "dimaggio", it's pretty good, not as good as "the last boy", about mantle. definitely go get that. and if you have time, "the big bam" is about babe ruth- the guy was like a mythical figure, paul bunyan style. 
did you not watch the 2009 season? 

-edit and i'm a sox fan. it's a been pretty well balanced
nothing will ever top [this guy](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/s/shockur01.shtml), imo.
ever try searching "roger maynard" on baseball-reference?
up your butt, jobu.
who denied it was a rivalry?  are you serious?
why?  they have the best center fielder in baseball, brett gardner, in left field.
you sayin' jesus christ can't hit a curveball?

yes, only english majors use punctuation and capitals.
*"psylocibin" tried to use "logical argument" in response to obvious satire.  it wans't very useful...*
great line, but it's "you sayin' jesus christ can't *hit* a curveball?"

another favorite: "hats for bats. keep bats warm." 
i want one of these.  also, the booze behind him looks tasty.  i gotta say though, that looks like a screengrab from the movie.  not calling anything, just saying its remarkably familiar.
ok, where can we get one?
i swear it is real. i have more pics. will post them later. i didn't create the statue, but i happened to come into contact with a guy who does create a few every so often. i specifically searched for years and it was not cheap to obtain, but it's extremely rare and close to my heart. 
always a fun series, the only problem is there are always more sox fans than padres fans.
i would be willing to get some contact info of some redditors and try and do my best to talk the gentleman into doing a run of 10 statues or so. i still have his contact info though i don't think he was planning to create any more for a while. the problem is that these things take an incredible amount of time to put together (you can tell just how much effort is put in by the quality and feel of the statue). the other issue is that it can get pricey.
"yo, bartender, jobu needs a refill."
do you know how to get an english major off of your porch? 

pay him for the pizza
the graph is trying to say what teams are expected to "bounce back" from below average years (according to a three year study of various stats) and which teams should have an overall regression in their lineup (due to batters overperforming or being lucky last year). 

so the jays' batters as a whole actually performed under what they should have according to 3-year average and should do better next year, the lineup's woba should increase by .046. the teams at the top overachieved and should see a small regression.
no, it likes them. it's actually saying both teams should perform (slightly) better next year.
that's awesome.  i mean, flat out awesome.  you did a great job setting up the jobu shrine, i am hugely envious.
i get worked up if someone calls matt cain overrated. that is one the buttons that if pushed gets me all pissy.
you guys need a new phrase.  
looks eerily similar to the image [posted in this article](http://www.27pitches.com/2010/07/get-out-your-cigars-and-rum-jobu-has-been-found/) from 6 months ago...

*suspicion rising*
but check it out! he can jump 60 inches!
my wife and her brothers are rabid padres fans.  also a lot of fans come out during series against the dodgers (personally i think their rivalry with la is cute).  hardcore padres fans do exist, but they are nowhere near as loud as us.
yeah honestly i'm liking the rays' chances, it's just the fanboy in me that's gonna miss him.  he was our only good player for years, it's gonna kill me to see him on the sox
that would be pretty cool. is [this](http://www.27pitches.com/2010/07/get-out-your-cigars-and-rum-jobu-has-been-found/) the guy you got it from?
that is the greatest thing these eyes have ever beheld, with the exception of return of the king in theatres.
"fuck you jobu, i do it myself"
christ harris, lets not start a holy war.
indeed it is. 
richard ben cramer's book is called "joe dimaggio: a hero's life". it is a total hit job, but ben cramer is a well-respected journalist and a decent writer.
sure didn't walk very well.
i posted that link. 
thanks. as promised, a couple pics: 

[one with a lighter](http://imgur.com/4w1rh) to give everyone an idea of size (it weighs about 6 lbs)

[one with my pug](http://i.imgur.com/gxf5v.jpg) seemingly giving a look of disapproval 
[duaner sanchez](http://www.dodgerblues.com/content/features_moments.html#sanchez) fits that description 
you know you might think about accepting jesus christ as your lord and savior.
 is very bad to steal jobu's rum. is very bad.
you no help me now...i say fuck you jobu.
i will upvote you every time we run into each other based on your username alone. 
stop swearing, jobu no like swear
you kick ass.  thank you very much.  now i am off to find good video footage of it!
lighten up francis. 
jeter is probably in the top 5. as much as stat heads overlook intangibles they do play a role in a teams success. 
you got their best years. it's royals and indians fans who should be sad.
fuck, you're right.
it is a commercial.
ha!

should i just *wooosh* myself?
35 out of 50. not as good as i had hoped.
of course he believes that, he plays on the same team!
&gt; "it does provide observation as to the serious nature of how a team compares in its tactic of either using power or the small ball game."

does it, though? a team can have the exact same amount of sacrifices/stolen bases year to year, but if they have more xbhs, it makes it seem as if they were "less" of a small ball team, which isn't necessarily true.

also, the ability to steal bases effectively (read: at a high percentage), not to mention in situations where the game is close or tied, is more indicative of a "small ball" team than just the counting numbers. 100 sbs with 10 cs is far better than 101 sbs with 40 cs.

i guess one of my biggest problems is how you linearly tie together 3 plate appearance outcomes and a baserunning outcome. i don't get how you make that jump.

&gt; as with any valuable stat you need to look at the series of information.

i'm not questioning that. i'm questioning why this stat is valuable, as it can very easily be misleading.
they did win the ws just a season ago with cc / aj / pettitte, so it's not like he's going off the reservation with a quote like this. it's just highly unlikely it happens in that fashion again.

also... what else is he supposed to say?
yes and watch the movie.  
i see, thanks for explaining. so the indians will be... about the same. fuck.
32/50. couple in there got me, like brandon roberts, and no adam dunn. who the hell is brandon roberts?
&gt; "fine take the top ten uzr position players of any position and put them side by side with the top 10 fielding percentages of that same position. tell me what you find."

challenge accepted...

rank - uzr / fielding % (in order 1 - 10)

* gardner / gutierrez
* torres / eckstein
* bruce / wells
* crawford / kotchman
* bourne / teixeira
* headley / pujols
* kouzmanoff / loney
* suzuki / fielder
* pagan / pierre
* zimmerman / cano

expanding it to 20, there's only one name in both (gardner, brett). i know it'd be nice if you could just go "i bet you field % works just fine!" but, sadly, it doesn't.

&gt; "you could probably stick with fielding percentage coupled with what you've seen out of a given player to give yourself a greater understanding of a players range."

too open to selection bias.

fielding percentage is a notoriously bad metric for evaluating actual defensive contribution. if you were to do anything, you should couple what you've seen with uzr.

&gt; not to mention the obvious power numbers howard has over sanchez.

war takes this into account. i don't know why you seem to imply it doesn't.

&gt; when i say howard has 30 bombs and 110 rbis and gaby has 20 bombs and 80 rbi's. then proceed to say howard has a war of 3 to gaby's 2.1, of that information which is more telling as to who is the better player?

that depends entirely on what you personally consider telling. war includes defensive contribution in addition to total offense, while hrs and rbis are two lone offensive metrics (not to mention rbis are completely situational). if you're looking for a statistic that is more "telling as to who is the better player", how could you go with rbis and hrs over war?

&gt; yet no matter what the answer is i doubt it will sway anybody who has already made up there mind as to who in particular is the better player.

that's not the point. it's about objectively determining value added. whether or not you choose to acknowledge that assessment is immaterial.

edit: formatting.
~~old.~~ it was a viral ad for gatorade or something like that.

edit: trying not to be the douche on the internet who calls everything "old."
i assume they messed up brian roberts from the baltimore orioles.
he deserved it.
because yes a non pitcher is who i want to evaluate a pitching staff. o and he is a yankee. totally a credible source. 
precisely.
ah, yes that does make more sense. still surprising though. somehow the orioles have a bunch of pretty dirty players. one day, they'll be good again!
obviously im being sarcastic...however if we all pool our resources together...
i know nobody in baseball takes them seriously, but the nationals are also going all in to win in 2011.
i think people are forgetting what a dog morgan is. honestly, best trade the pirates have made in, like, forever.
i can't believe someone down voted this, jobu will not look down kindly on your teams this season.
i think that your head is going to explode with rage after looking at this...

ryan howard: 2.0 war
gabby sanchez: 2.4 war

that is largely due to howard being a poor defender and sanchez been average but this is how something like war helps, it may be "common sense" that we think that howard is superior but not necessarily if you dig a little deeper. (war numbers are from fangraphs)
i would substitute woba for ops+ so the weights of things is accurate, no a huge improvement in accuracy but still one that can be done rather simply without much work.
ummm... willie mays is still alive. there was never a time dimaggio was better than mays.
the giants upped their payroll from $90 to $120 million... i realize they have ws revenue.. but thats about a 140% of last years payroll....
so cool.  thanks a bunch.
the nats are going all in to win... at least 81 games. which isn't actually a bad thing.
highest giants payroll ever.  yea!
we really should compile a list of great baseball books.

i'll start with 
moneyball (my first)

bullpen gospels (my favorite so far)

ball four (in the process of reading that, but the journal style throws me off sometimes, hopping back and forth from the past to current events)

thanks for making me feel like rob neyer, but here we go.

first off you used all players actively playing at all positions in the example which widens the field considerably instead of 3b or even just lf. i said to use players at the same position but you were trying to make a point, so i understand.

let's try ss as it is a very difficult position to field in baseball and is often where the best fielders are put

rank - uzr / fielding % 1-10

* b. ryan/ d. jeter
* a. ramirez/ c. izturis
* c. pennington/ t. tulowitzki
* s. drew/ s. drew
* t. tulowitzki/ o. cabrera
* a. gonzalez/ j. bartlett
* c. izturis/ e. andrus
* y. escobar/ a. ramirez
* a. escobar/ y. betancourt
* o. cabrera/ b. ryan

6/10 not bad. fairly close, and even the outliers are close. looks like comparing uzr to fieldling % ends up showing us something we already pretty much knew. also 2 out of the top 3 in uzr have (ramirez)20 and (pennington)25 errors respectively, they may have a greater number of attempts than the other players and yet the top 6 in fielding percentage would not have as many errors as either ramirez or pennington at the there rate of play. 

also ryan howards has a -12.6 uzr with a .990 fp and 14 e
gaby sanchez has a -.1 uzr with a .991 fp and 11 e

crazy crabbers says that gaby sanchez has a higher war than ryan howard. honestly if that doesn't raise some red flags i don't know what will.

forgive me but the discrepancy between the uzr and war numbers and the "standard" numbers are just a little too much for me. again i would take ryan howard over gaby sanchez every day of the week because quite frankly ryan howard wins more games than gaby sanchez. flat out. 

&gt;that's not the point. it's about objectively determining value added. whether or not you choose to acknowledge that assessment is immaterial.&lt;

i contest that there are far too many intangibles and complexities in the game of baseball to ever truly quantify a players value or the amount of wins he will contribute to a team. i will probably never endorse these increasingly ridiculous stats that boil down to over-analyzation, especially when it is generally very obvious who the good players/fielders/pitchers/baserunners are. due to my feelings on this, many of these sabermetrics stats feel entirely immaterial and essentially useless short of reinforcing what you already know

you have your opinion, i have mine

edit: information from fangraphs
in 1936 joe dimaggio was a 21 year old rookie putting up a .928 ops. willie mays was 5. i'll give the edge to dimaggio.

i agree with your point, though. i just love being an ass. :)
tell that to joe d when he was alive. he would punch you in the stomach too.

edit: then punch mays.
boof bonser will always get my vote for worst name.
uh, luck is an important thing to quantify. babip is quite useful.
&gt; also ryan howards has a -12.6 uzr with a .990 fp and 14 e gaby sanchez has a -.1 uzr with a .991 fp and 11 e

uzr incorporates three separate metrics (range / errors / double play - runs above average). their errr are very similar, as they should be (-2.4, -1.8 for howard/sanchez). the large discrepancy comes in their range runs, where howard was awful (-10.0).

&gt; crazy crabbers says that gaby sanchez has a higher war than ryan howard. honestly if that doesn't raise some red flags i don't know what will.

i'd just like to point out that it's not *inconceivable* gaby sanchez could be more valuable than ryan howard over the course of a single season, as you seem to imply it is. that's just the way things work.

&gt; again i would take ryan howard over gaby sanchez every day of the week because quite frankly ryan howard wins more games than gaby sanchez. flat out.

on average, no doubt about it. howard's been good for 4 war a season over the past 5 years and i'd trust his ability to produce moving forward over sanchez's without question. but last year, you might have wanted to have gaby sanchez. that's all war is saying.

&gt; i contest that there are far too many intangibles and complexities in the game of baseball to ever truly quantify a players value or the amount of wins he will contribute to a team.

if anything, the complexity of baseball (which you've readily admitted) would require similarly complex numbers to truly try and extract value. no one is saying the current algorithms are perfect, but they attempt to look deeper.

i'm not saying you need to believe in war as an absolute evaluation, but to try and dismiss it wholesale because it doesn't account for *everything* is just disingenuous. you recognize baseball is a complex sport, but your response is to trust your eyes and basic metrics to try and determine worth? that seems like an inappropriate response.

&gt; ...especially when it is generally very obvious who the good players/fielders/pitchers/baserunners are.

so you can see the good ones... what about everybody else? this is not a reason to stop trying to evaluate player production.

i'm not saying you need to buy into sabermetrics at all, i'm just saying your qualms, as you've presented them, are rather superficial. but whatever, to each his own.
babip is a stat i don't really mind, i don't feel it has anything to do with luck though.

i think it's a pretty solid way of determining how good a player is. 
nooo! i dont want all the losing he accumulated in chicago rubbing off on my giants. even though i'm a cubs fan as well.
the point of babip is that it's a measure of luck; it fluctuates from year to year seemingly at random.

the above is not strictly true (hence the existence of xbabip, the difference from which of babip is a better measure of luck), but it suffices.
manny is pretty much following the route of kenny powers. he had one thing really going for him (boston) now hes just being tossed around the mlb because he can hit slightly okay. i hope he retires broke and alone.
haha! that's an awesome name!
kinda rooting for the tigers to have a good season...it'd be good for baseball.
the difference is that the vast majority of nfl money comes from national ad revenue while mlb relies on ticket sales.  

it's a lot easier to divvy up ad money fairly.
well, there goes any chance of a repeat
poor polly. 

his noggin is gigantic though.
philly's dropping so many big names it should be illegal. i was hoping mo would get oswalt to come to stl. not quite sold on the brewers yet though. they'll have to prove they can play with the big kids.
i would pay a ridiculous sum of money for one of these.
i would to have that mans baseball card too.
sounds to me like it'll be a low key scouting job for florida teams, but hey, can't complain one bit.  go giants!
i'd buy one.  whatever it takes to win something for that poor city.  :(
you are absolutely right. this stat does not measure if you are a good or bad small ball or power team. that is not the point. this stat measures the outcome of a teams decision to be a small ball or power team. when a team decides to put together a lineup and practice small ball tactics they increase or decrease a teams ability to execute these stats. a team also decides what to do for each plate appearance. if they decide to manufacture runs than they either make decisions such as stealing bases. yes, your sb example is correct as far as how good a team is, but it forgets that the decision was to steal the base. this stat measures the decision of the team. that is why it is called a tactic. i am putting together other stats that measure the teams effectiveness. this is not that stat.
only got 21...but i attribute that to doing it early in the morning without coffee, and my inability to spell either "teixeira" or "youkillis". 
sir, may i have a wondeful ca angles logo, please and thanks!
this is me being jealous.  i have been looking for a jobu for my work desk for years, to no avail.
i am doing what i can to see if i can get a reddit run of these going. i can't promise anything, but i will definitely keep all interested in the loop. 
he reminds me of jim from the head. 
i am confident that an average salary of $8,253,336 contributes somewhat more to the yankees' success than *intangibles.*
can someone please explain to me, an under 30 baseball fan, what the hell this jobu thing is? google wasnt helpful
watch the movie "major league."  it's all explained in there.  if you don't want to watch it (and you're missing out if you don't, imho) there's a player on the cleveland indians who uses voodoo to hit better.  jobu is his mojo doll or whatever.  this is a made-up version of the indians, not a documentary.  at least as far as i know, i don't follow the indians.  
glad to see duensing appears have to a rotation spot on lock.
catfish hunter and coco crisp are awesome names.
duensing needs to go back to the pen.

edit: [nick](http://www.nickstwinsblog.com/2011/01/musical-chairs.html) sums up my thoughts on the matter better than i can.
as much as i hate to say it, i think blackburn will end up sitting. pavano of course will pitch, as will liriano and baker. i think duensing is gonna throw well this spring too. slowey is the other alternative, and it's a toss-up really... both are good in their own respects, but both are really hit and miss.
&gt;slowey pretty clearly has the best stuff and upside of the three, but he has also experienced the least success over the past couple years.

slowey is very hittable. he's competing for the 5th spot, not the 1st.
if i was ever at a game pitting hockey and baseball against each other i’d be all about the “go! baseball!”, but outside that i’ll stick with apparel for the team i actually support. 

i’m not saying that it’s a bad idea. just sort of random. a cap, though …
wow, what an excellent problem to have.  though it seems like with the injury history of some of these guys, the likelihood that at least one of them will miss some time makes this argument moot.
&gt;"the big bam"

hell yes! excellent book. 
but it's usually the team name or city across the chest of a baseball jersey, not the logo, like on a hockey sweater. having just "reddit" across the chest, say, might be a little boring.
i wouldn't wear a reddit jersey if you had a gun to my head.
it's all blue and downvote-y
i think we just figured out what the logo should be
here's my lame attempt:
[i suck at photoshop](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/_r1ihezwljoq/turqefayh0i/aaaaaaaaaru/nx9e9ma-78i/s912/baseball-jersey-1108.jpg)

i'm pretty sure he was goofing off but it's one of the many quirks that makes me love adrian beltre even if he's on a division rival. 
please do...that would be awesome.
it's a good thing we've got mark prior, bartolo colon and freddie garcia there to take his place.
this is such exciting news! i seriously thought he was coming back.
every time i see this map i wonder why mlb cannot get over its history and give las vegas a team.
duensing does not have his spot on lock.  gardy said he thought that was the case as the season was ending but with such a small supply of quality lefties, why wouldn't we put the guy with experience out there?  slowey would also be a nice fit out there because he can strike people out in a pinch.
made me realize what an amazing person babe ruth was. beer + hotdogs = 2 home runs the next day.
it's too bad you let kerry wood walk. you would have been a shoo-in for the 2002 world series.

edit: sorry, that might have been a little mean. i just wanted to join in on the sarcasm!
i'm surprised st. louis doesn't cover more area. for the longest time they were the only thing going from the mississippi to the rockies. 
that's an interesting mix going on in northern utah.
brett gardner was not just patient at the plate last year - he was *historically* patient at the plate last year.  he saw a whopping 4.62 pit/pa last season - as far as i can tell, *no one's ever done that* over a full season before.  (i combed every year available on baseball reference)

by year:

2009: jayson werth  - 4.51

2008: nick swisher - 4.51

2007: reggie willits - 4.44

2006: bobby abreu - 4.45

2005: bobby abreu - 4.39

2004: bobby abreu - 4.31

2003: brad wilkerson - 4.36

2002: adam dunn - 4.35

2001: jay bell - 4.27

2000: manny ramirez - 4.32

1999: jay bell - 4.38

1998: ricky henderson - 4.30

1997: jim thome - 4.45

1996: jim thome - 4.45

1995: ricky henderson - 4.38

1994: ricky henderson - 4.54

1993: mickey tettelton - 4.34

1992: mickey tettelton - 4.34

1991: ricky henderson - 4.39

1990: mickey tettelton - 4.45
well, those three, plus nova and mitre, will make good spring training competition for the two available spots.  at least it's not just handing it to nova and mitre.
before there were a lot of dedicated sports-only channels most cable providers had wgn out of chicago.  they used to broadcast cubs games.  that might explain the pockets of fans in idaho and new orleans.  (tnt used to show braves games, too.)
true
logo check
i really wish this map included canada.  aside from wanting to see a little jays love, it would be interesting to see where us teams spill north of the border. i know london to windsor has a huge number of tigers fans, and the mariners are popular in vancouver.
how do the braves not sellout
i agree but give the man at least some respect. he was a good player and he had the balls to admit doing steroids and still did well without them.
coooool. i always assumed i couldn't throw a football because i threw it like a baseball. guess i need to play more ball. /-:
he's tall enough.
i dunno, it cracks me up.
omg, i played the crap out of nhl 94!!! i guess i lucked out when i asked for a hockey game that year. 
winning run wasn't bad dude.
yep, so long andy, or as i call him, [ole jowly elbow](http://i.cdn.turner.com/sivault/multimedia/photo_gallery/0712/mlb.mitchell.report.confessions/images/pettitte.jpg)
bye, andy. thanks for all the memories.
countdown til /r/baseball is flooded with joe blanton rumors in 3,2,1...
seems like nike got it pretty close

http://strangemaps.files.wordpress.com/2007/08/835641802_ef422b12cf_b1.jpg
i never said it was. i just had no need for it, because i kept playing (and still occasionally play) presents. i only mentioned winning run because when most people i know refer to liking ken griffey baseball, that's the one they're talking about.
i'm in the camp that really doesn't care about steroids, hgh, greenies, and the like. this isn't to take take anything away from pettitte, but why is this the popular opinion in regards to his use? 

he was implicated in the mitchell report and admitted to taking hgh two times in 2002, and he said he only took it twice because he felt so gosh darn bad afterwards. and besides, it was only to come back from injury, which apparently makes it better because he cared so much about the team, you see. then, a year later, an affidavit reveals that pettitte also used hgh in 2004, but, pettitte assures us, it was only two shots in one day. and he was hurt. and, shucks, he felt really bad about it. what he did was no different than most other players - admit to what is proven and nothing more.

the problem i have with steroid zealots is that their standard is not applied consistently. use of steroids or hgh is only a big problem if we already didn't like you. bonds, clemens, rodriguez? assholes, cheats, liars, and worse. ortiz, pettitte, brian roberts? don't worry about guys, everybody makes mistakes.

why is it commonly believed that pettitte was forthright and honest with regards to his use? again, his use doesn't bother me as doctors and lawyers and students and firefighters and you get the point all use illegal performance enhancers everyday. 

but anyways, pettitte had a very good career worthy of praise, and as a sox fan, here's hoping he's really done.
see? we can all get along!
it's all in how burnett does. 
rangers country is far too large on that map.

i'm wondering how the move of our aaa club from okc to the roundrock express will effect the growth of the rangers fanbase in central texas.  i know several of my friends in austin sure are excited to see the express...
i think it was his throwing clemens under the bus that served to vindicate himself in the eyes of many baseball fans.  it made his sob story about only cheating a little bit somewhat more believable.
seasons in hell: with billy martin, whitey herzog and "the worst baseball team in history" - the 1973-1975 texas rangers
well this sucks. hopefully we can sign javy vazquez for a sp role. i'd like to see if we can pick up nick johnson for a dh if posada fails. maybe get randy wynn for backup of. thoughts?
i've been looking a list of great baseball books.  i will hear an interview by some author, hear them talk about the book... then completely forget the title or the author:(
what big balls by ac/dc?
gosh, i miss that old rangers logo
i don't think anyone in the yankees organization expected him to come back. if he wanted to come back, he wouldn't have needed so long to decide (he's not brett favre). yankees still have a strong 1-2 punch and hopefully burnett will bounce back and fill the #3 role well. nova can be a decent pitcher with a 3.50-4.00 era, which is all the yankees need to win ~50% of his starts. the 5th slot will be a competition in spring training, but how many teams have a great #5 pitcher.
maybe they could talk to glavine or maddux?
pedro is still out of work. can you imagine?
you win!
i was not not giving him respect. pettitte is one of the yankees i can actually stand. he was a hell of a player and enjoyable to watch when he isn't pitching against your team. and to actually admit doing steroids is admirable at a time when no one was.
this just in: yankees end search for a starter with playoff experience, in talks with steve avery.
white sox and tigers have been all-in every year for about a decade now.
and aggression.

and hatred.
prior probably shouldn't be included with the other two guys -- he's purely a relief option.
if nova has an era under 4.00 in the a.l. east, that makes him a very good pitcher, not a decent one.
solution: liriano for joba, straight up. any takers? no? okay, that's fair.
when i was about 7 or 8 i got my first autograph at a major league game from andy pettitte. as a little kid, that meant the world to me.  i'm going to miss him in the rotation, especially when the post season comes around.

thank you for all the memories.
just changed my initial downvote to an upvote, haha.
&gt; bonds, clemens, rodriguez? assholes, cheats, liars, and worse.

is this how most people feel about a-rod? i thought a lot of the vitriol towards bonds and clemens was because of the vehement denial in spite of overwhelming evidence. rodriguez at least admitted his usage and described it in detail.

david ortiz is still trying to find out just what exactly he tested positive for from the mlb. it's not his fault they haven't told him! oh and no one cares about brian roberts because he's on the orioles.

note: i really don't care about steroid use as a whole, but don't try to feed me bullshit about "i don't know what i took," or "i don't know what i tested positive for," or anything along those lines.
this could potentially be the break ruben was looking for...
i'd have a better a response if it weren't for this blood leaking from my ears...
can you imagine how smug he'll be?
i think it was ricky bo or mitch williams that summed him up as "terrible player, awesome gm". just remind me to never play cards with him. 
i can see us in the orange of the old houston astros jerseys. 

or the orioles jersey with blue sleeves instead of black. 
he's done a great job, but when he gives interviews, my skin just crawls.
i kinda enjoy hearing him speak in interviews. not because i enjoy smug interviews but that he reflects the complete cultural shift in the organisation. 
that's true. he does run a tight ship over there. and a shrewd one. 
he is *perfectly* suited to be a gm. he definitely can be smug, but shit, he's earned that right with me. 
could that patience lead to more caught-looking strikeouts? i could've sworn i read somewhere that he led the league in that, or maybe it was first-pitch strikes?
he said he has the best stuff and upside of the three. those three being blackburn, slowey, and duensing. i don't know how you can argue with that, he is the only one of the three even remotely capable of missing bats. slowey has posted a higher k/9 in the majors than duensings career k/9 (including minor leagues).

slowey has really only been hittable since his wrist surgery, and his peripheral stats suggest that he should bounce back fine this year.
you would say that.
you seem to have spelled your name wrong...
people are scared to go to games at turner field?
people are so mean to me here :[
slowey's ops per time facing opponent (473 innings): 

1st pa: .683
2nd pa: .774
3rd pa: .936
4th pa: 1.070

at least, you have to remove blackburn from the equation. blackburn put up 400+ innings 4.04 over 2 consecutive seasons (08-09) by mowing down guys in the 5-7th innings. duensing has shown similar promise. slowey has had his chances and always does terrible in middle innings. what good is a starter that comes with a long reliever tied to his hip? stick him in the pen where he only costs 1 roster spot.
yankees fan.

edit: rockon and i are friends. good friends. check out our subreddit at r/lookatmydog
really, if you live more than an hour away from the field, you probably aren't going to any week day or night games.  
rab has a nice gallery of [andy's career](http://riveraveblues.com/2011/02/images-of-andy-42371/)
yup, 48% of his strikes were caught-looking strikes (#1 in the league) and was 3rd in strikeouts looking (43%).  only 5% of gardner's strikes were swinging strikes (#4 in the league).  

he only swung at 31% of pitches (#1 in the league), made contact 90% of the time (#8 in the league) including 97.5% of time the pitch was in the strike zone (#2 in the league).  despite this, he only swung 44.7% (#1 in the league) the ball was in the zone and only 18.2% (3rd in the league) that the ball was out of the zone.

he only swung at 7% of first pitches (#1 in the league).  also lead the league in percentage of 3-1 counts seen (15%).  his first-strike percentage is distinctly average.
i don't look at steroids unless he has hit for a major record. i don't like a-rod because he comes off as a smug asshole not because of steroids.
... and because the mlbpa wouldn't let him take a paycut to play in boston, right?

i keed, i keed.
i'm perplexed as to why they put the twin cities in south dakota.
go white sox!
oh! that rangers book sounds good. since they are one of the better teams in the league now. everyone talks about how the royals and pirates suck, and they do, but they used to be really great teams back in those days of old...
we should update the alien of the sub reddit, but other than that i have a jersey for my team.
wtf?! is that real? he's got some wolverine elbows...
i remember that being a pretty sought after baseball card when i was a kid. thanks for the memories!
i am always surprised how much landscape the reds cover. were always told we are such a small market. 
meh... i don't like the blue and orange. i can stand orange or blue, but not the two together...
yes!
i know.  i wonder if dunn's defense offsets his offense for this.
it's not a big part of the culture. scratch that... it's not any part of the culture. because the surrounding area grew up on football (mainly college football, at that) they just don't care about the braves, no matter how good they are. i spend a decent amount of the year in atlanta, so i go to games when i can (got to go to a game last season in the opening series and watch my cubbies lose... no not the first game blowout), and the people just aren't into the game at all. and i know tons of natives who have never been to a game, nor do they plan on going. it just isn't their thing.
looking into if a pitcher with a lot of vertical movement on their fastball can have a lower then expected home run rate.
they didn't, that square is just identifying the color used. if that were noting where the city was they're all off, the west coast teams play in the pacific.
i thought tbs was the station that used to show braves games.
what's up with the angels and cubs fans in the new mexico/texas/mexican border area?
i wonder why they used the same color for multiple teams (fla, lad, and mil all use #34b25c, for instance). i was hoping to get easily separate all 30 teams.
does this mean brett gardner needs to watch his back for a gaby sanchez lariat?
hughes had a bad 2nd half last year (4.90 era, 1.341 whip, 6.6 k/9, 1.9 k/bb). he's far from a sure thing and a pretty weak #2 (while he has the potential to be a strong #2 it is just that, as he's never put together a good full season).

if nova puts up a 3.50-4.00 era he'll have had an excellent year (and i'll eat my hat). that's better than league average and better than what hughes put up last year (4.19). ny should be happy if nova puts up a 4.50.

ny has a great #1 and a bunch of question marks, with some (hughes) better than others. framing their rotation any other way is sugar-coating things.
the difference being duensing's success has been propped up by an unsustainable babip (especially for a gb pitcher), whereas slowey's hasn't. where did you get those ops stats btw, and can you get them for the other pitchers?
ah thanks for the clarification i didn't notice that.  tunnel vision applied. 
why does this remind me of the islanders' old [gorton's fisherman jersey?](http://www.nhluniforms.com/islanders/images/islanders16.png)
i think hughes' struggles were caused by mid-season fatigue. after building up his stamina last year, the yankees could rely on him late in the season by limiting his pitch count early in the year and rotating the bullpen to avoid overusing anyone. hughes has a big frame and should be able to handle the work load this year. 

i think 3.50-4.00 might be more of a target for nova in a few years, but 4.50 seems like a fair number this year for nova. i think he has a potential to get it lower, but then again he's in the al east.

the biggest question for me is burnett, though. he's either gonna have a 3.50 era with 200k's or a 5.00 era with 100 bbs, and i have a feeling it's going to be the latter. burnett has the stuff, but he can't seem to repeat his pitching motion every time. maybe changing pitching coaches will help, but right now we need to aim for the wc and trade montero for a (good) starter before his value has time to decrease. 
red sox nation taking over new york. fuck yeah.
adam jones @the_adam_jones he is pretty hilarious.
oh man, i wish.
isn't he insane? like, certifiable?
they actually did get the giants right. if you're from the area, you know how far back that goes with the coastal blowtorch radio stations and local partners.
tell you what, you can have blackburn. he will look pretty nice next to his $82.5 million twin.
to be fair, you have been around for a little while and spawned a couple of teams...
that is what makes it awesome.
i thought about the colours today and i came to realise something - this jersey screams futility. 

think about the mets. cool thing - "hey, in remembrance of the giants and dodgers, let's adopt those colours for our team."

this jersey is like the orioles and royals. that does not bode well. it's as if we're making a terrible, terrible homage to futility.
^helloooooooo....
leave it to bleacher report to report a complete non-story. 
excellent. i'm on board. i just wanted to check if i was thinking of the right guy. i gave him a follow.
that's kinda why i like duensing...he pitches to a lot of guys but isn't really a strike-em-out type. he could be really interesting going out there for 5-6 innings every 5th day. it doesn't make sense to use him in long relief because he can win games for you and in a pinch he isn't going to strike a ton of guys out.

i had him in a deep fantasy league last year. he was fun to watch (and a pleasant surprise since we count holds). i can really see him in the dog days of summer going out there and pitching efficient games.
that's a nice article, but i think it makes a great argument for duensing starting and slowey coming out in relief.

remember here - we're talking your back-of-the-rotation guy who may even get skipped a couple times a year. you want to develop slowey, so having him be able to throw the ball a couple times a week is good. he can strike people out, so he'll be able to come into a jam and work some magic from time to time.

at the end of the rotation, you really want a guy who is going to rest the staff. if duensing can get out there and be efficient, put some balls in play and use the defense well, you might get 7 innings out of him with a decent pitch count.

of course this is all conjecture. he could come out this spring and stink it up and slowey could be lights out and end up near the top of the rotation. but on paper, i'd rather go joba on slowey.
baseball-reference.com

everyone correctly expects a regression from duensing. everyone also seems to (incorrectly) assume a *progression* from slowey, and while his minor league career went well, in his mlb career there is no evidence to suggest he can be a successful starter. we have had 4 seasons now, that's plenty long to make a judgment. duensing otoh the jury is still out, and its unlikely his babip will regress to anywhere near slowey's career babip.
upvote for university of washington grad...
full list [here](http://www.gq.com/sports/lists/201102/25-coolest-athletes-of-all-time-covers).
for the love of god stop posting links to the bleacher report.
follow jose canseco.

http://twitter.com/#!/josecanseco

it is maybe the most hilarious/depressing thing i've ever read. he's basically broke, delusional, and relentlessly optimistic.

"i am 46 years old and at my age no human being can beat me in a long ball competition"

"and by the way i am completely steroid free but i have been testing some anti aging products for the last 3 years and wow they really work"
i've seen mention of his twitter meltdowns. i'll give him a follow. thanks!
it doesn't matter. they are both turner owned stations, hence the t.
i like logan morrison's... http://twitter.com/lomomarlins
me too. he's retweeted me once or twice. i also follow gaby sanchez. everyone else sucks i'm afraid.
they are worried about betting scandals.
as a proxy red sox fan, since they've been the best obstacle to the yankees winning over the last 15 years or so, i always smile when i see red sox fans around the city.
&gt; i've been wondering how sabathia is doing/feeling.

hungry?
the alien could be on the cap, like chief wahoo.  and on the left sleeve.
for the record, i liked the design of the gorton's fisherman jerseys.  on their own, they were pretty awesome.  but the fact that they wiped out islanders tradition and the fact that the islanders' jerseys were already awesome was what turned people off.
jose canseco is just so sad. i remember when i was a kid he was my favorite player(bash brothers days), now he's just a shell of a man.
hell no.
to put it lightly, the end of the 2006 nlcs is one of my favorite moments ever.
maybe they could move it somewhere that doesn't have ridiculously shitty weather.
nice crotch on the pants.
you wouldn't play without wearing a cup, would you?

i don't know what you're thinking ;-)
i am wondering why the majority of florida likes the marlins so much, especially considering the rays' last few years...
even as a cardinals fan i say no...
i've only ever played without a cup.  it probably helps that i'm a girl.
thanks!
i guess you could say we have been around the longest ;) 
he's been one of the most reliable pitchers in baseball for the better part of two decades.  unfortunately, reliability doesn't make people want to vote for you.
i love how he gets a pass for peds. it's ok to roid if you wear pinstripes i guess. (a-rod, giambi, pettitte)
i don't think it helped clemens too much.
because he spent most of his career in boston and the actual roiding happened when he was in canada
brian wilson just re-joined twitter again after deleting his account.  should be hilarious.  check it out @brianwilson38
yeah! i'm coming north with a small group for the festivities. we could meet in front of the park just over the bridge?
are you out of your mind, there would be a riot. 
pettitte has to keep a close eye on how moose fairs in the hof voting.  also many in the bbwaa won't vote for anybody that was connected to peds.
and didn't a-rod's roid adventure happen when he was with the rangers?  not too sure about that, please correct me if i'm wrong.
it's not as great as all the new phillies fans. it turns out they are *sooo* awesome. i was kicking it with some the other night. great bunch. they even picked up most of the tab, and bought a nice bottle for everyone to stay with when they left with some girls.  smooth talkers, that bunch. good looking guys who were macking a lot of girls. 

the only real dick part about them i kind of liked. they seem obsessed with dating the sons and sisters of met fans. i don't mind though, of course. that's pretty awesome imho. very charitable of them. better men, made of stronger stuff than me. 
lol no rage, just exasperation. 
mussina pitched on some decent orioles teams and some less than decent, then with the yankees after their terrific run through the late 90s into their steady but less stellar 2000s (9 of his 18 seasons he went to the playoffs). pettite played with the yanks during that stellar run, then was with a couple very good astros teams, then back with the yanks with their rebirth (13 of 16 seasons in the playoffs). even considering the fact that pettite was on better teams, his career winning percentage (.635) was basically equal to mussina's (.638). add on the fact that pettite didn't stay healthy enough (3055 ip against 3562 ip) to match mussina's numbers (240 against 270 wins, 2200 against 2800 ks), we don't even have to bring drogas into the mix. not only if mussina isn't in the hof, but if jack morris isn't in the the hof, then pettite shouldn't be. but then the bbwaa has proven itself to be completely unreliable, and will vote with hearts and practically any other body part before their heads.
i would love to see a new stadium, but just keep some of the features wrigley has. it would never happen though, riots would definitely ensue
you could pencil pettite in for 15 wins, and maybe you'd get lucky &amp; he'd have one of his 19-20 win seasons. that's reliable, but its not hof quality. what made pettite stand apart was the fact that he pitched as well in the postseason as he did in the regular season, where other pitchers may have worn out by that time (excepting el duque, he always came alive in october). now rag on sutton if you must, but he did the same as pettite for another six or seven seasons, and longevity is part of making someone a hofer.
this is clearly a troll, since the only time there's ever more than 12 teeth in the entire citizen's bank ballpark is when mets fans come in to see a road series.  =)

edit: although i did upvote you for using the phrase "kicking it".  it made me nostalgic to go watch the fresh prince on dvd to see people using it again.
of course arod will, more than likely, contend for some record, and because of his smugness and steroid use no one will rejoice.  in the end for baseball that sucks. thankfully the sox won't be paying for it because of mlbpa's forward thinking.
looks legit. plus i've found a new baseball site to read. thnx
thanks for the props. i gotta book to go do some shit, so i don't have time to get all up in the mix here. those motherfuckers were straight illin for real though. no doubt.  
...aaaaaaand we're fucked.
and ... nebraska?
apparently  =p
oh, he deleted it, but it was the hulk hogan song, "i'm an american", or whatever it's called. fantastic.
probably. mets radio guys referred to him as the big condominium, and he was kind of the reason we (the us) lost the world baseball classic. japan just hit to right field as much as possible.
thinking about it.  perhaps a cross-post to /r/sf?
yeah, it did. plus ... i don't think you could consider (afaik?) the only guy to still get *ster-oids, ster-oids* chants 70 games a year "getting a pass".
uhh he's playing for the phillies.  i don't think cliff lee would be like "oh, the team i'm playing for isn't better"
i'd like to see a study of the numbers on pettite in a what if. i know what-ifs don't get you in the hall, but out of sheer curiosity ...  i went into the last postseason with a feeling, though it never panned out.

i've always thought he pitched *better* in the postseason, and with as many starts as that guy had it should count. what i was really wondering though, was (no study, just a guess) if andy pettite went into the last postseason with a chance to go 3-0 or something, with a 1-2.5 era and have a legitimate shot at being called one of the best playoff pitchers of all time. 

i remember a game which almost single handedly nixed that. was it a head to head with lee? idk any more. i do remember thinking that it was possible to make the case, and then a start (two maybe this past year?) that nixed that idea. 
yeah, you're right.  i got them confused... they were (are) both turner owned.
that's stupid because it's on the register of historical sites (or whatever), and makes money just by existing. if the ricketts can't afford to pay for the place, sell the team.
the beer.  nothing better than a lazy summer day at busch stadium, enjoying a brew or two that you sneaked in before paying for one or two overpriced (but by that point tasty) budweisers.  ahhhhh...
damn right. even just a couple by the radio. by the way, whoever does the radio broadcasts for the cards is amazing. i listen to them all the time (mlb.tv).
giants win california!
it's such a weird, unconventional game when you compare it side-by-side with 99% of other sports. and yet, it's so chock full of tradition and completely ingrained in our culture.

its simultaneous weirdness and familiarity is what i find so endearing.


andy pettitte has been beyond just a reliable pitcher for 15 years. he's had several star seasons and every season has always been at least above average. and that's without considering what he's done in the postseason.

longevity is like obp, defense and numbers that don't end in two or more zeros: underrated by the hall. there is a serious case to be made that andy pettitte is not a hall of famer and the people making those cases are going to be heard loud and clear, but he also has a serious case for making the hall too, and those voices shouldn't be drowned out. even though they likely will. 

my opinion? i don't really care, but he certainly wouldn't lower the bar for future hall of famers. he's like the john olerud of pitchers.
someone needs to fix the map, it's a little hard to read. and fix the color scheme.
this is brutal for the colorblind :(
the *defense* has the ball. wat?
i have seen lots of sf giants fans in salt lake. i have not seen that many rockies fans here like the map shows.
i'll be there for ya, buddy.
i love baseball for too many reasons to write. i love the laid-back nature of the sport where you can sit and enjoy the game while also having a conversation with those around you, unlike football where 9/10 fans are drunk and obnoxious. at the same time, though, rivalry games are filled with so much energy from the crowd that you could power vegas for a week with it.  i love baseball because the players come in all shapes and sizes. almost everyone can relate to a player and think "that could be me down there..." i love baseball because of the amount of games played. you don't have to wait three or four or seven days to see your team play. i love baseball because there is no clock and the game will last forever as long as a team (preferably your team, ha) keeps their rally going. i love baseball because it is the greatest game ever conceived. 
most negative karma?  i wouldn't want to interfere with setting a record...  here, have a downvote on the house.
it's a way of life in stl. hockey always packs the house, football depends on the year and a lot of luck, but baseball makes the world go round in eastern missouri. especially with the new stadium and the sweeping skyline,  views, the giant stan musial statue at the main entrance, the shape of the arch mowed into the outfield grass, getting sunburn that matches my shirt, and the sheer vibrancy downtown before and after games. even the obnoxious cubs fans that put their blue hats and white 'w' flags on the jack buck statue (and to be honest, i'm guilty of putting my cardinals hat on the harry caray statue outside wrigley). they say st. louis is baseball heaven, and for good reason. no gimmicks like waterslides, trains, apples, bells, retractable roofs or giant baseball gloves, just good old fashioned outdoor summer hardball. even though most people hate tlr nowadays, if he comes out to argue anything, he still always has 40,000+ right behind him. consistently stellar atmosphere, mostly stellar baseball. 4th of july at the ballpark is one of my absolute favorite things about this city. life is great here between april and october.


edit: pujols &gt;&gt; votto, but votto still deserved mvp

re-edit: jack buck statue, jack buck! oh god, i feel like i need to take a shower and go to church...
it matters to me.
so much to write.  but one thing to note is i like all baseball, not just mlb.  sure, i follow my tigers pretty close, but i can drive to any high school field and watch 18 year olds play it out.  i love figuring out who are the players, who are the weak links, and which pitcher has the advantage.  i can also watch college ball and all sorts of minor league play.  the game is relaxed and super stressful at the same time.  you can tune in only to the big picture and follow the score, or you can closely follow the game within the game, which is the constant struggle between the pitcher, his catcher, and the hitter.  that struggle can be compelling at any level.  
there's an old joke in st. louis that the best way to watch a cardinals game outside the ballpark is to mute the tv broadcast and turn on the radio. dan mclaughlin and al hrabosky on tv get a little tedious to listen to sometimes, though dan's home run calls are fun, and it's amusing when dan makes fun of al when al starts telling stories and runs himself off on a tangent. mike shannon and john rooney are pure quality, in spite of all of mike's corny jokes.
then they tried to shine a laser in your eye, right?
it's hard to discern a lot of colors, it's hard to tell if new orleans is cards or cubs, and it looks to me like the giants, rangers, d-backs and orioles are all the same color. or maybe i'm just colorblind x_x
i love baseball for the what ifs. what if this ball is hit in the gap can the runner on first score? can the left fielder cut it off before the wall? what if it is hit to the middle infielders, can they turn two? will the batter even make contact? with the pitcher throw over to keep the runner honest? i love baseball because so matter where you are, what colors you wear, you can always find someone who is friendly and willing to chat about the game with. i love the traditions of game with the 7th inning stretch, the don't talk about a no-no, etc. i love the fact that the ballpark is family friendly and you can bring your whole family to the game yet at the same time you can heckle millionaire athletes and those who want to be millionaire athletes someday, as long as its family friendly. most of all though i love the timelessness of it. i love the fact that no matter how good you are, you will never be as good as a ghost. i love the fact that you can fail 3/10 times and still be considered one of the best at your craft. i love the second chances. ok, i need to stop now its getting late.
in a world where the phrase "true yankee" gets thrown around way too much, this guy is a true yankee in the classic sense - top-level performer, class act all the way. as far as i'm concerned, if i'm picking a face of the franchise for the past ten years, it's gotta be andy. enjoy your millions of dollars, man.
i dont think he gets a pass for wearing pinstripes, especially with how many people hate the pinstripes.  he got a slap on the wrist because he came out and admitted it right away and said it was for recovery only

giambi and arod sure as hell havent gotten passes
anyone else think its easier to consistently get 15 wins when you have the yankees offense behind you?
the chronicle estimates 40,000 people (that is to say, way too many).
i've always found @tdaddyneal particularly fun, but i suppose that non-giants fans wouldn't care.
&gt;i love the fact that no matter how good you are, you will never be as good as a ghost.

that's the best thing i've ever read. 
giants and dodgers colors together is an abomination.
just how i like my ships run.
i love baseball because it's an escape from everything else in life.  when i'm at the jake (that's it's name), i forget everything going on outside of it.  

i love every spring -- the hopefulness of each new season.  i love the smell of the stadium.  i love that there's a game every day. i love the superstitions.  edit:  among other things!

p.s. thank you for giving choo a shout-out and it's indians vs. tigers for me. 
i honestly love a duel. a good game has several, and that's what draws me in.
i love baseball compared to other sports (especially over the last year) because compared to hockey, basketball, football and soccer, all of the athletes are accessible, they talk to you, you get memorabilia, and you get the chance to criticize the player and have him hear you. you get into the game if you want, or you can sit back and appreciate the fundamentals.
hard for me to pinpoint what baseball has that other sports don't. suffice it to say that baseball is my favorite sport. 

some of my fondest memories were my summer commutes back home, the muggy florida weather no match for driving with the windows rolled down, with the wind on my face, catching the last few innings of the game on the radio, and getting dinner at a drive through somewhere. i've had some shitty summer days in my life. that 45 minute commute with the ballgame on the radio was all i looked forward to all day
i don't want to repeat a lot of the reasons already listed in these comments so here are a few more that i haven't see posted.

* no clock, the clock is a non-issue for a comeback.

* fair walk-offs.  the visiting team had their chance the previous half inning.  nfl football and the nhl allow 'walkoffs' in overtime.  complete bullshit to me (i could rant for hours how sudden death/golden goal goes against the very concept of a fair game)

* season longer than off season

* the tension.  any baseball game is 10x more tense than most other sports, even though they are at a faster pace.
the worst team in the league can still win 50+ games. as a nationals fan i appreciate this. 

edit: for example i went to three washington vs philly games at nationals stadium last season. and we won two out of three of them. i love baseball because even though we will never win a series against the phillies i got lucky and was able to see my team beat one of the best teams in baseball
i want to start this by saying that, until about 5 years ago, i was that person saying how baseball was the most ridiculous, boring, stupid game ever, and having no patience for anyone who argued in its favor.  since then, i have been taken to games by people who know what's going on, and i've fallen in love with the game.  it wasn't immediate - for the first few years, i was just sort of amused by it, but with no real emotional attachment.  this last season, though - and i say this as a phillies fan - i've drunk the kool-aid, and i think baseball is amazing.

  i'm not a team player myself, so i love that the game is, in a sense, a series of individual stand-offs as much as it is a team effort.  it's the quiet communication between two or three players at a time, brought to bear on 18 (?) guys active on the field.  pitcher and catcher in communication.  pitcher and batter in competition.  those are the obvious ones, but also how fielders manage to balance doing their thing with being there for each other.

  i love that the rules are insanely complicated and occasionally ridiculous, and that that allows for some truly obsessive statistics.  my goal this year is to keep full stats on all the phillies games.  (this will be tricky, as my other goal is finishing this dissertation and phd...)  

  i love that the players, generally speaking, are pretty down-to-earth guys who just really love the game, and as often as not don't get caught up in the wealth and fame.  i love that there is still a level of civility and respect on the field, most of the time, that is often absent from other sports.  

  i love ryan howard on first base, making it look so easy, always keeping his cool and being understated.  i totally, completely forgive him for that last strike against the giants.

  i wish i had come to this sooner.  my grandfather used to listen to games on his short-wave, and i just never got interested.  i wish now i had memories of us at the stadium together.  

  i sound so corny, but i mean it :)   i'm really glad i realized how interesting baseball is, even if it did take this long, and it doesn't hurt that my team is pretty darn solid...

telling us what we already know, even god hates the cubs.
listening to the game on the radio on a hot summer night.

all my childhood memories seem to be narrated by [jacques doucet's smooth warm voice](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ibngqevup4).

i love that this sport can satisfy my history geek's needs

i love this sport where a good recruitment staff can be worth more than a 150m$ roster payroll.

i love the diversity and beauty of the fields we play this game on. and so many more things.
no fucking way the nationals have that many fans south of dc
swing and a miss. it's over folks.
i was kinda hoping that gibson kid the twins have waiting in the wings would work his way in to the rotation somehow during spring training.  he's been pretty lights out in the minors, went from single a all the way to aaa in one season and performed very well at each stop.

1) pavano (r)

2) liriano (l)

3) baker (r)

4) duensing (l)

5) gibson (r)



slowey (r - 7th/8th inning?) and blackburn (r - long relief) go to the pen. i suppose you could flip slowey and duensing depending on their performance in spring training. but i picked slowey for the pen to keep the righty/lefty/righty thing going with the starting rotation since i belive pavano will be our opening day starter.


having those two in the bullpen would bring me (personally) a lot of relief because honestly our bullpen is pretty scary/unknown at the moment. not knowing if nathan will perform up to standards, etc.


anyway, i'm super pumped for the season to begin! especially to see how the middle infield shapes up during spring training.

1) span

2) nishioka

3) mauer

4) morneau  (hope he's healthy!)

5) thome/kubel

6) young

7) cuddyer

8) valencia

9) casilla


*drool*
to me, blackburn seems useless out of the pen.
blackburn seems useless out of the pen.. 

he just has not pitched out of there.. my guess is that while b-dunce deserves it more then any other pitcher.. the realization that nicky b can't change a routine to save his soul will be the demise of brians starting chances with the twins.  
lomo loves to reply to his followers too, he does it a lot. he'll even take the time during the season.
shame he had some much left in the tank. even without the hard stuff, he could still control the zone pretty well. he doesn't even look too old (brett favre). 

he should've given it one last go.
the fact that there's no timer.

the fact that there's a million ways to score - the slow build of three straight singles oe the sudden eruption of a home run. every run feels different.

the fact that it's an outdoor sport. nothing, nothing nothing beats sitting at the park and watching the sun set out over right field. nothing.
i love that laid back nature, that you can come home after a long day and plop yourself in front of the tv and fall asleep by the top of the third.

and tomorrow's yet over day; it's no big deal you slept through the last game.
i love the minor leagues.  i love that when it's been a while since your last paycheck, you can skip the local mlb game and plop down $10 for a seat right behind home plate and watch essentially the same game.
the stadium is smaller, but you notice your neighbors' faces more easily.  the park is a way off the highway, but parking is $2.  the outfield ads are for companies you've never heard of, but you know they're from around here.  everything is different, but from foul line to foul line it's completely familiar.
http://twitter.com/#!/espy_teahen

mark teahen's dog tweets about him
oh god, what i would give for a full season of morneau healthy, and for cuddy to be able to play in right where he is so dominant.
see my comment on allanscu's thread below.

edit: tl;dr i do.
i'm pretty sure post-season performance does weigh on the minds of hof voters even if it isn't openly talked about.

we'll see a really interesting debate when schilling comes up for election.  a lot of his notoriety rests on his postseason work.
well, yes, which is one reason why the value of wins in the public's and voter's mind has dropped considerably in the past ten years.
a rising fastball should just be called a fastball with little to no movement (since it doesn't rise), but i guess that's an argument for a different day.

good read.
although the game is increasingly driven by probabilities and stastics, these are people, and weird things happen.  dudes who you never heard of light up the league for a few weeks and are never heard from again, all-starts go into inexplicable funks, "routine" plays sometimes become an adventure.  most of all, its the human factor.  if a pitcher truly could repeat his motion precisely every time and always have pinpoint control, then this game would be more robotic.  but even the best pitchers are not so precise, or so consistently so.  it's a game of adjustments, of small ball, of boys and men, but most of all, it's a metaphor for life - you should always run it out to first base, never take the routine grounder for granted, errors happen and you'll have to overcome them (just don't make the same one over and over), you'll get hosed by bad calls sometimes, learn to deal with it.  see the big picture and manage the season, not just the game.   know you will sometimes lose despite your best effort, but remember, there's always tomorrow. you only have 27 outs, spend them wisely, leave it all out on the field, earn your opponent's respect, cherish the game and teach the kids how to play it right. 
i love baseball because of the moments. like someone else posted earlier, the way the moments build up in baseball is like nothing else. from walk-off hits to bases-loaded full-count strike outs, it's all about the build up to that magical moment when something unlikely happens. 

your in love with jeter.  at least have the common decency to give him a reacharound.  
i've always liked playing baseball, starting out in little leagues.

but i never loved baseball until 6th grade. our coach, who was also the head of the school, loved baseball. he taught me most of what i know in terms of how the game should be played, and it always made an impact on me.

also, baseball as a mathematical sport is fascinating. how come it takes nearly the exact same amount of time for a pitcher to throw a fastball and for the catcher to the throw it to second base...as it does for a baserunner to go from 1st to 2nd on a steal?

many more reasons, obviously. i'll have to write them all down eventually.
hell yeah! i went to school in st louis, and i loved busch stadium. i went to 4 games in the old stadium and 8 in the new, and it was always a fantastic place to be.

fenway's pretty great, too.
it would be rising if gravity where not pulling it down, but you're right the name isn't quite right but there are bunch of different kinds of fastballs out there.
i love it because the teams are playing against each other, not a clock.  it is the perfect match-up in all of sports for proving one's self competitively.  no player can hide.    
i'm so jealous of your stadium.  seems like most of the crowd at a braves game is there for the stupid hd screen or tooner field, or just about anything else turner field offers that has nothing to do with baseball.  
olerud fell off the hof ballot his first year.
the hall of very good welcomes its newest member, andy pettitte.
damn it, guys.  it's february 4th.  why we gotta do this to ourselves?
i love baseball for the stories. all the player-specific subplots leading up to a game. the ups and downs of the game itself. every game contributing to the story of the season. the seasons blending together to write the overall story of the team. each team adding a little bit to the story of baseball itself.
done.
*gasp* i found you. 
awesome! 

you rock!
you guys are so eloquent.. *sniff*
i like the overall calculus involved in the game. you take the human element in an emotional situation and can enjoy being a stat-whore rotisserie geek all at the same time.
i won't echo the technical aspects that have already been posted, although i do certainly love the aesthetics of the game.


but i also love how baseball *is* summer, games start around the first time you need to mow your lawn and it seems like the rest of the season is a heady mix of cut grass smell, cold beer taste and the sound of john sterling's voice. there's the experience of going to a park and always being surprised by how mindblowingly far the outfield wall is from home plate. and the sunburned face you try so hard to avoid by pulling your hat low or the rainstorms you sit and weather in garbage bags you took from the men's room because "it'll probably pass" or the night games you are surprised that you wished you brought a sweatshirt to because "it's fucking july, isn't it?"


and, to the same effect, once the post season race rolls around and players are starting to wear under armor at night games and you can see clouds of mariano's breath as he closes the 9th you start to realize that you will be missing something until the following february when your heart skips a beat when you read "pitchers and catchers report."
you fail 70% of the time and become a hall of famer. the sport contains everything that defines perserverance. and i love summer!
i love that there's no timelimit... for example if the jets are down by three touchdowns with 2 minutes left there's almost no way for them to comeback may as well turn it off in baseball it's not over until the last out.  it's the suspense that anything can happen that i love
haha, i just wrote my reply and immediately got so depressed.
busch stadium is church, brother!
the drama.  it is all about the drama.  whether your team is up or down, the other team is never really out of it until that final out.  

mid-july, the smell of the grass, hotdogs, beer.
or we could stop feeding this asshole the attention he craves.
who's that, michael cadaver?
he also spells his girlfriend's name several different ways.  
the tension is what does it for me.  any moment could be a game-changer, and you hope it is...  i love the hope and the tension it creates for me.  honestly, the only time i felt even a similar sense of it was watching world cup last summer...
pettitte lost to lee last year, but it wasn't because of his pitching.  he allowed 2 runs in the first, and that was it.
exactly, he used them briefly to recover while they were legal and he owned up almost immediately (a day or two after the report was released iirc). aroid and clemens had much less reasonable excuses and tried to cover it up for years.
my dad.

when i was a kid, playing catch and watching games on tv was daddy-daughter bonding time. as i grew up, he started quizzing me on history, what players would (or should) do and why, explained what all the numbers meant, taught me how to keep score, took me out to games in person. i grew to have a genuine love of the game -- and everything that everyone else has listed (this thread has made me nod like a bobblehead giveaway) -- but that also came through my dad teaching me, and without his influence, i probably wouldn't have come to it on my own.

baseball also has a lot of numbers and statistics, which i love on my own, so one feeds the other. it follows that keeping score is one of my favorite things to do. i used to keep score for my brother's little league teams, and have updated stat sheets ready for the boys before every game. they loved tracking their progress, i loved playing with a calculator, and my dad (one of the coaches) liked that it was easier to determine who needed to work on what during practice.

i also love the folklore and superstition.
&gt; you can **fail** 3/10 times and still be considered one of the best at your craft

i'd love to meet the guy who hit .700.
did you find me?
i wouldn't exactly say considerably, since it did take blyleven like 90 years to get voted into the hof.
oh another thing i've been enjoying is finding twitter accounts of prospects in the phillies farm system, and having talks with them. it's actually pretty interesting, and since they only have like 500 followers, they're happy to talk to you. 

edit: for you phillies fans, @jakeborup @justindefratus @jarredcosart are all very cool dudes.
must be from cleveland
if there was a hall of very good, i think pettitte would be a lock.  he just has never done anything truly remarkable beyond having a really solid, consistent career (all while being on some really good baseball teams).
damnit, i hate when i do that. i meant 7/10.
several different girlfriends perhaps? once a cheater, always a cheater...
[never took a play off, always played hard...](http://www.bestsportsphotos.com/images/t_17459_07.jpg)  i was lucky to grow up watching these guys.
* watching or listening to almost every cardinals game in 2006, and after they won the ws, calling my dad while the both of us just laughed out of joy for a solid five minutes.

* driving around with the windows down, and the game on real loud.

* scouring baseball-reference.com to compare players, and remembering things they did.  

* rick ankiel's first game back in the big leagues as an outfielder.

* the back and forth see-saw rhythm of the game.

* examining the nuances of a batter's stance, a pitcher's throw, or how the players lean over the dugout rail in late innings.

when the yankees signed a-rod i was stoked that the homerun record was probably going to come back to a yankee. the * ruined that hope for me initially, but now, looking at his numbers, i don't know that he'll make it anyway. he's a 613 now, so 150 away from a record. he peaked at 57 all the way back in 2002 and had a brief resurgence in 2007 with 54. the past 3 years he's hit 35, 30 and 30. assuming (since he is now post-hip surgery a-rod) that this is around where he'll peak for the rest of his career, he would need to play at least 4-5 more years, but i would assume more.


this isn't to say it's impossible, i wouldn't be blown away if he does break the record (though, like i said, the * ruins it for me) but i also wouldn't bet on it.
don't diss the retractable roof. no rain delays in seattle is awesome.
you appreciate that the pirates can still win 50 games?
you're a phillies fan, it would be better if you remained lost. 
wow, you're such a sunny and positive individual! 

why on earth would you ever wish that on someone?
good, don't let the door hit you on the way out! 

am glad to not be paying for his garbage anymore.
i found similar things within the giants organization. as n-i-c said above thomas neal @tdaddyneal is good, darren ford @darrunford (not very active), @soncaballos (ehire adrianza) is a giants short stop prospect, @wheelerpro45 zach wheeler giants top pitching prospect, @esurkamp eric surkamp another interesting pitching prospect, and @mik3sand0val mike sandoval (pablo's brother) this is mostly spanish.

among the big leaguers: 

@sergioromo54 is pretty funny there is an account that is set up as his beard that he has had convos with.

@pandoval48 (pablo sandoval) you've got to be up on your spanish or just be willing to use google translator.

@brianwilson38 just re-joined, so if you are into his shtick you would like following him. 
i love it for so many reasons but i'll try:
there's no clock.  each team gets an equal opportunity to win the game and no matter the situation, the game is never over until the final out in the ninth inning, unlike some other sports where even if there's a bit of time left the game could be over already.
the numbers.  some get a little ridiculous (batting average on saturday day games against left handed divisional pitchers in a dome), but somebody took the time to research it.
the records.  other sports have their records (passing yards, scoring titles, most goals all time) but baseball trumps them all.  cal ripken's consecutive game streak, dimaggio's hit streak, rose's hit record, maris's home run record (i won't get into the steroid issue), henderson's all time steals.  those records will forever be chased and make the game special.
the hof.  it takes something great to get yourself there and the debates of who goes and who doesn't will always be a topic among friends.  just at the mention of his retirement the debates have begun over andy pettite and i love it.
one more before i make this too long: as a phillies fan it pains me to say this but...the yankees.  love them or hate them they make the game interesting.  i had the privilege of going to a game before the old stadium was torn down and it was amazing.  the history and tradition of that team.  no names on the uniforms, the pinstripes, the great teams from over the years, i could go on and on.

that's why i love baseball. 
&gt;but one thing to note is i like all baseball, not just mlb.

the little league world series is just as exciting to me as the mlb playoffs. i watch as many games as possible every year. i hear people say that college sports are more pure than professional sports, and while i don't totally understand that i do sort of understand it because of my love for ll baseball. 

i actually got to travel to williamsport (for work) where the ll world series is held. while i was there i grabbed a lunch to go and went and ate in the parking lot looking out at the empty fields. for some reason it felt like home, and at the same time a deeply religious place. a place where so many kids from all over the world have lived out their dreams, and a place that i dreamed of playing as a kid. i was at a pretty low point in my life during that time, and that is one of the few fond memories i have of those years. it's weird to say that because i did nothing and nothing really happened. i just saw a baseball field and ate a crappy cheeseburger, but just being there made me happy at a time when pretty much nothing made me happy. i guess that's why i love this game... because i've always loved it.

on a side note... i'm pretty sure the grounds crew thought i would be on the next episode of 'to catch a predator' with chris hansen, but i didn't care. 
the pitcher vs batter battle is what does it for me. i also love that each pitcher has a unique way of delivering the ball. i don't think people appreciate just how hard it is to hit the ball. i also give big credit to the announcers on television and radio, their wealth of knowledge makes the game even more fun.
[michael cuddyer](www.twitter.com/mcuddy5) is pretty good
because *everything* matters in every game of the season.  any time someone says "oh, it's only may, don't worry"... i want to slap them.  if you aren't hustling in april to turn that single into a double, your team could miss the playoffs.  just ask the twins who played 163 games two years in a row.  every pitch, every hit, every out, every *play* matters.

also, no time limits and each team has just as many chances to make something happen as the other.
i could see that, in places like seattle where it rains a lot anyway. i just don't like the synthetic, boxy feel you get when you see places like minute made and rogers centre. safeco field is a little better in that they at least seem to offer some kind of view, but a lot of the new ones, like miller park, are just boxes with four sides and no roof when open, so i don't see the point. i'll sacrifice not having rain delays for the wide open spaces of new busch
[jack buck's call](http://www.brinked.com/ozzie-smiths-85-homerun-go-crazy-folks-m-64918.html)
*zing*
if you were at the game, i'm ultra jelly. i miss the good ol days at old busch, but the new days aren't half bad either
baltimore baby!
if i was a brewers fan i would absolutely rock that shirt.
*florida* marlins, *tampa bay* rays. it's science.
especially for the color blind. it was hard for me to tell the mets/phillies colors apart.
correct. i don't know how long pettitte will be on the ballot but like olerud, he probably won't get as much consideration as he deserves, but he might not deserve to actually get in anyway.
&gt; it's not as great as all the new phillies fans.

hey hey hey, at least we stay for the entire game.
we're going to spring training. :-p
and the only time there's more than 12 people in citi field is when the phillies play there =)
i wish! i've never had the good fortune of attending a playoff game at busch. i was in my living room watching the baby blues. i love the new stadium but i do miss the old busch.
how is this confusing? basketball + football = offense controls possession of the instrument [i.e. ball]
i'm one also! i don't have a logo though.  i'm real. i'm a real one.  someone get me a logo!
well said, couldn't have said it better myself!
growing up i was never a huge baseball fan.  sure, i rooted for the giants or a's just because they're local, but that was about the extent of it.

it was my grandpa who was the big giants fan.  after the death of my grandma, we took care of him as he spiraled into the depths of senility and depression.  

baseball kept him grounded.

it seemed with every loss came frustration, and anger. anger over the loss of my grandma who left us too early. anger over her sons who would squabble over who would inherit the most money from her death.

with every win, he was grandpa again. i enjoyed our talks. i enjoyed his war stories. i enjoyed him pestering me to bring him another beer from the fridge.

i always wanted the giants to win so he can be grandpa again; and thus i became a real baseball fan.

so i give a big "fuck you" to anyone who questions my loyalty to the team or the sport just because i didn't attend a fucking victory parade or don't gaudily flaunt my team colors.

baseball is more than that.
the grace of the sport. in every other sport, there are moments that are poetry...when a few nice passes of the puck result in a sweet goal in hockey, when a kick returner finds the hole and heads for the end zone, an alley-oop pass in basketball. they are all nice to watch, but you have to watch a lot of missed passes, tackles, grappling...generally a lot of boring stuff...to enjoy the moments of beauty.

in baseball, almost every play is graceful. a nice breaking pitch, a hit down the line, the of going into the corner getting the ball to the infield, a play at the base. it's all smooth and orchestral. there could almost be a conductor with a baton. sure there are ugly plays, but they are the exception...at the major league level anyway.

and there's no feeling like playing the game. swinging, throwing, catching. it all just feels right.
taking your glove to the stadium. i don't care how old i get, my glove is coming with me when i go to a ballpark.

just the equipment. a ball, a glove, and a bat. so simple, but in every piece you can see some life. my cheap ass old glove is mine, it will forever be mine and we have a story to tell. the first time you crack a bat. i don't know about you but i nearly cried - then you learn to buck up. and the baseball. is there anything that wants to be held more than a baseball? you see one in the back of your closet with all of summer written all over it. the seems have been worn, the leather is rough and green but you know exactly why there's a piece that's black and rough. 

don't even mention the good times you'll have playing. even in a company softball league, the nonsense that happens in the dugout. the encouragement you get from your team. i love baseball.

the way the game is played. you'd never guess the amount of strategy there can be in a single pitch. whole contracts made for 3 pitches. 

oh, and i like that if you fuck up, it's right there on the score board. lol
i love all the anomalies of the game.  things like how every field is different and plays different.  imagine another sport with the equivalent of the green monster or the ivy in wrigley field.  it can't happen. it seems every few months you see something you couldn't believe was possible.  felix hernandez struck out 4 guys in one inning last year! guys hitting for the cycle, perfect games, inside the park homeruns.  i love all these things and i dont care which player does it.
i couldn't agree more.  everyone gets excited at the end of the season when you only need 2 games to clinch, but if you had won those in april, you'd already be there. :)

i think this year i am am going to have to but mlb extra innings on directv.  i hate the price, but i love baseball.

the worst part is that portland, or lost out minor league team last year, so no local ball :(
i do believe he is saying that is what he loves about the game.
i tend to wish that on greedy self absorbed scumbags.
minor league baseball is wonderful for all these reasons. in college one summer, i was working part time and would get off work at three or so. as a poor college student, i could walk to the stadium, pay $5 for a general admission ticket, enjoy a couple of $3 beers, and get a $4 jumbo dog for dinner.

this was a single-a, short season team, and a sellout crowd was around 5,000 people. i went to almost every home game that summer, and by the end i'd made a handfull of new friends that i knew by first name only and never saw outside of the ballpark. just grab a seat next to a stranger in the wooden grandstands and strike up a conversation about baseball.

easily my favorite summer.
also another thing i love is that the mlb is 10 years ahead of all the other leagues in technology.  the mlb ipad app still blows me away.
my favorite memory is matt holiday getting hit in the nuts while trying to catch the 3rd out in the division series a few years back.  one of my greatest memories at dodger stadium.

vin scully. the smell of freshly cut grass. saturday afternoon baseball under the sunny beautiful blue sky. the feeling of swinging a bat and just *knowing* that you could not have hit the sweet spot any more perfectly. stealing home. the rich history of a storied franchise. the dynasties. the sound a fastball makes when it flies through the air and the snap of the catchers mitt when he catches it. no ticking clocks. extra innings. the fact that a runner can reach base 10 (or 11) different ways.

the fact that at any given moment something could be happening on the field. people say football is so exciting, yet there is 30+ seconds between every single play save for the 2 minute warning. in baseball a pitch is thrown and anything could happen once every 15-20 seconds during an inning.

i don't even feel like i'm scratching the surface. i could go on, and on, and on...

edit: a perfect game is when *nothing* happens.
i'm sure there are more worthy targets of your derision, like say, almost every single member of congress, the senate or the ceos of the banks.
god help me there was nothing better than the atmosphere at the ballpark in arlington last season. we have never been good but the fans, man, some of these guys had been waiting for that moment since before i was born.  also, i hate that it is only february. 
i love that the history, rivalries, milestones, streaks, slumps, statistics, rallies, clubhouse pranks, questionable calls, unbelievable plays, unique stadiums, the significance of every pitch, and how any game can unexpectedly turn out to be a blowout or a back and forth battle.
if they made one for brian wilson i'd wear it.
i cried the day tony pena was traded to the cardinals.

i did not cry about the pirates for several years after that.  pena for andy van slyke, mike lavalliere, and mike dunne may have been syd thrift's finest move.
i can't figure out who the cub is.  fergie?  anyone know?

i would have preferred [maddux](http://7is.neswblogs.com/2009/11/greg-maddux-mlb-hof-mustache/).
* i love following players throughout their careers, i especially love prospective rookies.
* i love [meaningless statistics](http://www.flipflopflyin.com/flipflopflyball/).
* i love that spring training takes me out of my winter blues.
* i love that there isn't a time limit on games.
* and it's the only sport i can enjoy listening to on the radio.
i was gonna get one but the bagwell one only comes in xxl...  what gives?
most of them are too far gone for me to really care about. baseball still has some heart left in it; the players (for the most part) try and be good role models. thats why i don't watch football, the players don't give a shit about anything except money. 
but anyways, i didn't really start hating on until he went to los angeles and held out on spring training to get a few extra mil. even though i don't like the dodgers, that was pretty low. thinking you're such hot shit you can miss practice cause you think the team wants you so bad they'll pay more; that's a dirty, dirty tactic.
you're right!  it's a good thing the phillies played 81 games at citi field, then, since the mets averaged 31k last year.  *high-five*

the last time the phillies' awesome fans turned out to support one of their many sub-.500 teams in those kind of numbers was hey i think da igglez are playing a training camp game right now g2g bye
[goose gossage?](http://store.nike.com/us/en_us/?l=shop,pdp,ctr-inline/cid-1/pid-357674&amp;cp=usns_0328071544#l=shop,pdp,ctr-inline/cid-1/pid-357820)
if i had to point out specifics that are unique to baseball that i love:

* the game is not timed. most every other american sport is timed.

* only 8/30 teams make the playoffs. in pretty much every other major american sport, like 16/30 or 18/30 teams make the playoffs, making the regular season nearly pointless. you shouldn't be able to make the postseason if you have a losing record.

* in most every other sport, there is too much scoring (basketball, where a 100-85 game is a blowout) or too little (hockey has ties).

* i'm a stats dork. 162 games is awesome for stats dorks.

* oh, and for those who think football is more "action" and baseball is "boring", i remember reading an article a year or so ago in which they looked at every football/baseball game for the past x years and determined that the ball is "in play" in baseball more than football, so baseball technically has more action. 

for those who note that pretty much my entire list is technical.. read the stats dork part. i actually don't watch too many games anymore, but i follow stats/trending/do statistical analysis/cry when the cubbies fail again and again.
yeah, that one is pretty fantastic.  i wonder if these are selling out, because $20 on a nike site seems pretty cheap.
you can still pay *around* $10 for a bleacher seat at some major league parks.
i grew up in iowa with family in st. louis and chicago. but st. louis won me over when i was a kid and i've been a cardinals fan ever since. i like the rivalry, the way that a victory gives me a rush and a defeat crushes me but makes me stick up for my team even more. and i like that i can cheer for my home team (nationals now) and my real team (cardinals) when they play each other and just cheer for all the good plays and be happy with either outcome. i like that i can wear a nats hat with my molina jersey and everyone understands that i just love baseball.
oh good.
biggio is the consumate ballplayer.
as a resident of arizona living in the phoenix area--spring training.  $10 tickets, great food, and a minor league environment.
baseball is the reason i bite my nails. what other game can be 3+ hours of drama, anxiety, tension, etc. and end with either the most crushing sense of defeat or an absolute rush euphoria? best. game. ever.
the mano-a-mano nature of the pitcher vs. batter matchup. i don't think any team sport does it better.

continuing on that thread, the fact that any given player can often find themselves in clutch situations where their ab, pitch or defensive play will determine the outcome of the game. baseball's randomness has a way of distributing these chances much more evenly throughout the team.
dude, that is cool as hell!
i know, i just seen that comment before i read the post and that particular reason is one thing that makes me love baseball so much - it's so unique from the others.. mainly meaning football/basketball.
everybody hates the stupid cubs, but one of the best experiences i ever had was watching a game at wrigley. 
nah man, i'm thinking kansas city or perhaps pittsburgh (but unlikely because of the superbowl)
thats goose, and mattingly is the other.
i'm not even a pirates *fan* and i can appreciate that they win more than 5-10 games in a season lol
i was just getting into baseball. 11-12 years old and i was watching the cardinals @ the dodgers against chan ho park april 23rd, 1999. fernando tatis preceded to hit two grand slams in the 3rd inning.

that's kind of when i figured baseball was the best..  

http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=3297525



seconded. that's one hell of a quote if that was completely invented just then.
well, take your pick after about 5 days into the season /trolldad or /trollface
at first i grew up playing baseball and that love is its on own level. nowadays i love baseball because it became a part of everyday life. whether or not you went to a game in-person, there's always a game any random night that you can watch on tv. that way you're still exposed to baseball day-in and day-out but it'll be actual gameplay rather than 6 days worth of espn analyst going away on some segment.


on the flip side, the offseason suckssss.
agreed, aaa (or a/aa) makes for a really good option to take a girl on a date to. girls often have no interest in watching a sports game, but you got a better shot if it's live and in-person.. and it's unique. for some reason, all my buddies are surprised when i tell them i want to take my girlfriend to a aa game for a date-night instead of the typical dinner/movie, bowling, etc.
or, with both, say fuck paying ***period*** and sneak in or just be a ***seat-gypsy*** and get the cheapest ticket possible and roam from open-seat to open-seat until forced to move.
"well that looked like miscommunication between the quarterback and receiver. looks like t.o. was expecting the heater and got the changeup"
i sat two rows behind the visitor's dugout for game 4 of the 2006 world series. for free. aw yeah, rich friends.

depressingly, they were actually game 5 tickets, but game 4 got rained out, so our game 5 tickets turned into game 4 tickets. otherwise we might have been in the stadium for the clincher (assuming things panned out the same way).

but whatever, it was still awesome.
yeah, i got mattingly, goose just seemed a strange choice. his 'stache was pretty ballin though.
8 rbi's in one inning? 

"hey fernando, what's your career highlight?"

thanks for the video, that was amazing. 
apparently there are hernandez and schmidt versions too.
and it's not even a funny novelty account. 
1985 was the best of times and the worst of times for us cards fans and ozzie smith was one of the main reasons i loved and played baseball. i still stop and watch that celeb softball game every year just because he gets to play ss and he's still is awesome to watch. i even gave my brother a signed ozzie smith baseball as a gift for being my best man in my wedding--the kind of gift that cards fans can truly appreciate and understand.

if you can, you should find one of those giant checks like they give to publisher's clearing house winners and send that to him. epic!
cal ripken getting doubled up on a fly out to the left field warning track....at first base. on that night the o's gave up 13 runs also. not a great night for a little kid at the yard .__.

set me up for a lifetime of facepalming. 
in vegas?

crazy. 
does ozzie guillen still use his twitter account? because that shit was golden.
i think he cut back, and most of it was in spanish.
if ed mcmahon were still alive i'd have him deliver it
i saw the cards play the braves at turner field several years ago and you have every right to be jealous of busch stadium. turner field had about as much charm and inspiration as an empty can of jolt. even the previous busch stadium had more charm. 

in fact, some of my fondest memories of my early childhood in st. louis include walking up that ramp around the old busch and seeing that bright green field with ultra-white lines and all the circle team logos on the blue outfield wall. then, those classic home whites, the red shoes and the heat radiating off that turf. it sounds lame, but those images, for me, coupled with the whiteball era cardinals teams are the reasons i started playing ball as a kid and the foundation of why i love the game to this day. you see it, you breathe it in and you're hooked for life when you live in cardinal nation. 
the truth is at a full sprint prince fielder wouldn't have to "hold up" to make this scenario a reality
i am a huge cardinals fan, but i live in phoenix now. the chase field experience is pretty nice with the lid off, but it's a complete crapfest when the lid is closed during the summer heat. the crowd is lifeless and the mood is dim. i can't stand it. i'd almost rather brave the extreme heat than sit inside a dingy gym to watch a game, honestly.
meh.
still brings chills to my spine. granted, i don't remember it as i was only three at the time, but i can still appreciate its significance. 
i like the enthusiasm, but in many parks, (like at&amp;t) that's just not possible to sneak in. 
there were like 11 when i first checked, now just 8, so they must be limited edition.
yea, that one or the bagwell.
how is a hockey walk-off unfair?  football for sure but i don't see it with hockey.
im not even close to being a brewers fan and i think im still going to rock it.
i love baseball because i was raised on it.  some of my earliest and fondest memories are of watching the brewers with my dad and playing some degree of amateur baseball for 15 years (i was never very talented, but i still loved the game).  there's nothing quite like baseball.  it doesn't have the bone crushing impacts and exciting plays of football, nor the fast pace of basketball, but it has it's own charm that anyone who has been a fan of the game can understand.  

there is nothing quite like the beginning of training camp to herald the fact that spring is upon us.  there may still be snow on the ground, but down in arizona, my favorite baseball team is getting ready to play another season.  and despite playing 162 games, opening day will always carry with it an atmosphere of euphoria and hope that will be present in varying levels throughout the cold and wet days of spring, the dog days of summer, and the crisp fall days that will find your team playing for a spot in the playoffs. 

my grandpa, who passed away in august of 2008, had one dying wish:  to be able to go home and watch one more brewer game.  unfortunately, he was never able to make it home, and i am saddened by the fact that he died less than two months before the team he loved so much made it to the playoffs for the first time in 25 years.  that's a dedication to a team, and love for a sport, that i have yet to encounter in anyway but baseball fans.  

i love this sport and i would wish it to be no other way.  
when i was 10, my friend i used to take a bus to the blue line, then the addison bus to wrigley to watch cubs games (in retrospect, wtf were my parents thinking? i was gone all day without them knowing where we were).  

anyway, we always tried to get autographs before the game by the cubs dugout.  we never had much luck.  then one day, harry carey was down on the field.  i loved him growing up.  i shouted to him to come over, and he actually came over, shook my hand, said some nice words.  he signed my baseball (not that ledgible by the way).  he had the clamiest hands i ever shook.  i was one of only a few people to get his autograph.  i will never forget it.  i still have the ball too. 
here's some more!

http://sports.yahoo.com/mlb/blog/big_league_stew/post/fashion-ump-the-greatest-mustache-silhouette-t-?urn=mlb-316458

according to that, the cubs one is fergie.
unfortunately, the team-instututed facial hair ban deprived the reds of some of the best facial hair years the world has ever seen.
upvote like crazy, folks!
not sure who the twins shirt is. at first glance i thought "[santana](http://www.majorleaguewiffleball.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/12/johan_santana_254.jpg)" but it's cooperstown themed... so [bert?](http://static.sportressofblogitude.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/bert-blyleven.jpg)
puckett 
i think he's going to be another victim of the steroid age due to his association with clemens.
it would have to be one of those ghetto blaster tees that hang down to your shins.
nike says you're right, but the mattingly one can almost pass for thurman munson too.
i remember lying sick in bed, listening to the 1988 world series on the radio when [kirk gibson hit the game-winning hr](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=3364800). 

i was as sick as a dog, but i remember leaping out of bed, running down the hall and down the stairs to try to catch the instant replay. i knew that my dad would be watching the game. he just kept repeating, "holy shit... wow... holy shit..." he never really swore, so that added to the gleeful moment.

also, don mattingly's hrs in eight consecutive games blew my 11 year old mind.
kirby puckett?
im not a giants fan, but they need one for wilson.



also this is like "i like baseball, and i like 70s porn"
i need that puckett shirt.
sudden death.

to elaborate, i think you change the game on a fundamental level when you eliminate the clock.  hockey is, 'whoever scores the mose in 60 minutes.'  when it becomes 'whoever scores first,' you have changed the game on a such a deep level, it doesn't seem fair to me.

nfl would benefit from an additional quarter of play, as hockey would benefit from an additional period or half period.

i was pleasantly surprised when i saw the world cup used a similar overtime.
i was going to post almost the exact same thing.  i was 4 when it happened, but i get goosebumps when i hear it.  i miss jack.
they make a similar one. don't know if it's nike, but definitely sold by the giants organization. they were everywhere in sf during the series.

edit: [too much awesome on my shirt](http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4067/5080096232_93328642bb_b.jpg)
anyone remember when bagwell grew that lonnnnggg nasty beard and started the season in a slump, then shaved it down and broke out?
it's a good time to go. leaving while on top is the classy thing to do. 
here are his stats: http://mlb.mlb.com/team/player.jsp?player_id=120485

not quite hof material, but still very impressive.
yeah i get it but why do you think that's unfair?  unlike in football, both teams have an equal opportunity to score.
i just edited my previous post.
there was 10 or 12 when i posted them, they're selling out. 

edit: there were 9. ozzie is the only one sold out.
i'm sure you've heard of old hoss radbourn's twitter account by now, but on the off chance you haven't, it's worth looking at.
how does one single to deep center? i think of deep center as past the center fielder, in that case, both runs score easily. if there's two outs, grienke doesn't try and score if it's going to be the remote chance of a play at home (never make the 3rd out at 3rd or home). if there's one out, i'd rather have 1 in and a chance for a sac fly(this is national league baseball). beyond all that, the throw from center gets cut off by the second basemen and doesn't come through as the batter will advance to 2nd putting 2 men in scoring position with less than 2 outs... thats another no no.
whoa, til:

http://www.baseball-reference.com/minors/player.cgi?id=boras-001sco
[bruce sutter?](http://mlb.mlb.com/images/2006/01/10/psnomame.jpg)
i love the game as a whole.  i love how cerebral the game can get, how crawford can play a shade towards left field to get the jump on a hitter.  i love the shift, i love the squeeze, i love the long ball and a stolen base.

i love seeing a lefty come in to face a lefty, only to see the manager sub in a right handed bat.  i love the walk off homerun, hell i even like a walk off sac fly.

i love the offseason for the moves, the intricacies of free agency signings and the draft.  

most of all, i love watching the jays.  even during ricciardi's reign of terror, i watched.  so many good things through the bad.

i love the records that will never fall, and cheering against them anyways.  i love the natural players who excel, like griffey, pujols, votto, halladay and lee.

mostly though, i love the rich history of the game.  it is so deep, so engrossing, that i can lose myself in it.  i am canadian, and hockey is our sport, however it has nowhere near the amazing history of baseball.  

i love it so much.
but what about when they [rename themselves](http://www.miamitodaynews.com/news/070524/story7.shtml) to the *miami marlins* in 2012?
here's a screeny from when i posted it. ozzie is already sold out. 

[screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/43lwm.jpg)
i absolutely need the rollie one. it's only in xxl though. does anyone know a mirror retailer or something?
sox fans need a youk one.
but you could say the same thing about baseball, baseball is a game of who can score the most in 9 innings and then you change it to who can score the most in 1 inning.  so long as you are still playing the same sport (removing players and having shootouts goes against this), and each team has equal opportunity with explicit luck taken out (coin tosses), i don't see the problem.
no problem. i have it bookmarked.. hah
they should make a dennis eckersley one for the a's. an homage to one of the greatest mustaches in baseball history, complete with feathered hair.  
i love everything about the game, from the pitcher batter catcher matchups, to the fielders doing things i couldn't even dream of doing myself and making it look like the most natural thing in the world.

but the thing i love most about the sport is the fans, not the people that catch the odd game or two, or can chat about it at work, but the real fans the ones that live and die by their team, and are true fans of the game.

i love coming onto things like reddit and seeing posts like this, you don't see these kinds of posts on basketball or football forums, the training camp doesn't even start for 10 days and here are a bunch of people loving the sport.  

i love being able to watch a game it doesn't matter which teams are playing and being able to get caught up in the excitement of every at bat.

i love all the games within the game there are, the nit-picking about rules that can change the outcome of games.

this is the best sport there has been and i love everything about america's past-time!!!!
but there was never a clock in baseball to begin with.  that's what makes it different.
i might make a second account so i can upvote you again
i know not many people have love for bonds because of the steroid issue and his general demeanor towards the media, but one of my favorite moments in baseball was when bonds the best hitter in baseball faced gagne who at the time was pumping 100, had a filthy changeup, and was the best closer in baseball.

gagne tries to blow 100 by bonds who fucking turns on the ball and smokes it foul into the cove. not a single on of my friends wants to see this end with gagne taking bonds.

next pitch gagne tries to do the same thing and bonds just blasts the shit out of the ball fair this time, and clear into the cove. that moment was fucking electric because they were both at the peak of there game and it just felt like i witnessed a legendary exchange. 

of course bonds has the whole steroid issue and gagne fell into obscurity but that moment will remain timeless in my mind
game 6 - 1986
agreed. he has one of the most majestic goatees of all time. it's so awesome it pisses mercury.
well, there *are* some obnoxious baseball fans. yankees fans are probably the most obnoxious, and yes, i will admit it, us sox fans are pretty obnoxious too.
as much as i love epic 'staches and this idea, i'd have to pass. not really something i can see a woman wearing.
i'm fairly certain they were both juiced! gagne fell into obscurity when he couldn't use roids to compete. i remember that matchup though and i thought gagne would give him a changeup on the next pitch. nope. i guess he thought it was an all-star game
reader #2 checking in.
bonds was the greatest hitter of all time. period. i'm so happy i got to witness the tail end of his career.. it became difficult to weed out the accusations, but i just knew every time i saw him up to bat that it was historic. 
really the same feeling i get when i see pujols at the plate.   
i agree with you to some degree, but it's "never make the third out at 3rd base." you should be more aggressive going home with 2 outs than with 0 or 1 because you can't rely on a sac fly.
at royals stadium, the bleacher seats (not actual bleachers but still...) are about twice the cost of the upper bowl seats.
oh i would absolutely wear a keith hernandez shirt like this.
exactly, i was sweating bullets when i saw the cards in extra innings at shea. i knew at any time during the bottom half of the inning it could be over. it was a very fun time when albert knocked one over left center off of heilman.
watching foulke and tek embrace at the end of game 4 of the ws in 2004 was emotional. i was 12. i was crying. it was awesome.

edit: changed from pap to foulke. wasn't thinking.
reader #4 here, i really hope this subreddit takes off.
i was crying too. just not for the same reason
cc sabathia was later quoted as responding "i don't know what he's talking about. i always have the hunger"
i love baseball because it's more than just a sport. it's ingrained into the fabric of american (and now many other country's) culture. i learned how to toss a ball and whack one with a stick before i learned to ride a bike. as i grew i learned the superstitions and cadence of the game. i learned never to step on the chalk and the importance of a rally cap before i learned how to drive. the only time my old man and i ever got along was on the diamond, and every time i step foot on one i am overwhelmed with nostalgia. and in addition to all that, i love baseball because i love to play the game, and always have. it's one of the few things i was ever good at, but even now that i'm not i could go take grounders and bp all day if i had someone to hit and throw the ball to me. and i could watch double played get rolled up for hours on end. baseball is graceful, and it is also an heirloom. passed from father to son for generations. baseball is a national pass time that is still intensely personal. everyone has their own technique for everything from swinging a bat to breaking in a new mitt. to put it simply, baseball is beautiful. 
i feel the same way when i watch videos of kirk gibson's ridiculous game 5 world series at bat...before my time maybe, but the feeling i get when i watch it is absolutely timeless.
unlike what i assume about the majority of people in this subreddit, i know next to nothing about baseball.  i never read stats, or compare who's the better person to put in the rotation, or what trade would be the best.  hell, i barely know the names of any players besides the ones on the twins roster.

but, i still love the game.  i love it because i've grown up with it.  whenever the twins are playing, the tv is on and someone is watching it.  the next day, you talk about the game with some friends, or read a recap in the paper.  you go to a few games every month, go to a neighbors to drink and watch the game and wistfully talk about following the team around for a month, visiting all the different ballparks.  that's just how it works.  

it's a great, familiar feeling.  you can be in a new place, and either start watching the game, listening to it, or even just getting texts about it from someone, and feel right at home.  when you're at a game by yourself, you can start talking to people around you, and feel as comfortable with them as you are with your close friends.

i also love baseball because it can make you feel a whole range of emotions.  it can make you insanely happy if the team wins a game from behind, or cringe in pain when a player gets hurt, or pray as hard as you can that the outfielder can just catch the ball, or anything.
damnit, the schmidt one is awesome, and would be a great gift for my mom. too bad i can't find it on nike's site.
jumping up and down with my son when the phils won the series.  watching so so many games and still seeing something you've never seen before.  the one on one contest between the pitcher and the batter -- especially when it's a great pitcher vs a great batter.  how the game can suddenly go from nothing happening, to near chaos and absolute excitement with one swing, one bounce, once guy taking off for a steal.  the way that the distance between bags is just the right distance to make all those bang-bang plays.  the history, the americana.  ahh... i love baseball! 
pettitte regular season era: 3.88

pettitte post-season era: 3.83

he was essentially the same pitcher. that is to say, very good but a beneficiary of playing for a great offense. he's not even the best post-season pitcher of his era, as he is easily behind both smoltz and schilling.


the year was 1994 and the expos were arguably "le meilleur equipe" in the mlb...i was 6 years old and i was going to the big o almost once every two weeks to watch a game.

the one thing that stuck out in my mind, and probably highlights that entire season before the strike, was a game against the cardinals.

i witnessed, along with cousin who was visiting from jordan (near saudi arabia) who had never seen a baseball game in his entire life, marquis grissom hitting a game winning, inside the park home run...something that has only happened [14 other times in league history](http://www.500hrc.com/500-hrc-articles/inside-the-park-home-run-heroes.html).

of all the expos games i went to in my youth, this one will stand out forever and is probably the most vivid memory of them...the best part though was that my dad had to go to the bathroom and missed the whole thing.

got to love baseball for that kind of crazy shit.
true enough.  the major league ones are tougher, for sure.
dirk hayhurst is pretty funny, and very humble. we once had a twitter discussion about pie. http://twitter.com/thegarfoose
even if he's not a hall of famer, you got to believe that the yankees will honor him to some degree in the years to come.
i have read http://twitter.com/morganensberg is pretty good.  i follow http://twitter.com/the_ian_stewart.  every once in a while he will put up his ps3 screen name and ask to play ncaa football or black ops with fans.
my dad was an avid yankees fan and coached my youth baseball teams for years. even though i'm not a yanks fan, i will never forget growing up watching them with him. those were the days.
i love baseball for the stories...some of the greatest, most memorable sport stories are baseball stories.

i've seen my fair share of sports moments but nothing give me bigger chills than baseball moments (kirk gibson anyone?)

lou gehrig's speech when he was forced to retired is one of the many reasons why i love baseball...as impressive as mario lemieux coming back from cancer was a great moment for hockey and i remember it well, but gehrig's speech and his story brings up way more emotions and that was way way way before my time...but yes, that's one of the many reasons why i love baseball. 
you and me both
i was six, and the 1998 yankees were just about the best things ever.  my family wasn't all that into baseball besides me, but my parents took us to a game on a whim.  i don't really remember much of the game besides darryl strawberry hitting a foul ball into the third deck behind home plate, which while it means nothing game-wise or power-wise, inspired awe in little-me.  we left the game early to go home early, but my dad noticed my disappointment.

every year, we went to at least one game after that.  after we moved to los angeles, we went to angels games when the yankees came and burned up in the outfield, and we got dodgers hats and ate dodger dogs in chavez ravine.

my dad passed away in october.  those games were the best days of summer.  i miss him so much.
some fucking manly tears on my end right now...
same here, though for somewhat different reasons. ;d

too bad they were both juiced.
two big (and interrelated) things for me.  one, it can have tension unrivaled in any sport.  the clock is not there to stop the potential winning play from happening.  bases loaded, the pitcher *has* to throw the ball.  tying run charging home, the 2b *has* to make the turn on the double play.  the play that decides the game is gonna happen no matter what, and you're gonna be inching off your seat waiting as long as you have to.  

two, those moments of gut wrenching tension can involve *any* player.  every game features 50 potential heroes.  in every other sport, players who have been subbed out can come back in, meaning the 2nd stringers, the role players, probably won't get a chance to make the winning play.  but in baseball, the manager might have no choice but to send his backups out there.  and when they come through, beating colossal odds, the joy of the moment is unforgettable.  your rookie fireballer, just called up, strikes out jd drew with the winning run on base.  your backup to your backup ss knocks in sid bream to win the series.  even seeing the stars, who always come up big, be the hero (once again) is a thrill.  you knew pujols would go deep off lidge there, but holy shit it still blew your mind when it happened.  

for me, the combined thrill of these two things is what makes baseball the best, most unique sport on earth.
how about finding out ozzie's favorite charity and make out the check to them?
and that's why i love baseball. wow! condolences, tropicalmug.
hmm. not sure what good this does except let jimmy retire a cardinal. or we could trade him to the astros who then trade him to the pirates and then he will officially be the face of nl central whorism. with tlr adamant against batting rasmus against lefties i don't know what they're going to get out of this deal. i love me some jim edmonds, but there are much more important things the cards should be focused on right now. *cough*pujols*cough*

kirby puckett's game 6 walk-off home run in the 1991 world series to even it at 3-3 and force game 7.  game 7 of the 1991 world series is still the best baseball game i have ever seen.  as a 7 year-old, it sets a pretty unbeatable precedent.  i'll never get tired of seeing [this picture](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/81/puckroundingthebases91.jpg)

game 163 in 2009 came close, though.  the atmosphere in the 'dome alone was almost enough to give me a heart attack.  i think i shaved off 10 years of my life that day.
my dad pitched batting practice before the games.  i used to hang out in the dugout with the players kids.  sweet gig.
and he happened to be my high school baseball coach too. small world, eh billy?
curse you!
no. for me its the same reason i don't follow minor leagues. to many players to keep track of.
love the hockey jersey and would gladly welcome a /r/baseball jersey.
hmmmmm donnie?
color me irrationally thrilled.
thank god, for a moment there i thought the angels had signed him.  you can keep him.
close. a little older. dennis
i know dennis is on here...so my next logical guess
ha i knew you were on here and you knew i was, so i figured you would have said something....surely the only two horine boys ;)
thanks, and yes it was just invented right then. though, i'm not gonna lie, i'm working my way through ken burn's baseball biopic right now and i think that very much contributed to the line. 
when the yankees came to play in milwaukee in spring '05 my dad (from new york) took me out of school 3 days in a row to sit front row just to the right of home plate where the netting ends. seeing jeter, soriano, posada, etc. 10 feet from me really changed the way i watched and thought about baseball.
wish there was an athletics version of his shirt. 
yes definitely. i watch as much as i can already.
even though i was three when it happened, joe carter's world series-winning, game 6 home run. growing up, i would watch replays and highlights and just wish like hell i was old enough to remember that. even now, man oh man, watching that makes me shake with happiness.
i love these shirts.  i am just about to play my 4th and final season of college ball (d3) and we a currently growing "power staches/beards"
for sure, puckett game six 91 saving the home run over the plexiglass that would have been it for us. then hitting the game winning shot "and we will see you tomorrow night!" will give any twins fan the goosebumps still. god damn, i love baseball. 
pettitte regular season fip: 3.75

pettitte post-season fip: 4.17

good god, that was pathetic.
for the two unruly cards fans in my section that were showing off all game waving their flags.  

yeah, definitely was pathetic.
i saw this after i pretty much posted the same thing, minus game 163 and written a lot worse. but yeah as a twins fan it was pretty much the best thing ever.
i remember being about 10 years old when mark mcgwire hit 62. i took a shower in between innings during the game. right after i turned off the water, i heard my mom yell that big mac was about to come up to bat. i witnessed mark mcgwire's record-breaking 62nd home run in my kitchen wearing nothing but a towel and a red foam finger.    
    
disclaimer: yes, i understand the controversy with mcgwire, however i couldn't control what era of cardinals baseball i grew up in. that being said, it is not my favorite all-time cardinal memory. that award goes to [this awesome moment.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykhtisgwwwg) sorry for the terrible video quality.
not exactly my childhood but i made a promise during the 2004 alcs when the red sox were down 3-0 to the yankees.  my grandmother, a devout catholic, called me to talk about how things were going and eventually we got on to the subject of baseball.  i promised her i would attend mass for the rest of my life if the red sox came back to win the series.  they won and i attended church for a solid two months before i gave up on my promise (sorry grandma!)
i've heard it both ways but, yes you're right.
i went to the red sox/cardinals interleague series the next year in st. louis and people taunted the shit out of me for wearing a sox jersey and hat because i believe they lost 2 out of 3.  after the cardinals won the ws that year, i wished i could go back to busch and slap every single one of them in the face for being such short sighted pricks.
agreed
even though we lost the game.... "the catch"

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuicbdfybfo


following just so i can remind myself how thankful i am that my team's closer isn't a douche.
are you really wanting to go head-to-head on who has more polite and dignified fans here? sorry chimpanzeebutt, but dodger fans don't exactly have the greatest reputation.
way to overpay by $4mm andy.
i kind of figured that he would be some additional insurance if berkman has problems playing the field or something. maybe they could alternate in some way.. i dunno.. 

it just feels right. haha 
not really the most helpful thing coming up on the '11 campaign.. living in nyc, i'm a big supporter of the mets. how does the ownership recover from something like this? 
why $75?
[the double.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax8yrc7xuss) it's like someone rolled all the heroes of my childhood and put them in one spine tingling clip.
so false hope isn't worth 4 mill to you?? c'mon! 83 wins here we come!
little league days at fulton county stadium.  they let us walk on the field.  then they let us all sit in a big section and watch the braves get **pounded** by either the astros or the expos.  always the astros or the expos...  

it was awesome running around the field and getting to cheer for dale murphy and brooooooooooooooooose benedict and bob horner.  and horsing around with my teammates in the upper, upper, upper deck.  and getting chief knockahoma's autograph (before he got fired for being a drunkass).
defining baseball moment? i've had a few, but the first was definitely watching brett saberhagen throw a 5-hitter on 10/27/85 in a game the royals won 11-0. after reading your story, i'm guessing your were watching. ;)
[only if you don't have any real hope!](http://www.gotfuturama.com/multimedia/episodesounds/3acv20/08.mp3)
seemed like an absurd amount of money to me at the time :)
rollie is sold out already!
don #&amp;@%@*#?! denkinger! i was watching. saberhagen was a beast. i lived in kc a couple years and wore my cards jerseys any time i visited kauffman
as i said, he was pretty much the same pitcher. he had about a season and a half's worth of post-season starts, and given the expected variability his fip is in line with the rest of his career. most of that difference is due to a higher hr/9 rate, but i think we're getting at the same thing.
i don't know if its true or not, but on the radio i heard that the mets could actually recover a percentage of the money they were forced to return when the $10bn is repaid to former clients. that, coupled with the guesstimate a little while ago that wilpon could have been held accountable for $500m+ in this case, it didnt turn out *that* bad. or at least as bad as i was envisioning.
you're going to fucking complain about this? the team is still about 40 million dollars per season under budget. 

jesus. 
jack morris 91 10 innings.. 
wow, an odd combination indeed. i wonder if it wont pull him in too many directions and make him completely indecisive. 

hears hoping for the best
i have this same problem with all college sports, the turnover is too quick and i'm not an alum so......

edit: that said i really like baseball so yea i'd watch more games if they covered more games
yeah. i think too many people give him credit as a perennial post season pitcher based on his wins and not on his actual numbers. i respect him to an extent (minus the whole steroids thing) but those numbers aren't hof worthy. 

on a side note, i'm happy i can understand stats like fip. thanks r/baseball.
imagine if they signed pedro mid-season. "whos our daddy!?"
after that unflattering photoshop of him during the 09 ws, and him tossing zimmer to the ground? that'd be the ultimate backpedal.
&gt;david ortiz is still trying to find out just what exactly he tested positive for from the mlb. it's not his fault they haven't told him!

that's why i'm up in the air about ortiz.
the local birmingham barons have one of the best radio broadcasts in all of baseball. while driving from huntsville to birmingham in the summertime i love tuning into the baron's games. baseball is the perfect radio game, basketball not so much. but even the u of alabama baseball broadcast is just awful, and i don't know why. the u of alabama basketball games are worse, but the u of alabama football games are fantastic. it's a mystery to me.
this seems...foolish.
hearing from my grandfather that thurman munson had died, watching the yankees play the night after his funeral where his best friend, bobby murcer, drove in all 5 runs in a 5-4 win over the orioles in the bottom of the 9th, who once led 4-0.
i have nothing against the cardinals or their fans.  i am actually a fan of pujols.  i hope he one day breaks the home run record.

but on that day, those two fans were making an ass out of themselves because the cardinals were winning the whole game.  

so yes, my favorite memory is holiday getting hit in the nuts and the look on those two fan's faces were priceless.

and some of dodgers fan are scum.  i can agree with that.  i once defended a giants fan because a dodger fan was throwing peanuts at him.  i will not tolerate that in my beloved dodger stadium.  you should be able to enjoy yourself at any ballgame, no matter what team you support.


today i love baseball because they play it in the summer.
don't you think that he was scared because he was outweighed by a hundred pounds? 
seattle fan :(
why?

how is a one year deal to a guy who last season hit .300 with 29 homers and 115 rbis foolish?
&gt; i once defended a giants fan because a dodger fan was throwing peanuts at him. i will not tolerate that in my beloved dodgers stadium.

quite right. beach balls only!
ted williams was the last man to hit over .400.

joe dimaggio won the mvp that season.

&gt;"(joe) dimaggio was the greatest all-around player i ever saw. his career cannot be summed up in numbers and awards. it might sound corny, but he had a profound and lasting impact on the country." - ted williams
soriano?  he was gone from the yankees by '05.

but i remember that as the series where a-rod got his 400th home run, and i thought it was pretty classy for the brewers fans to give him a standing ovation.
joe
can you give me the name and author of this book please?
dimaggio also was a notorious dickhead to mickey mantle, it's well documented. while i love the both of them, i'd say mickey was a better player than joe d
probably true, but mays was never better than the mick
barry bonds made me love baseball, and i won't ever apologize for loving baseball.

eric gagne is the only closer i've ever seen who deserved the name. he really did make it an eight-inning game; if you were behind the dodgers going into the ninth inning, you could hope beyond hope that he would make a mistake, but in your mind you *knew* that he wouldn't.
in 1996, the kid who lived across the street from me bragged that his dad had gotten tickets to game six of the world series.  i scoffed at him, because there was no way in my mind that the yankees would get the series to go to six games, let alone beat the braves.

sonofabitch saw the yankees win the '96 world series in person.  i envy him to this day.
&gt;following just so i can remind myself how thankful i am that my team's closer isn't good

ftfy
glad you brought up jose. he's despised by many, but i'm perhaps one of the few baseball players that gives canseco some dap. dude was a monster player in the late 80's - i hated him and the a's - and he's the one that had the balls to expose the steroid thing and name names. every person he implicated has, as it turns out, been basically found guilty.
does milton bradley or carl everett have twitter?
looks like he is in the best shape of his life
david wells's autobiography made me lol a lot. pretty funny book.
every metric that the sabr-crowd uses to measure greatness says that mays &gt; mantle.

mays war =154.7,
mantle =120.2

mays has a wwar of 442.1,
mantle is 327.6

mays rar = 1465,
mantle = 1129
i'm not sure if you're trying to troll, but do you even know who the padres closer is?
when the yankees won the world series in '96, i was in the 5th grade. i became a fan (i'm from new york, i already had a ton of baseball cards and videogames, i figured i might as well actually watch the sport). the next year my mother was diagnosed with colon cancer. the next two years while she was sick, watching the yankees was by far the best thing to distract and captivate my young mind. we didn't win in '97, but that year i was checking the newspaper *every day* to make sure that my favorite player paul o'neill was still leading the league in doubles. 

  my mother died in may of 1998. i was eleven. i can tell you, the 1998 season of baseball was a miracle to me. i will never love another baseball team the way i loved those guys. i'm not capable of it.

  my father grew up in massachusetts and maine, and he's the only red sox fan i know who won't trash the yankees. i didn't even put it together that he *was* a red sox fan until i was an adult. he never said a word because he could see how important the yankees had become to his boys at that time.

  he took us to the world series in 1999. we were in the nosebleed upper deck in left field. it was game three. most of the game was a blur to me, to be honest... i was too excited. but when chad curtis hit that game-winning home run, i'll always remember the stadium shaking and strangers hugging in the stands, and the thousands of people singing "new york, new york". my dad cheered too.

   i watched game 4 on tv. hours before the game, paul o'neill's father died in a hospital in new york city. beyond any amazing play i'd ever seen, the most lasting image to me is o'neill crying on the field after they won the championship, and the rest of the yankees surrounding him and blocking the cameras. i guess thinking back on it, it's the image that was a perfect summation of why i loved everything about the game. i had the guy's poster in my room, and suddenly he became human, like me. 

  oh and derek jeter's behind-the-back flip against jeremy giambi and the a's was crazy as donkey balls. 
as a braves fan, i love the strike, it helped make a run of division titles possible. as a baseball fan i hate the strike because it robbed the expos of what could have been a championship season.
no.  i have a lot of problems with the way the ncaa handles their business and their "student athletes".  i refuse to support them in any way.
i have mixed feelings about that comment because we were division rivals...but i appreciate it none the less.
for someone like vlad, i don't think 8 million is overpaying for him. for some reason, i thought he did subpar last year. i then looked up his stats last year as a ranger, .300 avg, 29 hr, and 115 rbi is not subpar at all. now they have vlad, derrek lee (he's getting old but he plays good defense and still has pop in his bat), luke scott and ehh...mark reynolds.

not an orioles fan (though i have been to the stadium) but i would like to see them do well in just about the hardest devision ever.

reader #5 standing by
thanks guys, lets make this subreddit grow! 
edit: r/torontobluejays is running a pretty sweet contest. check it out.
statistics are like bikinis.  what they reveal is suggestive, but what they conceal is vital.


[adam jones](http://twitter.com/#!/the_adam_jones/status/33722047771324416) weighs in on the issue.
heath bell. 

career middle reliever who pitched out of his mind early in 2010 and watched his era balloon like david wells' waistline the last couple months of the season.
after my dad told me that i was named after will clark, i had no idea who he was talking about. my dad goes up to his closet and brings down a bunch of old vhs tapes of old games, and we sat on the couch together and watched them. it's one of my fondest memories, and it is what got me into baseball.
as a rangers fan i would like to say thanks for the help and good times last year guerrero! good luck and congrats to the orioles on a very fun player!
you owe him closer to $150 if you adjust for inflation.
kind of reminds me of early '90s chisox unis: http://product.images.prosportsmemorabilia.com/44-00/44-00767-p.jpg
i was at game 5 of the 2001 world series. i was in third game at the time, but i can remember almost everything about that game. 

this game was right after 9/11. the city was in disarray. 

the yankees were losing 2-0 in the bottom of the 9th. posada doubled to start it off. the whole upper deck was praying. rally caps everywhere you looked. scott brosius came to plate and hit a shot to tie the game at two. 

the stadium erupted. the floor started shaking under my feet as the fans jubilantly high fived each other. i knew, at that moment, that i loved baseball.

soriano then won it in extras; i didn't have to go to school the next day. 

it is that time of year. 
ballooned to.. 1.93? april: 10 ip, 2 er. may: 13 ip, 1 er. june: 9.2 ip, 4 er. july: 11.2 ip, 2 er. august: 11.1 ip, 2 er. sept/oct: 14.1 ip, 4 er.

completed 47 of 50 save opportunities.

are you sure we're talking about the same heath bell?
two words: rainbow guts.
well, it's for $8 million dollars which is overpaying for those stats especially at vlad's age. the money could be invested in the farm system or international free agents with a lot of upside. the future of the team is in its young prospects. that's not meant as an insult, just an accurate assessment. the cubs are the same way.

it's not a move that takes the orioles from bad to contender so it's basically throwing money away unless it puts additional fans in the stand -- which might increase the profit but its unlikely. vlad is just not that "i want to go just to see him" type of player especially if the team is otherwise bad.

it weakens defense by moving the dh to a fielding position and hurts the team overall in the long term by pushing prospects that might down and losing the chance for development. 

do you need more reasons or is that enough?
joe carter's walk-off world series winner. as a canadian baseball fan, the blue jays' gravity pulled me in and i was a jay's fan for most of my childhood, and that was the most exciting thing i've ever seen in sport.
*facepalm*

the nl west is flooding with offensive talent.

no sane mind would have heath bell anywhere near the top-10 mlb closer list. 1 or 2 years for a closer is expected. but, you need to realize that save is a wholly inflated stat. for every 10 renditions each of eric gagne, mark wohlers, armando benitez, ugeuth urbina, billy koch, and b.j. ryan, there is only one mariano.
oh hey and [rob neyer](http://www.sbnation.com/mlb/2011/2/4/1975809/vladimir-guerrero-orioles-sign-contract-neyer) agrees with me
i have seen a lot of really significant things happen in person; when i go to games, guaranteed shit happens.

but the one that defined my childhood was being the guest of the mets at a padres game and a fly ball hit me in my foot after i whiffed on the catch. front row, all cameras on me. every person in new york must have thought i was the biggest dick for missing it. worse, i pushed my friend out of the way to got for it. incidentally he was the best player on our team.

a bunch of mets people surrounding us and i miss it. and darryl strawberry comes back to the dugout after the ab and just stares at me with his shit-eating grin.
kirk gibson's home run in 88' we lived in an apartment complex at the time, and everyone went nuts... so awesome. 
ah, shit...don't remind me. i was actually supposed to go to that game; i was going to la for the weekend but i got a late start and decided to bail at the last minute.

my ex-wife was not a sports fan at all and she tried her best to understand why i was so apoplectic...that would have been a great game to see.

oh, i had also dropped tatis from my fantasy team a week or two prior to that. now, look at my logo. i *fucking hate* fernando tatis.
the orioles have plenty of money, they just never spend it because for the last decade, their management has been taking advice from rocks and chimps.

what sort of player should the o's throw money at? they don't have the pull or success to draw in folks like lee, crawford or beltre this season, and not even tex would give them a hometown discount. vlad had a better season last year than reynolds or lee, and his contract is less than lee's if lee meets his incentives. he's not the player he used to be, but he's still somebody who can hit in a lineup that hasn't had a bat with legitimate pop in ages. the more protection around markakis, the better.

and scott isn't horrendous in the field. it's either him or pie, who can't hit or riemold, who has to prove he can still do anything at all.

the sad thing about the orioles is that they can't go from bad to contender, they can go from bad to fourth or third place. and that's it, at least until they can prove that they're at the very least, a decent team stuck in an impossible division and grab some more pieces. this is a team that, if it went .500, would send the fanbase (myself included) into celebration. 

sure, this could prove to be an $8 million bust, but i'd rather they go for vlad than do what the nationals did with werth, and ridiculously overpay for a "must-see" player (though i don't know who'd put werth in that category, regardless of his paycheck). putting more cash into the farm system and international scouting is all well and good, but at some point, the o's management has to show some semblance of wanting to compete instead of becoming another kansas city "we're just a couple of years away from competing, just wait!" royals. at least for the fanbase's sanity.

tl;dr c'mon, who doesn't like vlad?
i saw a game where they gave up like 26 to the rangers. they were bringing out position players and at one point even ripken was throwing. i think they wanted to have him officially pitch, but it didn't happen. i always sat next to the visitors pen at the ballpark in arlington and i really wanted to see cal warm up.

yeah...facepalming.
i know everyone else is saying kirby, but i think that goatee is way too big for puckett.  do a gis, and 95% of the pictures have him with a much thinner goatee or completely clean shaven.
&gt;wearing nothing but a towel and a red foam finger.

on your hand, right? say it was on your hand.
don't say sorry to grandma, say sorry to jesus, mary, god, your patron saint, etc. maybe at confessional.
i saw the yankees beat the padres in person.

i was rooting for the padres.

whoops.
well the thing is, i believe in my grandma so..
the quest for 400.... 
if you're the orioles (heck, if you're anyone) it is overpaying him. you pay a guy 8 million if he's the missing piece or if he's going to generate revenue. vlad obviously isn't the missing piece for the orioles since they have no shot of making the playoffs. he isn't going to increase attendance, either. might as well have used that $8 mill somewhere else, because it was definitely wasted by signing him. also you need to take into consideration that last year as a ranger he was playing at one of the most hitter-friendly parks in baseball. 
so that legitimizes bad deals?
getting to watch josh phelphs hit a homer into the 500 level at skydome off of roger clemens 
neither vlad nor werth are "must see" players. this move doesn't look like "wanting to compete" and it doesn't even pretend to be, either. they're overpaying a player that is past his prime when they have no shot to win the division. not a great move.
thanks rob!
hopefully, the $8mm is the ceiling based on incentives.  base should be lower.  hopefully.
david ortiz is the guy who got a free pass. he tested positive, denied knowingly using any, and it was briefly talked about. it has since been ignored.

a-rod tested positive in the same year as ortiz. a-rod's use came out before the 2009 season. ortiz's came out during the 2009 season. at the end of the 2009 season, i rarely heard anything about ortiz's use, but people were still talking about a-rod.
you have to love the fact that even the dodgers fans had to respect what happened and gave him a standing o.
look dude, you said that heath bell isn't good. i'm backing up my guy. this isnt about the nl west being a pitchers division. this isnt about the nl being inferior to the al. this isn't about rivera. but of course as a yankees fan you're going to bring him up. this is about you being dead wrong. he's good.

facepalm.
:d. it's true though. for less $ i would have liked the deal.
everytime i go to a game i have to pinch myself.  i have the privilege of watching one of the best of all time play the game.  and his manager (love him or hate him) is one of the best in history.  we have two of the best starters in the nl.  on opening day, stan still shows up!  oh yeah, gibby and lou brock usually show to. and ernie hayes!  mike shannon (listening to a game just isn't right without him)!  john ulett!  

goddammit is it april yet?
1) the orioles don't have any real sluggers, true power hitters in their farm system. you can't carve a future out of something that isn't there. 

so here's what you get to work with...    

    
vlad (.300ba, 29hr, 115rbi)    
luke scott (.284 ba, 27hr, 72rbi)    
pie (.274ba, 5hr, 31rbi)     


out of these three options to dh, it's a no brainer. i'll take vlad and scott in the lineup over scott and pie's defense every time.   

2) i think this move has a lot more to do with trying to field a better team than it does trying to draw a bigger crowd.  they already pulled that kind of bullshit signing with sosa a few years back. the real draw will be if the club can win games... and the vlad signing improves the team.

3) these prospects you claim would be smothered in aaa ball by this signing do not exist. the only people it messes with are pie and riemold and pie hasn't proved he is anything more than a 4th outfielder and riemold regressed terribly even in aaa ball last year after he was sent down.

i think it's very hard to argue that having vlad as the dh doesn't improve the team. 
being at david cone's perfect game.
the possibility of vlad having a decent year and providing some protection for the young hitters in the lineup make this deal a no brainer. the chance that markakis, wieters and adam jones could all see a few better pitchers is totally worth it. they've never had a truly imposing hitter in the lineup with them...

edit: not to mention the os should are sitting on a scrooge mcduck sized money cache after passing on any and all premier free agents for years and striking the huge masn tv deal. 8 million, who the fuck cares?? did you see any of the contracts that were being thrown around this offseason?!
his era was over 4.00 for 56.25% of his seasons. he only had an era under 3.50 4 times. his career era is 3.88, which is pretty far from hof standards.

except for his 3 seasons in houston, he pitched for a team that had one of the best offenses in the league for his entire career. that is how he racked up the wins.

perhaps the only reason this is a discussion is because, by playing ofr the yankees and being in the postseason almost every year, he was very visible.

i am not stating that he was not good or was not reliable. he was both of those things. he could be relied upon to be good, but he was rarely great.
it's hard for me to consider a one year deal as that bad of a deal.  it's not like the belle deal that hindered us for a while even after he left the team.
they over payed, yes. but its just for one year, and it's not astronomical. 
oh crap!


uh.. bob and weave; bob and weave!
actually, this makes me much more interested in going to the yard. 
sammy was coming off a 35 home run season. no one but him knew he'd pick that year to come off the juice. 
i really am hoping that the details of the deal show the $8mm figure to be incentive-laden.  even so... what the hell, i like the deal.  o's have a legit offense for the first time in years.  i'm excited.
agreed, but that year was also his worst in nearly every category over a ten year span.
reader #20 online.
"the last boy: mickey mantle and the end of america's childhood" by jane leavy. she wrote "koufax" too. it's damn fantastic.
me too actually. weird, huh? 
if you think genuine belief has ever stopped catholics from partaking in those activities, you're giving them too much credit!!
was a saturday, wasn't it?
sadly, the o's generally need to overpay players to get them to come here.  personally, i'm excited for this year and am hoping it's gonna be the turning point.  of course, i said that last year.  and the year before that.  and the year before that...
beisbol been beddy beddy good to him.

i will miss him though, him and his friggin lumberjack swings!  i think i pulled every muscle in my back whenever he swung and missed.
debbie downer
video

http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=3364800
**hey look at this guy. he has money.**
1. wanting to be a lefty so i could play first base like donnie baseball.  
2. edgar martinez scaring the crap out of me every time he stepped up to the plate.  
2a. tino and edgar having the same last name on the same team but not being related?  did not compute with my 10yr old mind.  
3. '96 series  
3b.  jimmy leyritz shattering the career of mark wholers with one swing.
4. 1998, the year.
the yanks didn't seem to care when he made the 600 club. hell, they made a spectacle out of it.
ortiz doesn't know what he tested positive for though. but i have to agree, it faded to the back-burner because a-rod's career was significantly better.
everyone knows choo is better than werth.
dominican comida is delish.
ba and hr aren't exactly the best metrics. 
still... it's hard to argue that a guy who hit .300 with 29 homers had a bad season at the plate.
well the os payed 7.25 mil plus incentives to d lee for one year. this doesn't seem any worse than that.
there was a ws in 2004?  my understanding was that the season ended after the alcs.


[saturday afternoon baseball](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1ygnkwkl1o) with vin scully on nbc.  

also, as an adult, game 6 of 2001 world series...  i'd gotten married that afternoon, and the ~~game~~, er, rout, was on tv for about three innings at my reception.  i should have known then that my marriage was doomed.
holy shit, did *i* write this article? am i suddenly a 22-year-old dude? but seriously, a-fucking-men, bro.

(hurray, queens!)
i love how when the o's don't throw $50 million at adam dunn or victor martinez people call them cheap. but when they sign gregg for $10m/ 2yrs and guerrero for $8m, they overspent and they will never win anyway, so they should just give up.
nike released everyones names, it is kirby. 
i still watch that every now and then.  what a series.  the mariners were the darling team that year.  i remember watching the alcs and being heartbroken seeing joey cora in tears when the mariners lost.

i can't wait to see junior be a first-ballot hof'er with at least 90% of the vote.  i mean, honestly... who *wouldn't* vote for griffey?
i was watching that game at a buffalo wild wings with a relatively full house.  the game was on every one of the dozens of big screen hdtvs and the projectors.  as soon as holiday biffed it, some dude yelled out over the 100+ people there, "right in the dick!" and the place erupts with laughter.  classic.
i don't get this one for sure ... but i'm guessing you mean he had inflated numbers. doesn't hitting a lot of them off of well known roiders like brown, lowe or josh beckett count? i'd think, when dispassionate about this, we can assume he hit a lot of home runs off of unknown users throwing some extra velocity his way as well. i looked it up because i remembered there being at least 3 ... and it turns out 8 jacks came off of another well known juicer, bartolo colon. 

he was in a division with the red sox, and in the same league before that, and they might be the only team that had a more pervasive steroid culture than the rangers at the turn of the century. 

red sox fans shouldn't bag on steroids users ([or ball slappers, for that matter](http://www.nomaas.org/images/slappyohairless.gif)), it's accepted by everyone not in the nation that steroids are why they finally won a world series. 
even if he isn't sure ... it's not a question of whether it's robitussin or aspirin. he's not sure what part of his cycle he was on. was it the hgh, the nolvadex, the hcg? who knows?
this is not a bad deal.  1 year?  who cares.  this isn't vernon wells type money.
&gt;i was born in september of 1988. i think i’ve cursed the franchise since birth. we should’ve won it all in ’88. 

payson/doubleday.

i remember good owners. if fred isn't replaced with someone better when he dies...i can't wait forever...
well, gregg sucks and vlad isn't part of any long-term solution.  i would've loved to have had dunn in place of gregg and vlad.
hr isn't bad.  ba and rbi are pretty meaningless in the grand scheme of things.  ops+, woba, etc are good.
as a completely unobjective observer, he comes across as a very nice guy, but that whole "i'm going to find out what i tested positive for!" thing reeks of bullshit to me. i don't really care either way, just don't try to lie to me. i think that's far more offensive than doing something a ton of players at the time were taking advantage of.
&gt; it's no coincidence that the jets have improved since woody johnson bought the team.

now i find that statement to be very interesting for a reason you probably didn't intend. back in the day, the mara and hess duo was a powerful force for good in the nfl. without them around, the jerry jones' of the world are free to push around the last few good voices like the rooneys and packers. 

woody is alright so far, but having a winning team isn't totally enough for me. i want to see him continue mr hess' stewardship of the league.

which brings us to wilpon. i mean...i can't fault him for spending money, but we can't fault dan snyder for spending it, either. then again, is it being spent on developing players? being bold enough to get rid of veterans and restock the farm?

more importantly, **why does every motherfucking player we get have to become injured???**

woody could be another fred if he were unlucky with injuries. i just don't know. jury is still out. but it seems like there's some sort of retarded competition to match the yankees and that isn't what the mets should be doing. at some point, older/high-priced players need to go in order to get some talent. my fellow mets fans never agree with me, but i've wanted reyes gone for years for that very reason. keeping guys with high value and surrounding them with jeff francoeur-esque talent makes me want to bang my head against the corner of the coffee table.

sorry for rambling. anyway, i have a point. i hope this madoff shit bankrupts wilpon and his ilk and they have to sell the team. i wish the rooneys had more money - with their horse racing ties to the ny metro area, having them own the mets would be my dream come true. i don't know how much more of this i can take. this madoff shit is like having the floor fall out from under you.
i want him on my team.
i will give a big second vote for dirk and throw in http://twitter.com/#!/michael_schlact (minor leagues) - the two of them together can be fun.    
cj wilson - http://twitter.com/#!/str8edgeracer  
david price - http://twitter.com/#!/davidprice14  

the jays have a good little core of players that tweet amongst themselves a lot and can be entertaining:  
http://twitter.com/#!/jesselitsch  
http://twitter.com/#!/jparencibia9  
http://twitter.com/#!/rickyro24  
http://twitter.com/#!/cec0208  
http://twitter.com/#!/lunchboxhero45  (travis snyder)  
if they join, they will be added to the list http://twitter.com/#!/mlb/players    

also if you are into prospects and those on the cusp at all - http://twitter.com/#!/mlb/minors
looked to me like he was charging the mound too
.335/.385/.505 career line against the twins.
in cincinnati, it was [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8qmrnqp0ki).
stephen strasburg giving a victorious wave to the fans after striking out 14 pirates in his mlb debut.  that could potentially go down as my favorite baseball moment ever, depending on what strasburg goes on to become as a national. but it was certainly my favorite moment of last year.
oh, i agree. i was simply pointing out that those metrics aren't that significant.
[this](http://espn.go.com/blog/dallas/texas-rangers/post/_/id/4858302/dazzling-dozen-josh-hamilton-blisters-boston) was mine.  hamilton went 4-5 with a homer, scored from second on a weak infield hit, and made two ridiculous catches in center.  i realized that day i was watching the best player in baseball and our team was legit.
i love the passion of true fans.  even though, why would anybody root for a team in the east?  cardinals baby!
lowe, colon, beckett: known roiders? you kidding me? someone seems very adamant about defending arods numbers.
i was at that game and couldn't believe what i saw. i had all the faith in the world in my boys but that was the game where i put all my chips in...i knew they were going all the way.
it was july 18th 1999 against the expos at yankee stadium. i was 11. it was my little cousin's first game who must have been 5 or so.
my wife and i were in washington on vacation in august and it wasn't until we were on the way to the airport that i found out the white sox were playing a series in baltimore. for about $30, we were able to get a round trip bus ride that took us within a mile of the stadium and tickets to the game were reasonable as well. when we get to camden yards, white sox fans outnumbered orioles fans by a 2-to-1 margin. after tailgating with a few sox fans, we pregamed at pickles across the street from the stadium. the orioles fans were all pretty great, the stadium is gorgeous, and the orioles honored two men in the white sox organization: they gave a video tribute to harold baines and steve stone threw out the first pitch. even though the orioles won, it was a great experience. if i ever find myself in baltimore again, i'll be sure to make as many games as possible.
being in the stands at opening day in target field. my girlfriend next to me got to turn the "k" over on the board when carl pavano recorded the first strikeout in target field. if i remember right it was david ortiz who was fanned.
as a phillies fan, it was 4 things:
[1. roy halladay's perfect game](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=8493141)
[2. roy halladay's playoff no hitter](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=12756599)
3. in mid september the braves came into town looking to put up a fight for the division and the phillies destroyed them with pitching.
[4. the 8 run comeback against the dodgers in the final two innings.](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=10915451)  this is my personal favorite because the phillies messing with broxton is my favorite recent phillies tradition.  gotta do it at least once every year!
it was such a foreign experience to, for once, feel like masn wasn't broadcasting personally to me.
i don't even like the braves, but j-hey's first ab following all of that preseason buildup was pretty magical.
i don't wear size xxl! dammit
liar.

all yankees are cock suckers.
i was able to see the clinching game of the season against the padres at at&amp;t park. jonathan sanchez pitched a great game, but the best moment was when he helped his own cause by lacing a triple into the deepest part of the yard. so satisfying.

the whole ballpark just sat in place at the end of the game. no one left, no one went to the bathroom, people just cheered for almost an hour straight while the gmen were doing victory laps.

&gt;when we get to camden yards, white sox fans outnumbered orioles fans by a 2-to-1 margin.

you should attend a game when the sox of red are in town.
&gt; i'm perhaps one of the few baseball players that gives canseco some dap 

i didn't realize you were a player.
yo bro i'm a yankees fan have you heard about our players? he's in a taco bell commercial maybe you've heard of him.
it wasn't until the yankees lost that series that i was fully convinced the sport of baseball didn't have script writers. would have been perfect. but still maybe the best series i've seen, even though we lost. so awesome that you were there.
this person knows what he is talking about.
i was also there for game 6 of the 2003 world series. 

so, i've had my ups and downs. 
i had the daily news up in my room forever, next to david wells's. cone on his knees with his hands on his head, just looking utterly bewildered.
the announcement that rob dibble would no longer be broadcasting for the nats.
you know, i secretly hate the marlins more than i hate the red sox. don't tell anybody. at least the red sox are *fun* to hate. the marlins put together a good team and sell it all next year, and then wonder why nobody shows up even when they win.
get a load of this guy.
awesome. i framed my ticket stub and its currently hanging in my room with a poster of him in that pose. i also have pics from it but we were way up in the nosebleeds. i think my mom just took pictures of the pile and then some guy getting arrested at the game for going on the field.
as a jays fan, watching pitchers continuously refuse to avoid jose bautista was nice.
similar target field experience - seeing this [target field's first walkoff hr](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=11087783) on tv. that and getting [great seats](http://imgur.com/4uihk) (for free might i add) in arlington to watch the twins play in july-ish.
at least my argument has evidence.
mine's less of a moment and more of an ordeal, but here goes...

i was at a kane county cougars night game with some friends having an awesome time in the bleachers, when my roommate's girlfriend started telling me about a crazy awesome date she had set up the next day for his birthday. they were to go to wrigley field before the first game of the crosstown cup and take batting practice and grounders as part of a promotion they were having. this was to be followed by a free meal at the stadium club inside wrigley and free tickets to the game. thing is, this was a day game, so that meant you needed to be at wrigley at about 7:30 am (not an easy task when you're an hour out of chicago), and i guess my roommate was too lazy to get up for that and elected to opt out of first third of the date. she proceeds to offer me the two tickets to get in for bp in the morning since nobody would be using them. i was speechless. this had been a dream of mine ever since i discovered baseball. after the initial shock, the reality set in and i realize that i have 12 hours to 1) find a friend to go with and 2) get to wrigley field. challenge accepted. i promptly call the biggest cubs fan of my best friends and tell him about the opportunity we had before us. he thought i was joking with him at first, but once he realized i wasn't, he immediately cancelled his plans for the next day and we were dead set on getting to wrigley.

it was a nerve racking experience setting up the transportation into chicago. we were doing it all publicly through metra and the l and we were terrified of somehow fucking it up and not getting there when we needed to. but apart from getting off at a wrong stop on the l and trying to navigate our way through an unfamiliar part of the city to get to a line that would take us to wrigley, things went off without a hitch and we made it there with time to spare. it was the longest 15 minute wait of my lice to get into the park. but it went by much faster when when we saw mother-fucking ryan dempster walk right past us in his street attire. this was when the started to realize that we were actually going to get to be on wrigley field. the same field as every single one of our favorite athletes. we were absolutely giddy with excitement.

we were both at a complete loss for words when we stepped on the field. it was incredible. we walked in on the third base side and had a clear view of our favorite cubs working out in the batting cage out in right. oh, and it's frightening how jacked they looked in real life. even the smaller guys like starlin castro. then they set up the rotations for the day. there was an outfield station in center led by larry rothschild, an infield station led by alan trammel, and lester strode was pitching bp. my friend and i started with hitting, and we were both terrified of making fools of ourselves. luckily for me, my instincts took over as soon as i stepped in the box and i sprayed line drives all over the field. i even hit one oppo out the track in right. it was amazing.   we then moved to grounders and, riding the high i had from bp, it went flawlessly. i had one slow-roller where i ran in fielded and threw all in one motion without slowing down. it was good enough to warrant a compliment from alan trammel himself. never have i experienced something more validating. we ended our day taking fly balls from larry rothschild. these weren't quite as exciting, but it was still amazing to think that from where i was standing i had he same view of the world as a cubs center fielder. we proceeded to shag balls after the drill ended and my friend and i actually got to small talk a little bit with larry rothschild. had i known it was his last season with the cubs, i probably would've tried to converse a little longer. but nevertheless, a wonderful day was had by all. i got to touch the fucking ivy, after all! the rest of the day went by in a flash. the food was amazing and the atmosphere at the game was incredible, especially since this coincided with the parade for the blackhawks' stanley cub championship. being at wrigley field when it's filled with chicago fans on that day is something i'll never forget.

so there it is. that is my favorite 2010 moment, by far. sorry for the length and kinda talking myself up for a little bit there. it was just too amazing to leave any details out. this day will likely remain as the best baseball-related moment of my life.

tl;dr: i got to meet the cubs coaching staff and take batting practice, grounders, and fly balls on wrigley field.
yes. i was also happy when they finally acknowledged that pete rose is still alive and holding a record.
your arlington experience reminded me of my camden yards experience i also had in 2010. i was able to get a good deal on [seats](http://i.imgur.com/mf1so.jpg) down behind home plate. i just happened to be going out to baltimore for business the same time the twins were in town. i considered it to be quite a fortunate coincidence.
such an exciting moment. i was jumping up and down in my living room, happy to have taken the day off from work.
according to mickey, she did!
thom brennaman's call [is awesome](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=12550307).
yours were quite a bit closer, and probably a great experience, but i loved being able to see everything. we were literally 20 rows from the outer-most seats on the upper deck, completely center of everything. some season ticket holder didn't want to attend and handed us his tickets outside near the ticket line.
nice!
well, the argument could be made, is all i'm saying. a lot of people say halladay is better than lincecum. who would i rather have, who would i rather watch? big time timmy jim.
there are many, but here's just a few off the top of my head:

1. creaming cin on opening day (yadi's grand salami was especially nice)
1. [the double play at 3rd base against pit](http://mlb.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20100508&amp;content_id=9896862&amp;notebook_id=9896868&amp;vkey=notebook_stl&amp;fext=.jsp&amp;c_id=stl)
1. the cin sweep after phillips ran his mouth (too bad we couldn't play worth a shit after that)
1. waino and garcia's complete game shut-outs

many, many more.

other non-cardinal related moments i enjoyed:

1. heyward, strasburg, and posey's debuts
1. conrad's walk-off grand slam against cin
1. big z's trip to the pen and anger management courses
1. texas's magical ride
1. brian fucking wilson
oh man, i can't believe i forgot halladay no-hitting cin in the nlds. that was so, so, so nice.
i remember this all too well.
"i realized that day i was watching the best player in baseball"

i think you're confused. stl didn't play your team in interleague last year. were you watching one of our games on mlb.tv?
catching a home run ball during batting practice off the bat of joe mauer before the all-star game at angel stadium. could be the best moment of my baseball life.
a friend and i had tickets for the rockstar mayhem tour at the target center, but when we got down there we decided that we'd rather go to the twins game.  we gave the concert tickets away for free and bought some reasonably priced tickets to the twins from some dude on the street (third base side, lower bowl).  seeing thome's walkoff was the most epic game i went to last year.
do you still have/want the ticket? lol.
that somehow reminds me of bautista's foul ball hit right out of the park, as far as i know he is the only person to do that at the skydome/rogers centre. 
yeah i was on the third base line for that. when he roped that triple i went out of my mind. and i've never seen a crowd stay like that after a game. it was beautiful.
the twins ticket?  i still have all thirteen tickets (one alds) from the twins games i went to last year :-)

i think those 13 games cost me more than the 60 i went to in 2000.
doc's no-hitter is always a good memory. i honestly think you don't need to be a phillies fan to enjoy the roy halladay no-hitter experience.

and yes, gotta remember the brandon philips trash-talking, him doing his batting ritual (involving hitting the catcher's left shin guards) and yadier getting into his face. although cardinals didn't win the decision in the long run, the sweep definitely felt good for the moment.
i have three great memories as a jays fan this year: 

1. bautista breaking bell's hr record
2. morrow's 1 hitter, followed by marcum's shortly after.
3. roy halladay's incredible season, and finally seeing roy pitch a no-no (and then dominate in his first post-season start).  
i don't even know if i believe this, that's so wild.
maybe a little too nostalgic or esoteric, but as a lifelong baseball fan, i'll remember visiting wrigley for the first time to watch a cubs game vs the marlins.
the only reason i don't like barry bonds is because i personally got signed by the whole team when i was a little kid (my mom worked with dusty baker, so i had a hook up), but he refused to sign it. i thought he was a jerk ever since haha.
i went to look up some stats to refute you, but then i saw pujols has never had a season under 150 ops+.  that's pretty stout.  hamilton also is a gold glove caliber player at a very important defensive position though.
wouldn't it be... fanifesto?
hamilton was incredible last year, but pujols has been incredible for ten consecutive years. 
[](/ok "i love alt text")
one of the biggest douche nozzles in baseball.
tony batista! i miss this guy, he used to rake for the jays.
personally i'd find a picture of that moon shot, and frame it with the ticket lol. living in texas i really cant attend too many games, but ive seen neshek's debut, and a few others over the years. somewhere in the ballpark of 3-4 aa year.
good read. hope mlb lets mark cuban buy the mets. their fans deserve a competent owner.
granted, baines and stone were also ex-orioles.  but still, it is not uncommon fans to outnumber orioles fans at their own homes games.  it's disgusting when the yankees and red sox are in town.  i don't want to sound like i am annoyed with the yankees or red sox fan bases but actually with the orioles because nobody seems to go the games.  it makes me miss the old days when people would actually show up to watch them play.
47 errors in 223 games
heh, i recognize a vivaelbirdos user there...

as for me, game 2 in cincy. only game i got to go to this year.
[is this just for sec sanctioned games?](http://rivals.yahoo.com/ncaa/baseball/news?slug=kr-secchanges121809)

this is dated december 18, is there any more recent news about its adoption?

it's for all ncaa baseball competitions, all conferences, di to diii.
it's a rule that won't last.  every time they have tried to do something to speed up play in the majors it gets ignored by pretty much everyone until it's forgotten about.  at least i'm hoping it won't last.  playing head games with the opposing players is part of the fun.
i like sandy because he did a lot with very little in san diego. 

ever get the feeling that spending money is an excuse for a poor business plan? like it gives them licence to say "well, we spend money on you ingrates" much like a parent buys the love of a neglected child.
hell, if not i'd like to see him buy the pirates.
bobby parnell threw me a ball in the stands the night he threw 103mph. the ball i got went 98 and 100. 
it's mostly for the di television market, making the game faster (20 second pitch rule and 90 seconds between innings) and lower scoring (new, much less potent metal bats) in order to get more games on the air and increase revenue.
i've always found red sox fans more obnoxious than yankees fans. it's just the jersey guys giving us a bad rep.
not if we pay lots of money for him first!
as a an orioles fan i think the only correct answer is the hiring of buck showalter. before buck we had the worst record in the mlb. after buck we went 34-23 and had the second best record in the mlb.
haha, we had a similar turnaround with quade. i guess we're both hoping the turnarounds were for real
i moved to houston last june, and it was my first time living anywhere closer than 4 hours to a pro team, so i went to a decent number of games.  8 of them, in fact.  and all 8 the astros won, some of them in amazing 7th-9th inning flair.  for the 2010 astros, that was a pretty damn improbable and fun set of games to see!
i've been saying for years that mlb needs a "pitch clock" hung up behind home plate (for the pitcher) and another one in cf (for the hitter). failure to pitch within that time-frame should be a ball.

nfl teams manage to rotate players and call a play within a time limit. basketball teams manage to run their offenses within one. i think pitchers would learn to adapt (and i'd be just fine with those who can't adapt simply failing and losing their jobs).

i love baseball but god damn the games can move slowly. i could only see it improved by keeping the game moving. and it will still build drama better than any other sport due to the nature of "outs" as the game clock.

maybe i'll have to try to find a college game to watch to see how it works. i hope it is a success.
this is why i am a yankee fan
this is definitely mine as well.

i got out of school and got to go watch my first outdoor twins game. the place was electric and full of excitement. i think it's actually my best baseball memory the more i think about it.
checkout the front page of the tbj subreddit for info about a contest i am running.
dunn was for 4 years and he's only 30. vlad is for one year and he's 36. 


you never forget your first time at the friendly confines- my uncle took me like 10 years ago, we had to get standing room only tickets, but we did beat the padres.
why does baseball need the clock? every pitcher has his own pace and it, as the op says, adds to the aura of the game. the problem with all the examples that you gave is that in football and basketball there is a game clock and, without a shot clock and play clock, there is a chance that a team could just hold the ball for the entire 4 quarter and win a game. in baseball there is no game clock. no matter how long a pitcher decides to hold the ball, he will still have to pitch enough to get 3 outs to get out of the inning. if you think the game moves to slowly, what sport(s) do you watch?
gong up to my family's beachhouse just north of sf with my whole family to watch game 6 of the nl championship.  everyone was on edge the entire game and it was driving us all crazy, but as soon as uribe hit that homerun we all went crazy and a couple of the people in houses by us came over to see what the screaming was about and even stayed to watch the game.  and as soon as wilson got the final out we.ran out onto the beach screaming and dancing in the rain only to fire off a bunch of orange roman candles my uncle bought.  

definatly one of the highlights of my life.
the problem is some pitchers have steve trachsel's pace. there's aura, drama and tension and then there's 'just throw the fucking ball already'. i don't know if a clock is the solution to the problem but the trachsel types need a kick in the ass. 
what team(s) do former expos fans root for?  also, did blue jays fans hate expos fans and vice versa, or was there some sort of 'bond' being the only two teams in canada?  generally speaking, of course.
baseball doesn't *need* a clock. i enjoy it now without one. i just think it would be better with one. the time between pitches tends to take way too long and a really slow pitcher can make a game much harder to watch.

this doesn't seem controversial. all of the time people commend pitchers who work quickly and talk about how great it is to watch a game that moves quickly. people complain about pitchers who work slowly. yet when there's talking of actually doing something to make everyone work more quickly we forget this and complain that it will ruin the flow of the game.

i think the aura of the game is overrated. i don't watch baseball for mystique and aura (if i did i'd be a yankees fan). i watch baseball to see pitchers face off against hitters, to see guys hitting the ball, others catching it, etc. all of these things i enjoy watching would happen more often (on a rate basis of time, not cumulatively) by decreasing downtime.

as for other sports, you give reasons why they need it. this isn't about need, it is about making the game better and other sports as examples prove that it is possible to limit the time athletes have to do things and they will adapt.

i watch baseball, basketball, football, tennis... i like a variety of sports. baseball doesn't move too slowly, it just moves slower than it has to and isn't nearly as exciting as others on a regular basis. baseball offsets this with the the build-up and prolonged excitement of rallies but ideally it shouldn't have to offset long downtimes.
i play d3 baseball, as a pitcher, and can tell you that this would be terrible for the game.  what if the pitcher and the catcher have to run through the signs a couple times?  also, while i don't do this (i work pretty quickly) some guys like to try to throw of the hitter by making them wait.  finally, how are they going to enforce this?  if a pitcher takes too long, what are they going to do, take the ball?  pull them out of the game?  i don't think this rule is feasible.
i hate to be "that guy" but the "i'm no cocksucker" punchline almost makes it sound like a highly stylized joke that he wanted to tell.
because the sox have been so good lately?
tell them if they don't stop, you're going to contact their parole officer.
see, i disagree that the game would be better with a clock. i don't think the game will be sped up with a clock at all. if a pitcher has to start rushing his delivery and can't throw as well, the game will last a long time. baseball is much more exciting for me than any sport (hockey is a close second). football, great i get 11 minutes of action for 60 minutes of clock. woo. basketball yea has more scoring than baseball but the off the ball movement in the pro game is almost completely gone. i know that there are exceptions to that but every team now runs the get ball to star and watch play. baseball is fine without the clock, let it be.
at least they've won a world series in the last 104 years.
it's okay, they're just bitter that they'll never be as loved in their own city no matter how much the win!
[my wallpaper right now](http://i.imgur.com/wm5ez.jpg)
yes guys like that can be tough to watch sometimes, especially if you are just a casual fan (please don't take that as an insult, i'm not calling you or anyone else here a casual fan). even then the average baseball game lasts under 2 hours 50 minutes so the games can't be getting dragged on that much.....
the cubs will win in 2015. it has been foretold by the great prophet marty mcfly
even as a cubs fan, i'll admit i see the sox being a solid team next year.  i say they are good enough to win their division, if they stay healthy, especially jake peavy.  i wish i could say the same about the cubs. 
secretly joe west.
i was at the ballpark for trevor hoffman's 600th save. got the whole inning on video from 5 rows behind the third-base dugout.

that was a good day. :)
yeah, cuz like cub fans really need to be reminded of the pain.  the media does that enough for us.
yeaaahh, but if the cubs win the world series, i won't have anything to bitch about!
the harry caray paper is cold!
i used to think the next best thing to the sox winning was the cubs losing, but that all changed after 05. my sister is the only cub fan in my family of sox fans and she has been though some hard times, so i wouldn't mind seeing the cubs win one for her....someday anyway.
haha i was hoping someone would bite.
so so many to choose from this year. for me, it was garza's no-no. and rentaria's joining the likes of lou gherig, and joe dimaggio with that clutch bomb. 
you sound pretty passionate.  you deserve an upvote (and a competitive team).
the smell of freshly cut grass, hot dogs, beer....

baseball isn't about winning, it's about slowing down time so we may be happier for a second longer, so we may be with the people we love for a little long. baseball is not about winning or losing, it's about paying attention to the small stuff that makes life itself worth living.

enjoy another year of waiting.
i'll just leave this here: http://www.baseball-almanac.com/humor7.shtml
the miami marlins are coming soon too. but it will have to be in the nlcs unless some real crazy shit goes down in the next three years.
well said.   would love to see a cubs/blue jays ws someday!
obp and ops. check those out: http://www.hardballtimes.com/main/statpages/glossary/
awesome, this is just what i was looking for. thank you!
you know what they say, "fool me 54 times, shame on you... fool me 55 times, shame on me"
morrow's one (?) hitter was also pretty special
can't vouch for every one, but i was pretty indifferent to the blue jays. they were in the al and we were in the nl. in fact, i loved to see them win 2 world series.

right now, i can say i have a soft spot for the red sox, but it's not the same as when the expos were there.
in colorado, it was obviously jimenez's no-no. i had been waiting my entire life for them to get one. i'll never forget that last out. well, hell, his whole season was fun to watch. 

another awesome moment this past season, and i believe it was nominated for a gibby, was when chris nelson stole home. that was pretty incredible. and how granpa giambi crushed two or three walk-offs.

it was a fun season.
aveofspades is a dunce. but you take back what you said about brian wilson!
&gt;this team, this franchise, is closer to a religion to me than anything else.

nailed it. i know the rockies are a young team (younger than me, ugh) but this is how i feel. they're *my* team dammit. for better or worse.

&gt;man, i can’t wait for that day. why not this year? until we're mathematically eliminated, i won't give up hope. that's just the way it is. i wouldn't change it for anything.

and from one underdog to another, good luck! 


i can't agree.  waiting 100+ years is enough.
(i'm in cleveland)

august 28th...i booked a show for a couple of solo musicians.  the three of us got to the venue early and loaded everything in, and they wanted to go get food.  we had some time to kill.  so we drove around downtown cleveland and i put the indians/royals game on the radio.  we were driving around, bullshitting about whatever, and i didn't want to tell them to be quiet so i could listen to the game, so the radio kind of faded into the background.  it was the 10th inning and asdrubal cabrera came to bat.  around the same time, we were pretty near progressive field, and i don't even think i realized it.  the announcer pipes up, goes crazy because apparently cabrera just hit a walk-off home run.  we were driving past progressive field as this happened and we saw the fireworks from my little corolla.  
now i can't help but wonder if she did.
that's not really true, chicago was pretty white sox-crazed in 2005.

granted, they don't have the "we love you anyway even though you suck" thing like the cubs have.  they have to win to be popular.
as a marlin fan, i love your family.
i know it's not true. it's a joke ;)
i met the guy (and his family) at wal-mart. he recognized that i recognized him and he invited me to sit down with him and his family at the instore mcdonalds for ice cream. that guy was an awesome people person. 
his track record isn't very good right now... no flying cars, no hover boards... where is my hover board!
this rule is only required for three scenarios:

**1) red sox games**

**2) yankee games**

**3) yankee vs. red sox games** -- every time i turn to this on fox when a game starts at 1pm for example, it'll be 4pm when most games are done, and these clowns are still in the 4th inning with the score like 5-3. bullshit!! jeter, youk, cano, a rod, pedroia, get your fucking asses back in the box!!!

beckitt, dice-k, huges, burnett -- throw the fucking ball already!!

it doesn't help that these guys foul off a crap load of pitches each at bat, but you do not have to go to the mound after every pitch during the first 4 innings!!! god damnit!!
ok.  i didn't mean to be too pedantic but i have actually heard people make this argument before in all seriousness.
haha, no worries. they're definitely a smaller market but chicago loves any team that wins (see also: hawks, black). i rooted for the sox in 05 and would do it again!
you're gonna love omar, too.
baseball may not be "about" winning or losing, but winning makes it soooo much more fun.  

i want to be a nice guy and respect all franchises here, but the two playoff games i went to last year were the most enjoyable experiences, top to bottom, that i've had in a long time.  

good luck- hope your team sniffs greatness again and you understand what i'm trying to describe (poorly).
i am the only white sox fan in a family of all cubs fans (including my in-laws). although, i think i'm doing it wrong because i would totally root for the cubs in a postseason, and i always root for the al central in the postseason (yes, twins, i love your organization.)

while i do not take cheap shots at the cubs unprovoked, i can share one tidbit of cubs fan v. sox fan heat i encountered:

i was at a steak n' shake in the wee hours of the morning, and i was wearing a sox hat and shirt. the waiter who was taking care of us made a remark about me being a white sox fan, and how they aren't "chicago's" team and that only felons like the white sox and all this stuff. so, i go straight to the obvious with "well, the white sox have won a world series in the past 100 years" (meh). he responds with "the cubs are just waiting for the right year because when it happens it will be soooooo sweet."

this didn't make much sense to me, but i ran with it, and ordered my food. "ok, guy, i'll have a steakburger platter with fries and a cup of chilli. oh, actually, do you mind if you bring it out to me in about 100 years, that way it tastes reallllly really good? i'd appreciate it!"

cool story, right?
waiting 86 was long enough. but at least we made it to the world series a few times over that stretch. it has been 66 years since you've even been in one.
nailed it. nothing better than sitting in the stands with a cold beer on a breezy evening as the sun goes down in the middle of summer.  
yankees playoff games are even worse.  couple the aforementioned stepping out of the box, etc. with ridiculously long commercial breaks, and it is unbelievably painful to watch.
love it.  do you have a year on that?
the one constant through all the years, ray, has been baseball. america has rolled by like an army of steamrollers. it has been erased like a blackboard, rebuilt and erased again. but baseball has marked the time. this field, this game: it's a part of our past, ray. it reminds of us of all that once was good and it could be again. oh... people will come ray. people will most definitely come. 
just about everyone agrees that pitchers who work faster are better to watch. all of the time i hear fast pitchers commended for their pace, and i hear slow pitchers called out for theirs. old-timers and modern fans agree, a quick pace is better.

but the moment anyone wants to enforce a quicker pace the game will be ruined. a quick pace is good unless it is required. then all of a sudden the slow pace is part of the "aura" of the game and a great part of it.

&gt; if a pitcher has to start rushing his delivery and can't throw as well, the game will last a long time.

first of all, pitchers will adapt. second, if them rushing leads to more balls in play that is a good thing, as outs happen more quickly when balls are put in play. if it leads to pitchers throwing more balls then yes it would be a bad thing until pitchers adapt.

&gt; football, great i get 11 minutes of action for 60 minutes of clock.

count up how much time the ball is in play in baseball. it will be a lot less than 11 minutes. and when the game is going on you at least always know you're withing 40 seconds of something happening.

&gt; basketball yea has more scoring than baseball but the off the ball movement in the pro game is almost completely gone.

what does off-the-ball-movement have to do with pace of the game?  when it comes to pace of game basketball blows baseball out of the water. you might not like how the game has evolved but a lot of people don't like how baseball has evolved either (emphasis on power over speed, plate patience being so important).

&gt; baseball is fine without the clock, let it be.

that is **never** a good reason to contest progress. baseball was just fine with a one-round playoff. baseball was just fine without an amateur draft. baseball was just fine when blacks weren't allowed to play. football was just fine without the forward pass. basketball was just fin without the jump shot. life was just fine without electricity. 

if the idea is bad then contest it on its merits, but in every phase of life we should be constantly looking for improvements. otherwise we get stagnation.
getting a text from my buddy letting me know about doc's perfect game happening, in the 7th. tuned in just in time to watch it unfold. loved seeing him succeed to his full potential, as one of my favourite jays of all time. hands down my highlight of the year
and his 17 k's, can't wait for this year!
first of all baseball was not fine before jackie robinson. second who is "everyone" that agrees that pitchers who move at a faster pace are better to watch? i would say matt garza, cc sabathia, clay buckholtz and josh beckett (really slow pitch paces) are more exciting to watch than mike leake, john danks, and clayton richard (some of the fastest paces). off the ball movement in basketball is what defines the pace. look at all the fast paced teams in basketball's past and you will see off the ball movement. without that, you get a slow plodding game. i'm sorry if the reference confused you, i thought you said that you watched basketball. as far as more playoff rounds, those are in place for one reason and one reason only: money for the owners. as far as time with the ball in play, baseball games average 12 minutes (yea that is close pure time-wise, but the average football game is 20 minutes longer). 
i'm impressed, reddit, lol.
&gt;yes, twins, i love your organization.

ozzie? is that you?
i'd love to see it too, if for no other reason than to see the rogers centre actually get filled to capacity. being a cubs fan, and knowing that teams can still sell tons of tickets when they suck, i feel really bad about teams that aren't as bad but are lucky to fill half their seats.
no. i actually found it here. judging by the cars i would guess late 50's-60's. i added the mst3k thing myself to give it that special "[lol](http://i.imgur.com/mqeaj.jpg)" effect.
yeah, the blackhawks support last year was amazing. i've never been a big fan of them, as i don't really care for their sloppy play, but i have tons of friends who have followed them religiously for years. in the past, though, any time that hockey gets brought up, people just kind of made fun of the hawks... then last year happened, and it was like everyone in the metro area suddenly turned into hockey fans and hopped onto the bandwagon. i was happy for my friends who had been fans beforehand, though (even if they do like the sox.)
hah, didn't even realize that's what it was.  still a cool pic though.
sorry that some lineups try to be as patient as possible and see as many pitches as they can in every at-bat.  and i apologize for all the pitchers that have to go through these lineups, realizing they just can't throw a pitch just anywhere, that they have to locate these pitches perfectly or the batter will take advantage.  there's a reason why jeter, youk, cano, arod, and pedroia have all-star triple slashes, with obp's that make so many players look inadequate.  it's how pitchers like beckett, dice-k, hughes, and burnett survive in the al east.


when did people forget that the mental battle between hitter and pitcher was one of the most sacred aspects of this beautiful game?
i went to my very first mlb game! 
haha, solid burn
all of these were great. were there for the first 2. wish i could add hinske's go-ahead hr in game 3 (also was in attendance) of the nlds but alas...
so was he evidently
baseball has no mystical aura. it is an athletic competition, not a wizards tournament. the game has been diminished from the national pastime to an also ran (like nba or arena football). the mlb obviously needs to change to survive. hopefully sooner rather than later, bbwa dinosaurs wil die off and stop holding the sport back. 
no.  i don't like college baseball because it is full of players who are only playing because they aren't good enough to go pro yet.  that is, if they were any better, they wouldn't be playing college baseball.  for the same reason i don't watch college basketball.
i've been to countless braves games in my life (used to have season tickets until the economy took a turn) and still make it out to probably 25 games per year. this isn't really a moment, but to have the excitement back at turner field really was a cool feeling. i feel bad saying this, but as a braves fan it is the sad truth. after being at ws games with a packed house it was depressing to show up in the playoffs in the past and have empty seats. heyward's opening day hr, infante's triple vs. the phillies, and hinske's hr in game 3 of the nlds were 3 of the loudest times i've been at turner field.

also, staying after in the stadium to watch the giants-padres game to see if the braves clinched the wild card was pretty cool as well.
oh shit. lol
as a white sox fan, i would just like to say...this is awesome!
i remember i wasn't anywhere near a tv when that happened, and i was watching the online updates on my 2g blackberry phone.
haha cubs suck again and again and again and again
wow i was just about to make this. #35 though.
you are the kind of fan a dispise, i am a sox fan and would never root for the cubs. in fact, my second favorate team is always whoever is playing the cubs 
i wasn't watching until i got multiple texts to turn on the tv around the 7th inning.  

you could just tell he was on. 

that's sad. i understand you guys have perpetual little brother syndrome, but hear me when i say cub fans don't care at all about the sox except for the days they play us. otherwise nobody gives a crap what your team does or what happens to them. 
well put. we've all had bad experiences with opposing fans. sorry to hear some cards fans were misrepresenting.
the best part of being a baseball &amp; hockey fan: the hockey season runs from oct-apr.  the baseball season runs from apr-oct.
amen.
know what you mean! i've lived in germany for about 8 years now, and have adopted soccer as my #2 sport, and the bundesliga runs from august to may. 

still, nothing compares to baseball for me! 
good luck on the coming season.
jesus, i ***love*** getting this question - and reddit is no exception!  however, it is never a short, quick, bland response.  you've been warned. also, a lot of this may have already been said.


* **uniqueness** - the defense has the ball and, in order to score as best/most frequently as possible, the offense is trying to be as far away from the actual ball as possible.  the coach is no better than his players - i.e. he dresses the same, has a jersey #, and is arguably more of a strategist than other sports' coaches.  he doesn't direct/control/plan each and every single play but instead gives more guidance than explicit instructions.  he gives signs and there are "plays" just like football and basketball, but baseball stands out in this respect.  baseball is the most adversarial because you have to give your man his chance if you're batting/pitching and there is absolutely no avoiding that outside of pure cheating.  intentional walks might be an exception, but there is a very serious consequence and risk in doing so.  there's no milking the clock, there's no "downing" or "spiking" the ball.  besides dugouts, pretty much the only true boundaries begin/end where stadium seating does (basketball is the same here, essentially, but not football).  the atmosphere, like others have said, is much more laid back and receptive.  any given moment in baseball can be just as tense (if not more) as a buzzer-beater or hail-mary, but it does not necessarily always happen in the final moments of the game.  there are no "penalties" or "fouls" like football/bball, thus calls by the umpire are almost completely judgment calls and, i think, that demands more impartiality.

* **fairness** - much of the above could fit in this category, if not all of it.  but, i think it deserves being spoke to directly.  it's sort of like life (more below) in that mistakes = ok.  while certain, limited exceptions *are* present like the other sports, no sport is more accommodating than baseball.  so what if you struck out in the bottom of the 9th? you got 2 more games in the series or 1 more until being eliminated.  airmail a routine grounder or botch a lazy flyball? big deal, it's just an error - shake it off and take care of the next one and the problem is much closer to being solved.  also, i think athletes respect the tradition of fairness in baseball and are much less likely to bitch about a call or an umpire-decision unless they are truly convinced it was wrong.  in other words, there no fucking rasheed wallace's or whining.  you know what happened - suck it up, get back on your feet, dust your pants off, and try again.  in batting you get to make the same mistake 3 times before it equates to temporary failure and there are pitches not in the strike zone to help you out.  

ok jesus, this is going to be an epic essay if i don't stop now lol
i enjoy both, but i'm excited for baseball. go sox!
who you got in the bundesliga? i'm hardcore arsenal
we gave a nice little snl subreddit over at [r/livefromnewyork](http://www.reddit.com/r/livefromnewyork) if anyone is interested.
til jose bautista is black.
black and orange black and orange black and orange black and orange
if you ever watch a old recording of a game from the 70's or 80's the pace of play was much faster, and to me, more entertaining and fun to watch. just my 2 cents. 
amen. 
ah tatis... the third baseman who gained sixteen pounds while on the fifteen day dl.
indeed.
opening day should be a federal holiday
performing better than the cubs.
i love your family. you obviously were swapped at birth with someone else.
i bought four cheap seats - honestly the highest possible row - in old busch for game 2 of the 2000 division series against the braves.  it was the first and only playoff game i've been to, and the atmosphere was amazing.

braves go up 2-0 in the top of the first, and will clark hits a 3 run shot in the bottom of the first sending the stadium into a frenzy.  darryl kile comes out and strikes out the side, cranking the energy up a notch. he goes into shutdown mode for innings 2-7 while the cards rack up 6 more runs (chasing glavine after 2 1/3), with the energy of the crowd climbing the entire time. larussa sends in mcgwire to pinch hit and lead off the bottom of the eighth, and just the sight of that red 25 striding out of the dugout gets the crowd going even more.  i lean over and yell to my dad, "if he hits one out, this place is gonna explode."  he proceeds to destroy the 1-2 pitch, and the place proceeds to explode.  matt morris pitched the 9th.  10-4 cards. i paid for the seat, but i don't remember sitting.

i'm now realizing you said "childhood", but that's my defining cards fan moment.

oh - and there's always [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhrj-xi3f2a).
bundesliga is german. you are either thinking of barclay's premier league or champion's league. arsenal is in the epl.
i don't think many people who think about statistics in earnest will quantify catchers' defense by cs anymore these days.  maybe dumbass jock announcers, but even most of the announcing teams i listen to qualify it with a statement about pitchers holding runners on.
off the same pitcher.  beautiful.

oh, the days of hearing joe buck call every game.
awesome news.  anything that gets the wilpons to sell is fine by me.

although, i'd hesitate before jumping to conclusions from a report about a litigant's lawsuit.  a lot of times they exaggerate claims in order to get paid.
wow. including the harry caray obit headline was a bit over the line in my book. 

hang in there. it'll happen someday.
i was throwing the mini-tv i'd bought so i could watch the series at work.  stupidest damn $60 i ever spent.
ops kinda sucks, actually.  it's arrived at by adding together two fractions that don't scale the same, which is never good.

ops+ tries to so the same thing ops does with somewhat better results, by scaling and weighting each component, then adjusting for league strength and park.
defensive war?
i'm cool with the red sox; the black ones, not so much :)
bayern and hoffenheim!
pretty awesome.  i always liked the reds, and i always wanted them to bounce back from the one-game playoff against the mets in 1999.  they were such a good team, 96 wins vs. 97, both stuck in divisions with 100+ winners.  that was a beating you want to put on the sillies or the braves, not a team i actually root for on the side.
i never get tired of seeing that, no matter what quality.
putting a goose-egg sweep on the sillies, 27 scoreless innings, and seeing the final game live, was pretty awesome, in a year that wound up being shitty overall.

i also went to see the mets sweep the orioles at camden yards in june.
it was indeed my hand.
that's when i learned not to jump up off the couch in celebration until i'm sure.  when taguchi hit one later, my ass was glued until it disappeared.  look at edmonds gettin doubled up on first from there.  weak.

that was such a great game.  i've never been as nervous watching tv as when beltran stepped up in the bottom of the ninth.  he'd absolutely *killed* the cards for like three years up to that point.
woba is like ops, but properly weighted. unlike ops+, it's context-dependent.
better question: why would any mets fan want the ownership to recover from this?
top fuckin squad as well.
whoa now, don't get too sensible on us.
i was at the nlcs, game 5, when darryl strawberry hit the laser shot in the 5th inning off nolan ryan to (1) break up the no-hitter and (2) tie the game at 1.  the mets won 2-1 in the 12th inning on the single up the middle by gary carter.

that's still one of the greatest series in postseason history.  a 1-0 pitchers duel between doc and mike scott, a three-hitter by scott in game 4, two epic extra inning games, and a come from behind win in the bottom of the ninth, all in 6 games.
really?  tatis was pretty good with the mets in the role he was in.  109 ops+ in 757 pas over 3 seasons; 3.3 war for a bench player?  that's not shabby.  if the guy is your starting corner infielder, you have problems, but as a bench/utility guy, he was fine.  he wasn't what was wrong with the mets the last three years.
actually the best part is both sports are awesome!
probably the best way there is right now though it has some room to improve.
this may be the first time in 31 years i've agreed with something a yankee fan has said.
it's a holiday in my mind anyways.
go pens!
honestly, i'm a huge sf giants and gb packers fan (i'm spoiled i know). and despite how excited i am about the superbowl, i may be more excited about the start of baseball again..
check out a program called total recorder, it allows you to record anything being played through the computer.  you can buy it from this site [highcriteria.com](http://www.highcriteria.com/).  

there even might be versions of it on the internet for free if you know where to find them.

 
lolno
i know the bundesliga is german, i assumed he would understand i meant arsenal overall
i agree; i'll get to forget about football until it starts encroaching on my enjoyment of september baseball yet again.
you're fucking out!!
yeah i would rather work on christmas than opening day. i wish it was an option.
:) black and orange black and orange black and orange black and orange

uribe's walk off sac fly in game 4 of the nlcs was pretty spectacular.
i was at the local sports bar/hot wing place by my school with two friends wearing our giants jerseys. the place was packed, but we were, by far, the loudest fans. when wilson struck out the final batter, we ran out into the streets wailing "we are the champions!"
;)
atta babe
amen to that. as a sharks fan, i have become quite spoiled with having amazing aprils - begining of baseball season and playoff hockey. 
baseball? you're shitting me right? baseball shouldn't even be called a sport. it's the lamest game there is.
as a twins/wild fan, i know the wild season will come to an end right when the regular season is over, and the twins' playoff run will last no more than 5 days.  it has become pretty routine.
yeah. besides, that's *orange and black*, anyways.
lemme guess, you're that guy in the apple store who bitches loudly the whole time about how much macs suck, right?  

regarding sb: the only thing i could think to do is measure where the runner is on the base path at the moment that the catcher receives the ball and whether or not the catcher was able to throw out the runner. we could determine where catchers rank in their ability to throw out runners who have already arrived at certain points on the base path. this, though, would not account for the ability to hold runners on the base. that may require measuring the distance of the leads that runners take on individual catchers, hoping that the entire pitching rotation evens it out, though a team with many starting lhps could distort it. perhaps, with some confidence, we could determine they likelihood of a successful steal against a catcher under some "average" circumstance.


bayern munich ftw
hey i went to the fan fest. took caltrain at 7:51 in the morning and got at the park around 845. the line was long, but the wait was worth it. didn't bother going for autographs, for my group and i were tired of waiting in lines, so we took pics on the field, looked at the booths, and had a real good time. did you go?
this year we get to see the sharks in the playoffs, hopefully, and the giants opening day ceremonies :)
i can just imagine the goofy look on the oriole bird as he types this.
says the guy who's subscribed to /r/baseball.
:/ sf fan, but i gota chrome bag.  gota stay loyal to the city.
so is op the guy who stands in the middle of the apple store screaming about how pc's are shit?
couldn't agree more.
...or like a preacher who's preaching to some group of people who are already in the church all the time anyways...
super bowl officially over. pitchers/catchers report in a week. baseball baseball baseball
try reposting in /r/sanfrancisco
the formula for ops does add two parts that don't exactly represent the same thing but i wouldn't say that it sucks. it is an excellent way to glance at a number and see how much power a hitter has.

ops+ is better because of the extra stuff that goes into it but as a simple measure avg/obp/ops are a decent enough way to judge a hitter's effectiveness without having to resort to heavy computation. ...or you could just go online and look up the relevant numbers...

either way, you can't just look at one baseball stat and judge a hitter's (or especially a pitcher's) effectiveness.
go tribe!
can't really compare runs scored when a catcher is behind home plate unless you also at least control for who is on the mound.

simple example:
"jason varitek is a way better catcher than mirabelli! look at his cera!"
well, yeah he's a better catcher... but cera has nothing to do with it. varitek never had to catch wakefield's knuckleball. or had to throw a runner out after a ball slowly wanders towards the plate at the brisk pace of 72mph.

basically, defensive stats are pretty weak all around (at least the ones that aren't proprietary and not being released by the ballclubs). until we get true playerfx tracking like we have with pitches now, the best we can do is guess in terms of numbers.

speaking of tracking, any idea if we're going to be getting hitfx for batted balls in at least some stadiums this season?
&gt;the formula for ops does add two parts that don't exactly represent the same thing but i wouldn't say that it sucks. it is an excellent way to glance at a number and see how much power a hitter has.

ops doesn't tell you how much power a hitter has.  tony gwynn had a career .847 ops and dave kingman had a .780.  who had more power?

that's one of the problems with ops -- it blends two different skills into one nebulous hunk of doo-doo, and doesn't even combine the two together in a way that makes mathematical sense.

&gt;ops+ is better because of the extra stuff that goes into it but as a simple measure avg/obp/ops are a decent enough way to judge a hitter's effectiveness without having to resort to heavy computation. ...or you could just go online and look up the relevant numbers...either way, you can't just look at one baseball stat and judge a hitter's (or especially a pitcher's) effectiveness.

i didn't advocate using one stat as a catchall anywhere in my comments.  but for at-a-glance quick reference, there are much better stats than ops.  like ops+, woba, and war.
like i said, ops isn't great but most of the time it's quick and it works fine.
may 17th, 1997. orioles 14 mariners 13

i was 17 years old and didn't have a license yet, so had to take the bus to the game.  o's blow the lead late on a grand slam in the 8th inning by some young whippersnapper named alex rodriguez.  the stadium starts emptying, but my buddy and i stayed because the bus wasn't leaving until after the game.  we get to the bottom of the 9th, o's get a runner on and are down 13-10.  i look at the lineup and turn to my friend an boldly claim that chris hoiles will hit a grand slam with 2 outs on a 3-2 pitch to win the game.  he scoffs at me.  well the o's get the bases loaded with 2 outs and sure enough, hoiles came up and hit a 3-2 pitch into the first row of the left field seats.  i went bonkers.  almost threw my buddy off over the railing of the upper deck.  an usher had to come and calm me down.  probably one of the top 10 moments of my entire life and easily my top baseball moment(cal tying the record is 2nd).

my only regret is that i have never been able to find a video of that homerun.  the internet was too young back then and google searches have always come up empty.
chiming in for other cards fans when i say i'm reluctant for baseball to start because ap still doesn't have a contract.
spring training is right around the corner get pumped
i sigh whenever i find out the marlins are facing doug davis.
you're not the only club that works the count and refers to their scouting reports.  there's 28 other teams out there that can fashion the game at a decent pace.   
heh, wouldn't expect any less from a cubs fan ;).
at any rate, have you seen any baseball in germany? i saw one game in the 2nd division and it was awful.
and are you holding your breath at the amount too, or do you just want it to get done at any cost? 
couldn't be happier.... giants let's do it again!
black and orange!
as a ballpark employee i would not like to be anywhere else but at work on opening day :d
can't come soon enough. football and baseball are my favorite sports, so the month and a half or so between the super bowl and opening day is quite frankly the worst time of year.
i'm not discrediting every other team, i was only using the examples from before.  i just feel like this is being blown out of proportion.. baseball is beautiful because there is no clock.  there's never a set time, and no two games are never the same.
i want it to happen but not the same way the dbacks paid schill and the big unit for past performance and screwed themselves for years due to bad deferrals. i'd give him 8 years for $240 mill though. 10 is too long. i'd hate to see albert go but the club comes first. i think they get it done
go cleveland professional ice hockey franchise!

er, wait.

go cavs?

man, never mind.
the greatest seven words in the english language:

"pitchers and catchers are due to report."
i disagree, man. you have to look at the deal as a whole. 4 years of albert's declining years are worth six years of albert's prime. give him his ten years and accept the fact that it's going to be hard to stomach eight years from now - the time in between will be worth it.
the lone dodgers fans on all of /r/baseball. hi friend!
i don't think we can be friends.
my apologies fine sir. it would be absolutely smashing to see you in the 2011 series though. 
c-a-p-s caps caps caps

yeah you guys didn't have malkin and sid, but we were out fehr, semin and poti.
tts - time to second. go over footage of all a catcher's throws to second, and measure the time between when the ball hits the catcher's mitt and when it hits the second baseman's glove. average out those times, and you have your stat.

needs tweaking to take accuracy into account. any ideas?
there are more of us... always lurking in the shadows. wait, that's creepy. i mean just that there are more than 1 or 2.
yes this.  i could not agree more.  as a kid i hated the cubs.  unequivocally hated them.  i hated the fact that with a bad team their fans still showed up and always seemed so happy.  i hated the fact that in the wrigley field bleachers there are more good looking girls within ten rows either direction of you than in all of comiskey park.  i hated my cub fan friends who always bad mouthed my team (one of them even confessed to me that he cried himself to sleep when the white sox won the world series).  i hated how every year the cubs were projected to win the nl central and have one of the top pitching staffs.  

then 2005 happened.  i stopped hating the cubs.  in 2005 my team won the championship.  growing up as a kid outside of chicago we always watched mj and the bulls win championship after championship.  but the bulls were never my team.  nor were the bears.  nor were the blackhawks.  i hadn't followed them through heartbreak and losing seasons before they won.  when the white sox swept the astros what i felt was unreal.  i hope that someday my cub fan friends and especially my cub fan grandmother can see the cubs win.  but just one.  don't get greedy like them sons of bitches out in boston.
because we all know that mvp awards are the objectively best way of determining who is better at baseball.
specifically yanks-twinks playoff games when mauer is out to the mound 7-8 times a game.

but i digress.  guy is still my favorite ballplayer since carl crawford sold his soul to boston.
of course games from the 70's and 80's were more entertaining to watch for a royals fan.
baseball ftw!   though i am a packers fan so i'll be quite content the next month or two.  go dodgers!
go doyers!
was planning on going to giants ring ceremony, but you have to buy 6 games worth of tickets to go.. just priced me out!
this only measures one thing - how fast a catcher can get the ball from home to second. it's a start but it doesn't take into account throw accuracy, throws to third, blocked balls, passed balls, wild pitches, etc. the fact still remains that no matter who is behind the plate, the guy on the mound still has a lot of control over whether the runners will try to steal. tts is a good way to maybe measure the catcher's arm speed but that's about it.

...i think we should all just agree that piazza is the man and defense is unneeded by catchers ;)
2011- this time, it's for real.

nah, you seem like a good guy.  see you in san fran.
malkin + sid &gt; fehr + semin + poti

and it's not close.
time for the angels to win another world series. :)
1 week until pitchers and catchers!

c'mon braves!
i'll reiterate teddy ballgame's own words:

&gt;"(joe) dimaggio was the greatest all-around player i ever saw. his career cannot be summed up in numbers and awards. it might sound corny, but he had a profound and lasting impact on the country."

also remember that dimaggio was a great great fielder and ted williams, on his best day, was below average with  the glove.
i want him on my team, no matter the cost.  if he wants 10 years, give him 10 years.  his presence means more to the franchise, the city, and the fanbase than almost any other player.
i'm excited not only because baseball is around the corner, but because i have a logo here and no logo in /r/nfl.
i'm just psyched to have a few cold ones at ferg's! rays fans know exactly what i'm talking about. also... grapefruit league baseball starts soon!
it's like chocolate and peanut butter!
the primary motivation for this is probably the hunt for 400, and a little bit of an insurance policy.  otherwise, chances are that all this really does is insure that jimmy baseball can retire as a cardinal if he doesn't make it out of spring training.
right, but if the team can't afford anyone else because they're paying 5 guys 90% of the budget, you might come to regret that in 7-8 years. 

even as a cubs fan, i think he should stay because of who he is. but remember that you've already gotten his best years. he may very well be great until he's nearly 40, but he is past the peak of his prime already.
i just find it hard to turn your nose at a once in a generation player, no matter the price.
i hear you.  6-8 years of albert being albert may well be worth the final 2-4 years of albert being a cash hog that hurts us from competing those last few years plus whatever deferrals after his contract is up. but why do a contract that you know could hurt you later? i argued with my brother your point all day but i think he convinced me otherwise. we cant pay him for past performance. we need to pay him for what he provides for the life of his next contract. i can't see him being the albert we know and love for more than 6ish years.

but there's nothing that i'd love more than to see him retire a cardinal. but that's just my man-crush on albert speaking
*he says as he crosses his fingers that the cubs get a shot at him if he becomes a free agent*
go wild!
everything about this makes me sad.
some of these are even better than the ones i saw in part ii. there are so many awesome/wtf ones, but my favorite is definitely:

&gt;“just as he reaches the ball on a long hit by chicken wolf, reds cf abner powell’s pants are grabbed by a stray dog. wolf circles the bases with the hr that wins the game for louisville 5-3 in 11 innings."

i wish my name was chicken wolf.



i'd love to go to the tigers opening day, but it's pretty much impossible to get those tickets.
i hate how just when baseball is coming down the stretch, and pennant races are white hot, and october is around the corner, espn and sports radio and the back page get taken over with pre- and early-season football.
we got fredi now maybe the best replacement for bobby we could hope for. i think we'll do good this year.
go broonz
as a sox fan, i always felt that we had a special connection to cubs fans.  we both know what it is like to go decades without winning the ws, the constant heartbreak, etc.  i still feel your pain.  you guys gotta soon.  i would love to see a red sox vs. cubs ws, even if the sox lost.  that would be magical.
don't forget the most important thing coming to fenway this year... new kids on the block and the backstreet boys.
i can't wait!
yet another reason to ignore espn and sports radio! ;d
[dave roberts steals second](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnnqbf2vpv0) in game 4 of the 2004 alcs.
let's go dodgers!
been waiting for part iii, awesome as always. making me wish i had a time machine :(
this isnt 2009.
that's one drawback of rooting for a team that plays in fenway park. 
nationals opening day, just like the last two seasons.  let's hope the braves fans don't spit on me like the phillies fans did last season.
couldnt agree more!  even though i dont have very high expectations for my team this year.  except for the new video board they are installing this year.  4th largest in the majors

http://assets.bizjournals.com/houston/news/astrosvideoboard.jpg?v=1


congratulations on joining the rest of us!! you should ask a mod to add their logo to your posts
dont get too excited with the vlad signing!  
i cant stand the sox cause of what they did to us in 05'.  
so your saying that you cant wait for the "pitchers" to report cause your a "catcher" or vice versa??  
fwiw, at least a couple years ago, the twins had the fastest games in the league 

http://sports.yahoo.com/mlb/news?slug=jp-mlbtime052808
when you live in canada, hockey season goes until late june, irrespective of whether the local shinny squad is in the stanley cup final. i yearn for those two blessed months in july and august when i don't have to listen to people and sports radio talking about hockey until they're blue in the face. it's baseball time, people!
this rule will only ensure that pitchers throw more fastballs down the middle. bad idea. players going up to the mlb will need to unlearn the style of pitching that comes when you are under a time clock.
i love you guys, too.
agreed. no need for clocks just because a small percentage of games run over time. most games i watch clock in at around 2 1/2 hours which is not different from other american sports.
audacity. its free.
ozzie guillen is up to his old tricks again.
[uh oh..](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqx2bt5bnke)
don't those dollar figures seem a bit high for the time period?
two words: advertising revenue.

anyone who thinks these players aren't told to take an extra second is a sucker.
dwar says very little about catchers.
the bp handbook is usually a really good read. john sickels prospect book is also something i like to have around. the fielding bible is a totally different one that i used to buy.
"properly weighted" means weighted how fangraphs has decided to weight them. watch your words - for a long time warp was the gold standard in "properly weighted." 

none of these stats are the be-all end-all, and should be looked at in comparison with each other
it's pretty much the best of all time.
war is not in any way a replacement for ops. one is a rate stat, the the other is a counting stat. ops+ should be used instead of ops almost always, unless you're comparing between years/eras when *neither* is the correct stat and you're better off looking at counting stats with linear weights.
hands down by far the best of them all right now.
i'm very happy with it, there is a lot to like about citizen's bank park.  after going to many, many, many games at veteran's stadium anything new was an improvement.  i haven't been to whole lot of other ballparks to compare but my personal favorite is pnc bank park in pittsburgh.  the proximity to the river, the nice view, and the cosey feel really sold the stadium for me.  plus, i only had to pay $25 for a seat that was 8 rows behind the first base dugout.
cbp is a great park. good energy, good layout, and i love that the gap in the upper deck seats are positioned so that you can see the skyline. 
the san fran guys are right, their park is the best i've been to.

[comerica park](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comerica_park) is just ok.  the positives are it's location in, and view of the city.  there are actually other things going on in that part of detroit, so you can walk from the park to bars, restaurants, and hotels.  there are also pleasant features in the park such as a fountain behind center, neat statues of past greats, a ferris wheel, and other 'neat' things that most modern parks have.  i also like the dirt path from the mound to home plate.  

the negative is views of the field.  the slope of the first deck is a low gradient, so you are quite a ways away from the field before you are at a height where you can take the entire field in.  every other park i've been to has a steeper incline, and therefore better views.  the reason this is obvious to tigers fans is that no matter what they did, comparisons to [tiger staduim](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiger_stadium_(detroit) (a truly great place to watch baseball) are inevitable.  we used to watch baseball practically hanging over the field, where you can see the facial expressions and beads of sweat coming from the players; now we see stick figures from a distance.

i  give the place a b-.  
ahhhhh yeaaaaaaa!!!!! 


this post made me happy, thanks op.
yep, i'd agree with that.
i honestly don't know how i feel about the dome. i much prefer outdoor ballparks, as baseball was made to be played outdoors, but there's something about he skydome that i love regardless. it might just be nostalgia talking here, but it's probably my favourite building in toronto, and it will always hold a special place in my heart.
i still think oriole park at camden yards is the most beautiful ballpark in the mlb.

the location isn't at all favorable, but my gosh, the warehouse creates an aura of awesomeness.
so, you're fantastic insight is that if four out of the eight (and others!) position players do poorly, the giants will do poorly?

why doesn't fox hire you?
i like the rogers centre. it has decent sight lines for a multipurpose stadium. the seats need changing though. the hard plastic and tight spacing makes even skinny people feel uncomfortable.
i love it. beautiful park, great location, awesome (if not expensive) beer selection in the beer garden and food options. i always have an awesome time at the safe. and i know people like to knock retractable roofs, but it is necessary in seattle.

i live on the east coast now, so i don't know when i'll be back. in the meantime, oriole park at camden yards is beautiful. nats park is nice, but lacks the atmosphere of camden yards and safeco.
don't get me started...
i like busch stadium, but it's not the mlb stadium that i'm able to go to the most. i like royals stadium too, it doesn't have that old-school feel that i feel at busch (that could be because of the team's performance), very much like the rest of kansas city, it feels like you're far away from everyone else, which can be good if you just want to lie back and watch the game to disconnect from the real world. what i hate, is royals stadium's location in the metropolitan area, and the fact that there are no public transportation options to get there.
ha!  if the twins had to put up with the big inflatable toilet for so long, i understand your pain, especially after that little bit of luck the twins had off of your roof last year =)
i was only able to get to target field once before i moved to south texas, but i really enjoyed it.  the atmosphere there was great and the field was great looking.
we've been spoiled with a great stadium and a miserable team.  i miss the old days when orioles fans would pack the stadium to the brim.  one of these days...
i guess it has to happen every now and then . . .
at least it's convenient for you to deal with these issues.  i have to try to get a hold of wild and twins content now that i moved to south texas, only to be disappointed.  i guess that comes with the mn territory . . .
a bit of a tough squeeze but i fucking love it no matter what. 
also: [riveraveblues](http://riveraveblues.com) 

two websites that no yankees fans should not read.
that would definitely be labeled the karma series (or something catchier)
:(
it's a *great* place to watch a ball game, much better than the ballpark in arlington &amp; the astrodome (the only two other ballparks i've been in).  also, everything needs a retractable roof.
i'm being optimistic this year. i can tell you i haven't at all for the past five or so years. that one year when we were in first place at the all-star break (i think mazzilli was managing), i was hoping so much we were going to play well the second half.
check out minute maid, it's pretty great.
as a mets fan i'm very glad we copied their ballpark.
worst in baseball.
another name in the hat for best ever. st. louis has been blessed with never having a bad baseball stadium. busch 3 skyline views, sightlines and atmosphere can't be beat anywhere. busch 2 was the pressure cooker, but the most awesome thing about it was that with the circular design, the wave would never, ever stop, because there was no break in the stadium for it to stop. we would form relay teams and run a full circle around the stadium with the wave and tag off after each lap til exhaustion set in, it was great. i'll let the history books speak for sportsmans park. the only thing we need to fix is that stupid crater outside of left field.
i despise turner field.  
-no public transportation (even the marta shuttle bus has been discontinued).  $12 to park...that is if you don't mind being stuck in traffic for two hours to arrive and leave.

-no focus on baseball.

-the crowd only gets excited for the tool race and the stupid games on the unnecessary hd screen.

-tooner field: just another distraction from the game
i want to downvote you guys so bad but i just can't. its a gorgeous park.
i was just going to mention the skyline view. love that about cbp!
i'd stick pinstriped bible in there.  i'm also a fan of [it's about the money](http://itsaboutthemoney.net/)
damn you for quoting what i wanted to quote, seriously baseball games in the 1800 seem like a freaking awesome time, a beer probably cost a nickel.  not sure if you would want to eat a hotdog there though.
for many years, it has been one of the few good reason to attend a baseball game in pittsburgh.
&gt;war is not in any way a replacement for ops. one is a rate stat, the the other is a counting stat.

almost anything is a replacement for ops, because it's shitty.

i was listing stats that are better than ops if you want to quickly glance at a column and gauge about how effective a player was.  i don't see why rate vs. counting stats is important.
the first time i went to the new yankee stadium i went over to a condiment table to put mustard on my hot dog and realized i was fifty feet behind home plate.  i could practically see derek jeter's eyelashes as he stood in the on deck circle.

that's my favorite part of it - that no matter where your seats are, you can walk around and find a good place to watch.  and the fact that there are artifacts and photos and memorabilia all over the walls on every level is a bonus.
is it only the upper deck seats?  i'm hoping to go to philly this summer and wondering about where to sit.  probably won't choose the upper deck just for the view of the city, but it never hurts to know.

edit: ignore me, my reading comprehension is poor.
i haven't been to a lot of parks, but i've been to sf and pit, and i gotta say pnc park is better.
yeah, you have a beautiful park there.  but ... the name.  i think safeco field might be the worst name in the majors at this moment.
the only bad thing about it so far is that we have been unable to find a single person who can hit home runs there.  i think that scares away any potential hr hitter from taking a chance on us.  we desperately need more power.
well, anyone sitting across from the gap in them can see the city, but it's pretty well visible from most of the seats. it's behind center field where there are no seats to speak of. you can sort of see what i'm talking about [here](http://images.businessweek.com/ss/08/07/0723_subprime_stadiums/image/03-citizens-bank-park-w_5b3.jpg) with the skyline in the background. 
showing its age as the 3rd oldest stadium but does so without the immense history of the first two. its not a mega stadium with humungous screens like many newer ones and i kinda like that. love the secluded location in the heart of la though. also it has the best playing surface in the game as voted by the players and i am very proud of that.
i know it's sacrilegious, but i do not enjoy games at fenway.

or at least i didn't when i was single and could afford to go, i now consider hadlock my "home field" and that's fine, plus i can take the whole family and not take out a new mortgage. just crash at the in-laws at oob.
i think the next good question is how do you feel about your team's home crowd at games.
fenway? 

'nuff sed. 
stay classy sox fans.
much better than that dump on the north side of the city...
quality
little known fact: with the pick they received from the yankees as compensation for mark teixeira, the angels picked mike trout. 
but the fireworks...  and the free tickets...
haha, you don't say? i live 5 minutes from hadlock. yeah you can't beat bringing 5 people for like 30-40 dollars and really good pretty cheap food. 
i have nothing to add here.
i haven't been to "my" park, but i did get to visit the last busch stadium before they tore it down.  i really liked the look and feel of the place, but damn was it hot.  something about the bowl shape just focused the heat right on top of you.  i'm hoping to go to stl to see the new stadium soon.

as far as the park i've been to the most, pnc is a great park.  the views are great from most seats, and the pittsburgh skyline is a treat.  the openness of the park keeps things breezy and comfortable.  i'd love it if the pirates could be a more competitive team, because people in pittsburgh really want to get loud and support their team.  a packed pnc for october baseball would be a pretty rowdy environment.
red sox fan in kansas city.  i must say if you ever get a chance to see a game at kauffman stadium do it.  beautiful ball bark and totally best kept secret in baseball for a great family experience.  
that is indeed a little known fact. thank you for that! enjoy an upvote.

i was implying that in 2008 the yanks signed tex/aj and cc while in 2011 the sox signed crawford and traded (but will soon sign to an extension) a-gon. 

it's our turn to overpay for talent!
i'm in corpus christi, where's minute maid field?  is it better than tropicana field? =p
went to at&amp;t park a couple summers ago to see lincy pitch, and the park was so beautiful. i don't get to go to yankee games often because they're so expensive, so i usually go to mets games. shea just had nothing on at&amp;t, plus we had seats right behind home plate, which cost like $1000 in ny, but $80 in sf. 
yea i lived away from mn for 3 years now... mlbtv has been my best friend since leaving...
it's like with roberto clemente, there's no real measure for "men held at first", but it's accepted that he was one of the finest right fielders ever, due to that lazer cannon on his shoulder.

i will say this: watching the rangers steal at will against jorge was incredible. there should be some metric, but that's just hard to quantify without watching every game he catches.
ughhhh
ps how did you get that rad retro logo?
tickets might get expensive there soon, considering the royals have an insane farm system.
safeco field is amazing, and i love going there, rain or shine. however, it is time for a new screen in centerfield. for a city that is all about technology, our screen is old, small, and the resolution is poor.

maybe when we have another winning season we can get it replaced. :p
i like the air conditioning... and the ray tank... and seeing outfielders lose balls against the white ceiling. 
i live in philly, grew up in chicago.

love chicago for the atmosphere.  i've been to a lot of ballparks but nothing beats an afternoon spent in the bleachers, catching bp and downing old style at wrigley.  after the game, you just walk across sheffield and turn it into an all nighter.

that said, i do like pnc and citizens bank.  the small, compact layout gives you awesome views wherever you sit, something you can't get at wrigley.
sf park is definitely my second favorite park in baseball. and it's only second because i love chase field so much because it's my home.
yep i agree, love the k, hate the location.
my last memory of my dad before he passed away was opening day at camden yards.
the yankees should really trade montero sooner rather than later. the longer we wait to deal him, the more of a chance he has at suffering an injury or losing value. we have two other good catchers in our system, and only one of them needs to turn out well. if we could get a great starter for a future dh on a team that's already a powerhouse but lacks in pitching, we'd be set for quite a while. 
free? bart wednesdays are nice, but there are what, five fireworks games all season?
we still have ncaa basketball to get through!
i'm just glad they got rid of that "feel the heat - rays" song they would play after every homerun/win
too much said.
they give them to some non-profits and that's the only way i've been to an a's game.  most of the ones that are selected are the nights of the fireworks.
would you go to san jose games if they moved?
ah. well, that's a good deed by the ownership, but it doesn't change the fact that oakland-alameda county coliseum is an abomination.
in a heartbeat. i live in walnut creek. would prefer something bart-accessible, but even in traffic it's less than an hour to sj, no bridges.
i love my dodgers, but we easily have one of the worst game crowds in baseball.

there are a ton of great fans that know a thing or two about the game and carry on the dodgers traditions like brining a radio into the stadium to listen to vin call the game. but man are they drowned out by the sea of stupid that sits in our seats.

they show up late and leave early, have short attention spans and are extremely fair weather. fights break out constantly and don't even think about sitting in the outfield pavilion if you are wearing anything but a dodgers shirt regardless of who we are playing.
it's true.  i would never go to another game if they moved away.  too much effort to feel that dirty watching the a's.  i'm a giants fan.
i completely agree. i haven't been to nearly every stadium but i still think opacy is the best in the league. i've been to world series clinching games and a perfect game in yankee stadium but nothing beat camden during ripken's last game. (i believe a yankee fan would feel a bit different. :p) i can only imagine what 2131 was like. no one has done the retro park as well as camden.
my team is the cardinals and i haven't been to the new stadium...but living in dc, nats are my second team. and their stadium is pretty awesome. metro accessibility is a huge deal, even if things get crowded and police with assault rifles hang out on the platforms with us. 
i just started using mlbtv for the last month of the regular season.  do you use it on your computer or your ps3 and what do you think?  
i just got a band new hdtv and a laptop with hdmi out and i'd be stoked as hell if it were available in 1080p off of the computer.
so i'm not seeing any brewers love (i live in wisco)

miller park is actually quite good.  i mean, there's the times when you get a nosebleed behind a post, but a lot of parks have that.  and the roof is always nice- there's enough windows for ventilation, and no rained out home games.
my dad and brothers and i went on a baseball roadtrip this past summer to milwaukee and chicago.  miller park was very nice, but even though it was mid-to-high 60s and sunny, the roof was closed.  that was pretty disappointing.
atlanta. not a bad park, just a bit cheesy with all the advertisements and whatnot. the skyline is beautiful at sunset, the field has good dimensions and is well cared for.
baseball is so punk.
wouldn't change a thing.
crowd?
yeah sometimes it doesn't make sense.

wrigley's pretty sweet, cellular not so much (well, maybe it was because we were in the nosebleeds)
i love going to games with a bunch of friends and just getting standing room tickets and then moving around the stadium to watch from different views
well played.
ehh.. is it that bad? your first point is valid, although it's more a microcosm of atlanta than the ballpark's fault.. i think the crowds are usually pretty good and the ballpark itself isn't too bad looking, and has some pretty good views. 

what do you mean by no focus on baseball? i mean... all the seats face the diamond, what else do you want? every ballpark has games and gimmicks. 
fenway really is a great place to catch a game. i live in boston and make a point to catch at least 3-4 games a season there.
i believe that woba was devised by tango, not fangraphs. certainly, though, the weights that woba uses are superior to those of ops.
points well made...but i think it's beautiful. i'll never forget the first time i saw the grass and everything else i'd seen on tv up close.
i don't really want my team paying top dollar for past production for the cardinals no less, but yea, it'd be good to stick it to them with a few great years with him at 1b :)
my first game at  the new stadium was last year's old timers' day and i am sure that this favorably altered my impression of the place, but i was pleasantly surprised.

while i miss the park i used to visit as a kid, i also appreciated all of the points that you mentioned. 
cbp is awesome, i love how everything is open, even underneath the upper deck areas... you can walk around the entire stadium in just a few minutes and have a great view the entire time
yeah, one positive i didn't mention is the outfield, particularly right field.  that spacious area makes for a lot of doubles and triples, and i love that it is a pitchers' park.  i can't believe left field was actually moved in, the initial field was a pasture.  
i feel like the red sox have the best crowd in baseball. every one gets into the game and knows the game quite well. the only time were hostile is when they get provoked which doesn't happen often. 
ever sit in the bud light roof-top seats? above ashburn alley? they used to have discounted beers ($4) and food, all for the same price as a standing room only ticket ($15 i believe, standing room may have been $12 then), plus they had bleachers and picnic tables. i think they did away with those specific tickets before last year though, cant seem to find them anymore. 
fantastic, iconic, atmospheric, beautiful, timeless but modern, excited about the ways they're going to improve it
what is there to say? it's a godamn football stadium. 

combine this with the unbearable humidity in the summer and it's no wonder we have such shitty attendance. the other thing is, there is a chance of rain every freaking game.
thanks for putting it in perspective; i'll try not to bitch too much about ticket prices in the future.
right now terrible. i don't live in baltimore and when i listen to games on gameday audio against the yanks or red sox i can't tell if we are home or away because so many opposing fans travel down. guess that is what happens after 13 losing seasons though.
[minute maid park](http://mlb.mlb.com/hou/ballpark/index.jsp), home of my beloved astros, is about a 4 hour drive from corpus (give or take).  i hear the [corpus christi hooks](http://web.minorleaguebaseball.com/index.jsp?sid=t482)' stadium (whataburger field) is very nice.
in the spring and fall, minutemaid has a great open top feel, with a nice open left field.  in the summer, it's a glorious refuge from the summer humidity.  not to mention cheap tickets, easy parking, and ~15 minutes from my house to my seats... i enjoy it!  the view and atmosphere isn't as great as sf (previous home), but the accessibility and bargain means that i go to way more games at minutemaid.
pnc is about the only thing the pirates have going for them.  very beautiful ball park.  sf was fabulous as well, but i give my vote to pnc.  i rank it #2 and sf #3.  camden yards #1 for me and its the model for pretty much every other new ball park in the last 20 years.
pnc is the best i've been to by far, followed by camden yards, nationals park, fenway, and rogers centre.
in all fairness i don't think the showing up late and leaving early thing has anything to do with the crowd's devotion. dodger fans come from miles and miles of la sprawl to see the team play, and in case you haven't noticed traffic in this city sucks. i'd probably leave early too if i had an hour and a half drive to get back home and my kid had school the next day. in all i like the home crowd. i just hate the beach balls. 
i was not very impressed by fenway.  went with my mom on a roadtrip about 10 years ago and got seats out in the bleachers.  when we got there, the seats were small and dirty(covered in peanut shells).  i hated how i was not allowed to walk around the ballpark.  so i was stuck to just the bleachers.  what a letdown.
i'm from western ny but made it to fenway in 2007 for a sox game.  it was a big deal for me and i was immensely excited, bordering on giddy.  and while i enjoyed the game, i have never been more uncomfortable in a stadium.
yeah we all may be biased towards our teams ballpark, but there is no denying camden yards is fabulous.  i mean how many other teams have copied the style of camden yards?
haven't been there, but it sounded like you were describing nationals park in dc.  i loved how you could walk around the park and still be able to watch the game very easily.  plus you even see the washington monument from some parts of the stadium.
when it comes to a situation like this with the b's, one gets traded, one doesn't make it, and one contributes to the big league club. 

i really, really hope that all three can contribute. right now, they all seem to be in good shape to do so, but we all know what can happen with prospects- especially pitchers.
rab is amazing when it comes to commentary and all three of the main writers have really good insights. 
thats your problem: 10 years ago the old owners of the red sox sold to the new owners led by john henry. the new ownership has spent a lot of money renovating and renewing fenway. go there sometime soon and you will be surprised by the difference.
 seattleites probably wont want to hear this but mariner fans are just the worst. we are an uneducated fan base that would rather play nintendo ds (yes they rent those out @ safeco) than watch the game. they are the type of fan who screams every time a pop fly is hit because they are sure its leaving the yard, and will get up for more beer in the middle of a pitch. also for such a shitty team the ticket and food prices are astronomical so instead of getting cool fans that love the game, you get uptight business men and dickhead yuppies. that being said, that absolute worst part about our fan base is the japanese aspect. i swear i have not been to a game since we signed ichiro where i didn't sit next to a huge group of screaming japanese 12 year old girls who don't understand anything but were loud as fuck anyways. also you can't heckle. when a-rod came back for the first time after signing with the rangers, they confiscated negative signs and posters. i know they would never do that in the al or nl east.
clearly you've never sat high up in the first deck in right field.  any seat in rbia is better than that.  i dig the ac though.
it gets a lot of shit from some of the fan base, but i really like citi field.

it'll be a lot better if the team actually wins and draws rowdy crowds though.
coors field is a great stadium in a great location.  
i actually really want to see a game at the new yankees stadium. i got a tour of the old one a couple years before they tore it down and it seemed like a really nice ballpark (but certainly no fenway). the thing though is that my friends who are yankee fans have really mixed reviews about the stadium. one of them (from riverdale), absolutely hates the stadium with an undying passion, explaining that it was made for softie non-fans. i just wanna know what yankee fans here think about it in the same way.
i am of the mind that the great pierogi race is the best promo of its kind.
thats good to hear.  are you still stuck out in the bleachers though if you have tickets out there?  that just pissed me off to no end.
incredible ... i have been to precisely one game at safeco, and i was two rows behind a huge group of screaming japanese 12 year old girls who don't understand anything but were loud as fuck.  i thought it was just a one-time thing.
at least we have cheap tickets :)
petco park is a beautiful ballpark. top-notch. an all around great place to watch a game. great views, great food, awesome deals ($5 beer!)($5 park in the park pass that lets you wander just about anywhere in the stadium).... just a wonderful park. 

the only downside is all of the visiting team fans that invade the park (but without them it might be empty sometimes). 
love it.
no ive never gotten those specific tickets
easily pleased.  almost everybody at pnc is just out for a nice night in the park.  there are a handful of devotees like myself who love the game and go to watch it, but mostly people are there for the add-ons.  can't say i blame them.
nope, the whole ballpark is accessible now.
well... they do say three's a crowd, right?
i'm fairly certain that busch 2 was the hottest stadium in known history.

 &gt;the only thing we need to fix is that stupid crater outside of left field.

what?  we have a softball field!
true story. pittsburgh gives wrigley a run for its money. wrigley has the atmosphere, but pnc manages to be an incredibly beautiful ballpark.
with added hilarity when [a pierogi gets fired for posting something critical of the pirates on facebook](http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/10170/1066854-63.stm).
i kind of agree, though i don't think the ticket prices are "astronomical" at all. you can get in for $10-15 bucks and just hang out in the beer garden. compared to other stadiums (ny, boston, chicago, etc.) safeco is really cheap.

i wish the crowd would get more into it, and be more knowledgeable. but i've always had a great time at the safe.

also, not being able to heckle? the crowd throws monopoly money at a-rod. we just haven't sold out the stadium and been loud in a long, long time.

edit: the nintendo dss they rent out are used to order food, watch highlights, keep stats, etc. [no one rents one out to play pokemon.](/http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/brierdudley/2009028636_brier13.html)
i do live in baltimore and i hate going to the yankees and red sox games.  i can't stand how the hometown crowd is outnumbered 3 to 1.  
the crowds really aren't into the game. i've been to a decent number of games at turner field, as i spend a good bit of time in georgia... the people just aren't interested. at wrigley, it is all about the game. at turner, i guess it's about the beer, maybe. the crowd just doesn't have any sort of connection to the game or each other in watching the game.
personally, i like the fact that you can be on the edge of defeat but still have a chance to win the game.  you could be down by 10 runs in the bottom of the 9th with an 0-2 count and you could still potentially win.
i feel sorry for everyone else. 
while i agree with you, that's not saying much as there's a lot to not like about the cell.

* the fact that it was the last park built before camden yards and the retro evolved movement.
* it's orientation towards the now-demolished robert taylor homes project instead of to downtown chicago. i understand there were wind and sun concerns and at least now, that skyline is empty.
* the horrible surrounding neighborhood

the past decade has been great for the team and the park with some of the recent renovations. but you can only put so much lipstick on the pig...
i loved the old yankee stadium a lot.  the new park is gorgeous but it does not have the same feel at all.
i lived in downtown sd for a while and i enjoyed he park but its nowhere near an elite park. at best its an above average new stadium. 
best damn softball field in the mlb!
pnc is beautiful. and cheap, i got reds-pirates tickets in the premium behind home plate section (lexus club i think?) for half price on stubhub last year. 
so many people in atlanta are transplants, i think it hurts all of their teams home crowds. 
petco park is a pretty bad name. at least in my opinion. 
that last part made me smile.
it's a good stadium, could have been better. comparing it to pnc park in what is, i think, a fairly similar city is disappointing since the stadiums were built in the same time frame.

but, all the seats are good, it's comfortable, and the video screen has to be one of the best in all of sports. it's a good place to watch a game overall, i just think being built in the last ten years it could have been a little less bland. 
as a clevelander who now lives in seattle and been to safeco feild, i can attest saying that it is an awesome park. the food and beer selection is awesome, but i still have mad love for the jake. garlic fries are awesome, but not having stadium mustard for a dog is a serious wtf.
the best aspect of baseball is that a team cannot just sit on the clock. it doesn't matter how far ahead you are, the other team gets their 27 outs. in every other sport a team can shift into 'victory mode' and kill time. not so in baseball. 

additionally, there's no way to funnel important plays to your best players. in basketball, football, hockey, and soccer it is possible to force the action to the players you desire. while there are of course pinch-hitters and pitching changes, the point is that you can't just send albert pujols up to bat whenever you want. 
over expensive but very nice
despite our stadium woes, i still manage to make it out to ~20 games a season. i can't wait until the [new ballpark](http://archives.earthcam.com/archives5/ecnetwork/us/fl/miami/marlins//2011/02/07/1000.jpg) is finished. she's almost there!
game 4 of the nlcs.  i'll never forget uribe hitting that sac fly.  then the "ohhh-ribe" chants as we left the stadium.
the other memory that sticks with me is when uribe (again) hit a game winning homerun to beat the dodgers at the start of september.  to me, that was the start of our championship run.
cpb is awesome. you should really try to get there. are you coming out for the pirates/phils series in july?  there's a real active area in the outfield - ashburn alley - where you can eat and stand around and watch the game from that angle. there really aren't any horrible seats, though i would try to get tix now as they usually sell out.  i'll be there for at least one game of the pirates series in july. hope you make it out!
i enjoy one game a year at fenway... then it's just painful.
pretty good. should me more enthusiastic this year i bet!
i don't know if you meant shea, but no seats at shea ever cost 1,000 dollars.  the most expensive seat was around 300 bucks, and they only started charging that in the mid-2000s.

up until around 2005 or so, the most expensive seat was 90 bucks.
the view is amazing, the food is usually quite good, and the park looks great. what more do you want?
i hear it's good for football.
the trop has the worst reputation in baseball, and maybe all of sports.  but damned if it isn't my hope park and i love the character it has.
i went to a pirates-phillies game a couple of years ago, and watched matt capps blow a 4 or 5 run lead in the 9th.  never again.

the funny thing was, this was before the phillies were considered any kind of dominant force, and the place was pretty empty.  there were actually as many mets and red sox fans walking around as pirates fans.
i use it mainly on my ps3 and it looks amazing on my 42" 1080p plasma, it definitely isnt full 1080 but it looks about as good as most hd channels through charter.

it's pretty much the best investment of 120 bucks per season i can think of (living 350 miles outside the twins broadcast area that is)
cheers to that. :)
i miss that terribly cheesy 'sting em rays' hand that would flash on the screen.  it was so terrible that it became lovable.
i agree -- camden yards and pnc park are the only "new" parks i've been to that i like better than citi field.  i go whenever the mets play there.
i'd have to agree with you on this.  as a rays fan living in new york i hit most of the al east rivalries each season and i always look forward to the baltimore trip.
best in baseball, naturally.
they charge for the standing area seats now.
i have never been to the cell, but upvoted just because the cubs fan phenomenon you have to deal with is a lot like the yankees fan phenomenon we have to deal with.  i feel your pain.
well you can get outfield seats for $7 and upper deck seats for $9, so even if they doubled the prices i still wouldn't say it's expensive. 
i only made it to a few games in target field, but the atmosphere was amazing, at the humpty dump people didn't seem nearly as excited for baseball (well... can't really blame 'em).

hopefully that lasts as long as target field and it wasn't just for the inaugural season.
tampa and miami are worse.  dc's stadium is pretty unimpressive too, for a brand new park.
hmmm, i've been kind of hesitant to getting it this year.  however, i really don't see how i can pass it up now.  the fiancee is gonna be pissed =p
people are just looking for something to bitch about.  it's the nature of being a mets fan.  the park is phenomenal.

we got a taste of how loud it could be when the mets were about 10 games over last year, just before the all-star break and the nosedive that doomed them.  during the interleague homestand with the tigers and twins, they were in the middle of a 11-4 stretch and it felt like the hinges were coming loose.
i love it, reasonable ticket price and awesome friendly environment

the only downside is the food, they're so generic.....
as somebody whose last experience at a "real" mlb stadium was when i was maybe seven, the trop isn't that bad imho.  its far from luxurious, and there are things that have gone downhill (remember seatside food and bar service in the 2d level box seats?), but its not all about the stadium.  i'm there to watch my team play the d-rays, not worry about the plastic seats.

my ex and i used to game the system by purchasing seats in the beach section, go to the buffet for dinner, and then hang out either at the bar next to the buffet or at that little spot above the ray tank where you can see everything.  
this is how i feel about legends field.  except for the artifacts and the photos.  

but, really, the views are awesome.
true about the food, but other than that the setting, the weather, the decent prices on ridiculous boozy drinks (if you didn't party hard enough out front) and the ridiculous ease of transportation with the train past the parking lot make angels stadium one of my favorites.
well, i like some of them, i dislike some of them, but the majority of them, i simply don't notice.  i feel as if it's the same for most teams.
as a sox fan, i have to say that i love wrigley field.  while i can't stand most cubs fans, there are very few things better than a summer's day at wrigley.  most people there have no idea what inning it is or what teams are playing, but the beer is cold.

and i like us cellular now.  yeah they screwed it up when they built it, but they've really tried to upgrade it.  and i like that it's in that neighborhood, because it means that people that show up are actually there for the game.  
it's kind of an average ballpark sans the roof and the turf.
i was averaging between shea and yankee stadium, but the point is tickets are ridiculously expensive. 
it's just so tragic they built that ugly hotel across the street, not only did they block the view of the bromo seltzer tower and half of the skyline, but it's just an ugly building. the aluminum/metal/whatever siding glares all of the lights back at you in the seats, and it they didn't even try to implement the brick style of camden yards. i fear the day that a red sox/yankees fan comes by and hangs banners or something obnoxious from it.

oh well, no matter what there's honestly no other place i'd rather watch baseball on a sunday afternoon than there.
i love it! it's unique from other ballsparks in that it has a lot of history being built off the old downtown train station that used to exist.
minute maid park is a really great place to watch a ball game, plenty of stuff to see around the inside of the park, and we have a train that rolls out along the left field wall when the astros score. http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3426/3708985626_a6f643a38d.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.flickriver.com/photos/bluesmavin/popular-interesting/&amp;usg=__8_wa-fmm1x3jx5tcqxeeqzjozae=&amp;h=375&amp;w=500&amp;sz=157&amp;hl=en&amp;start=0&amp;zoom=1&amp;tbnid=48yfrrs16s4scm:&amp;tbnh=131&amp;tbnw=181&amp;ei=ainqtdchhmmatwfa_i22aq&amp;prev=/images%3fq%3dastros%2btrain%26um%3d1%26hl%3den%26sa%3dn%26biw%3d1025%26bih%3d559%26tbs%3disch:1&amp;um=1&amp;itbs=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=376&amp;vpy=76&amp;dur=829&amp;hovh=194&amp;hovw=259&amp;tx=160&amp;ty=115&amp;oei=ainqtdchhmmatwfa_i22aq&amp;esq=1&amp;page=1&amp;ndsp=13&amp;ved=1t:429,r:1,s:0 the concourse is spacious and there are lots of shops and resturants inside. 
i think it really depends where you sit.  i sat in the right field box seats, and they are literally looking at right field.  you have to crank your neck to the left to see home, and if you're lucky, you have a view between peoples' heads at the batter.  shittiest seats ever.

however, i have always been happy with the infield grandstand seats.  they are a little tight, but i always really enjoy it. 
haha its not that bad, i mean you bart in and like what is it the $1 hot dog days?!
you are wrong. nobody listen to this guy. it is a great stadium. 
i find that the giants fans are broken into about 3 groups.

the first group being tourists, yuppies, foreigners, and generally non-baseball fans who are at the park for the peripherals and the atmosphere. i can't hardly blame these people though. after checking out the ggb, alcatraz, coit tower, and a few other notable spots in sf at&amp;t is the next best place to go. as fans they are terrible though, they waltz around the park and ignore the game while they contemplate building teddybears or going down the coke slides.

the second group consist of business people who get tickets from friends or via work promotions and what not. they generally sit in the second deck and where they have full bars and serve your food to your seat. they are generally more passive then group number three but decent fans nonetheless 

group 3 are the diehards. the season ticket-holders and the people buying standing room only to watch todd wellenmeyer(5th starter earlier in year) battle the diamondbacks while it's raining on a tuesday afternoon. their are a considerable amount of these people who haven't gone anywhere since our days in candlestick

honorable mention(group4): 18-30 year olds who get drunk by the cable car so often that they have cops patrolling the area all game. you're idiots, but you cheer hard and loud and it's awesome to watch you get thrown out and add color to a lot of night games

in the end i feel like it splits between knowledgeable and easily distracted depending on who's playing and when. 
i think that is a trend that follows a lot of teams.
and free parking on tuesdays!
i was at that game too!  the old timer's day part was nice, but i think this was the game against tampa bay where aj punched a door and had to be taken out.  that wasn't so good.
burrell has been a mess, i'll give you that. keeping him and huff together will only benefit them as they are good friends and clearly play well/feed off each other. also pat will most likely be coming off the bench or pinch hitting which is a decent bat to have in those situations. 

cody ross is a great clubhouse presence and hardly blows as a player. don't underestimate chemistry. andres torres is about as up in the air as you can get. who the fuck knows if he plays like he did last year. that said the giants haven't had a solid leadoff man in like 5 years so i'll take him happily.

also we have buster posey and madison bumgarner for a full year. meaning we have a cy young winner as our fifth starter. as a yankees fan i know you want our pitching. 

also we have derosa back who was a solid player before he got injured and if sandoval can meet somewhere in the middle of his rookie year and last year we will look pretty good. our pitching is enough to get us anywhere and our hitting looks to remain steady from last year, better if we add belt at the all-star break to fill in for anyone who's performance might be dipping

i think we're well equipped. i think the yankees need to equip themselves with some legitimate starting pitching to have a shot at the ws. everyone knows the yanks can rake but they've got to be able to hold a lead and the giants arguably did that better than anyone in the league last year
my dad, a yankees fan, thinks that fenway is the greatest park he's ever been to.
i was actually describing the view from the food court.  everyone can go into that area freely. and i think they only offer standing room tickets during the playoffs.
there should be plenty of seats opening day this year!
i'm actually a great fan of the skydome. despite the fact that it really can't compare to the historic fields, it is dear to toronto fans.

since it has the revolving dome, there are never any rain delays. also when you sit left field or third base line, you get a great setting sun reflection off the buildings and there is no harsh glare from the sun.

nice scenery, shelter from rain, our two world series pennants resting comfortably on the rafters. great park.

also, never call it rogers centre. only assholes call it that. it's the skydome.

haha yea i pretty much knew as i was typing it, but i figured why not get a little more in depth 
i think everyone at any ball park could do a scientific study on how to group up fans. i know at minute maid park there is so much to see and do that some people come to the park just to hang out. then you have the hard cores that will watch every pitch and score the game too.

not. a. chance.
went to fenway last year for the dodgers/red sox series. loved every minute of being in that stadium. fans were all pretty smart but arrogant at the same time. like baseball anywhere else just isn't the same.

though if my home park was fenway i'd probably feel the same way.
i'm going to concur.
i hated citi field the one time i went to it.  

first of all, i don't need to be patted down before i enter the place.

second, it seemed so dark in the hallways that i could barely see.  i might have terrible night vision, but still!

my dad and i went to get food before the game, and all of the good food places (shake shack, blue smoke) are behind center field!  there were so many ads on the wall that if you go to get food, you can't see the field at all!  couldn't even find a tv to watch the game around there, either!  i waited an hour for shake shack (worth it) but didn't see any of the game until the third inning!

the crowd's great, though, i'll say that.
yea you guys are so classy sometimes it makes me sick.
i remember the good 'ole "pre-mt. davis" days.  it really was a fantastic baseball stadium once.
minute maid is a fantastic place to watch a game.  i lived in houston before moving up to the dallas area and the ballpark in arlington just doesn't compare.
the best skyline view in the league. wow.
i've been to three parks- the royals' kauffman stadium, the giants' at&amp;t park and the twins' target field. 

while i really enjoyed at&amp;t, it was overshadowed by the show that's put on at kauffman. i'm tempted to say that kauffman is the best 'family' stadium, it's simply brilliantly pretty. i'm a bit biased though, and am also quite in love with target field. 

all three were nice though.


there's a certain amount of hesitation with rangers fans. it's heinously hot in the summer and there hasn't always been a good chance you'd see your team win. of course i still love going to games when i'm home.  it's not a huge crowd but it's a fun crowd. they know when to really put their rally caps on and know how to cheer when the boys put up a good fight, but still lost.

having said that, the crowds that showed up this year for the postseason blew my mind. i've never seen anything like that and i hope to see a hell of a lot more.
its nice that they continue to put cash into it to keep it up to date and i love the new turf, it doesn't even compare to the turf we had the season before last.
i didn't see a rangers one so i'll say this, it's a beautiful park.  i absolutely love it.  there are probably too many "props" as my yankee friend tom calls them.  ya know, movie clips and fake noise meters.  i'm not big on them either.

but, when we hit a home run, it's fucking awesome.
petco is a fantastic park, great location and just all around a fun place to watch a game. 
&gt; will get up for more beer in the middle of a pitch

they do that down here in anaheim as well. it annoys me to no end and shows their ignorance to the game. i went to a padres game after they opened petco park and the ushers wouldn't allow you to walk down to your seats mid-pitch and instructed you to wait until a break in play. it was brilliant. in anaheim, they also let the damn vendors come down the aisle 2 or even 3 at a time.
cheer up, you have a sleeper team this year. what's with that damn drum beat in oakland? i get the point of it, it just bugs me.
no, they're for every game.  here's a little [more information](http://www.fansnap.com/blog/2010/04/15/yankee-stadium-standing-room-only-tickets-youve-got-questions-weve-got-answers/) on them
came here hoping to find this, i am not disappoint.
not if we have anything to do with it:)
it's alright. not too much hostility, but there seems to be quite a few easily distracted people.
i'm not a huge fan of great american. yeah, the sightlines are pretty good. and yeah, the new video screen is cool. but the riverboat in center field is cheesy and ugly. and the outside is so extremely bland.

i wish cincinnati would have done something better than crowd the riverfront with stadiums with nothing interesting around them. hopefully the banks will improve the scene down there.

*edit: typos.
i think you are on point with a lot of this. huff does have a lot of questions sure, and yet there were even more questions last year with him offensively and defensively then this year, so i find myself less worried than i was a year ago.

ross is certainly no stud in the outfield or with the bat, yet i don't think he is terrible either, plus we have a very deep outfield and can replace him with quite a few people(derosa,burrell,schierholtz,rowand,belt) at any time. this kind of depth also spawns competition which creates better play from everyone.

believe it or not i think bumgarner will be the 4 and it will be zito at 5 when next year begins. especially if they follow the same philosophy as last year when they sat zito in the playoffs and put rowand on the bench for the tail-end of the season in favor of bumgarner and torres. they put talent over money, something that paid off considerably. something not a lot of teams are willing to do. i will also go so far as to say that bumgarner should be before sanchez in the rotation as sanchez is a headcase who can't efficiently battle adversity, though i don't see this happening for at least another year.

i can't confidently state anything about the yankees chemistry in 2009 as i wasn't following them as closely as any yankee fan, but i can account for the giants this year. i can say with absolute confidence that the giants team chemistry counted for quite a bit last season. we kept most of that chemistry intact for this year. our team played there ass off for each other last year and i see no reason that should change.

all that said, it's incredibly difficult to repeat and i think that there have been teams far better than the giants who were unable to do it. but just like last year, if the giants make it to the playoffs we can go to the ws riding our arms
i would ;)
it is a fine place, no complaints.
i love walking up to the park from the waterfront. and it seems like there isn't a bad seat in the house as well. safeco's a great park.
in my opinion the new yankee stadium took what was great about the old park and improved on everything.it's a great place to see a game if only it wasn't so @$%&amp;*$# expensive.
cbp is awesome. my stepson is a phillies fan and i go about once a summer when i'm up in the area.
its 2$ wednesday ticket days and it used to be $1 dollar hot dogs also but now its free hot dog thursdays! 
i'm not sure exactly when i'm gonna make it -- depends on a lot of stuff, least of which is when the bucs are in philly.  thanks for the tips!
when i lived in chicago i went to wrigley as an event.  i went to the cell to watch the game of baseball.  
hear, hear!
or is it here,here?
pac bell...err sbc...err att park, is fantastic.  new yankee stadium is also cool, just not as iconic or legendary as the old one
most dedicated crowd there is.
it's a shame it's such a terrible place for baseball nowadays; it's so cheap that otherwise i would go all the time.
the only problem with that is that the wave is an abomination. every year there are some idiots who try to start it up at an important game in san francisco; fortunately it usually doesn't work.
i want aa and the rogers team to one day soon announce they received an angel investment as well as new designs for the stadium to incorporate:

* real grass
* a renovated roof structure that allows for real grass - plexiglass or something that allows natural light but with a motorized shield to control the influx of light during concerts or monster jam.
* some sort of holographic/3d imagining to project the outside weather or something on the roof from the inside. this would be freaking awesome!

i really wish they would just spend a few thousand here and there to cover up and decorate the blank facades of the stadium inside and out, and on the field level, cover the blank blue concrete with advertising or something.

also, some symetrical hd video boards to show pitch count, score, etc.

anyways having said that... the 100 level concourse is probably one of the best, roomiest places i've been to in a stadium, even though the only other one ive been to is commerica.

i am so thankful for my park. everyday i wake up happy that i grew up in boston just because i get to call fenway my home park. i don't care if it is ridiculously overpriced and cramped, there is no other park like it. i have lived in other cities and been to plenty of other parks, it is just my opinion. i just also appreciate the history, and energy there. 
whenever i wish of having a time machine, i always think "but there's no amoxicillin. or advanced medical care whatsoever." and i realize that i'm quite happy today. not that i don't wish for videos to exist from then. 
it mostly starts here when people get bored. i dont really care about it one way or the other, it was just fun in busch 2, which was literally a perfect circle. it wouldnt ever stop, cause there was nothing to stop it.
you're kidding right?  an absolute classic, complete with a great neighborhood and the best fans in the world vs. a plastic/metal piece of crap with no character in a neighborhood where you're only choice is to hop in your car or on the el and high tail it out of there after a game.  i think you sox fans are jealous for always being the second most popular team.  
the latter
cliff lee?
cliff lee?
nobody should embrace the dh, as it is an abomination.
juan gonzalez's lasting mark as a tiger is that left field fence.  scratch that, it's his only mark.
agreed.
really?  not even ruth's called shot in the world series?  

i would take the lights out.  baseball at wrigley is meant to be played in the sun.
normally i would be with you on torres, but there are real indicators that his success is repeatable. earlier in his career, he was trained to be a slap hitter because of his swing; in 2008, he changed it and modeled it after albert pujols. the results have been clear. plus he's on meds for adhd now, which helps his concentration.
back a decade ago, there were a lot more executives with corporate tickets who couldn't be bothered about the team. nowadays that's much less true. i'd say that the crowd in san francisco supports its team pretty well.

it's wellemeyer, btw.
in the aa. in the nl, you couldn't get beer at all.
as a white sox fan who watches more cubs games than most cubs fans, i cringe every time i see that awful red toyota sign.
if you message the mod dtardif, who is awesome btw, he will hook you up. tell him you want the devil rays logo. they also have aaa affiliate durham bulls logo if you please. 
i grew up in maryland and went to a bunch of orioles games then moved to boston. i loved camden yards but i think i like the energy and history of fenway more.
that starburst thing is so stupid. they could have made them the rays -- just a generic sting ray. not a vague description of super intimidating photons. i wear my old d-rays gear to the trop in open defiance. 
poor bartlett. he looked so upset after that. talk about dumb luck.
morons, mostly
michael young's offensive numbers are less impressive if he is a dh rather than an infielder.

i have a feeling that is why soriano resisted being moved to the outfield: even as the most error-prone 2b in the game with only a .309 obp, his 30+ hrs were viewed as being bigger because he was a 2b.  
awesome.  ill have to make a trip up there in a few years when my son is older(only 18 months right now).
i'm a loyal royals fan, and i have to put in a vote for kauffman stadium. love the fountains, love crown vision (i believe the biggest hd screen in mlb) and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. 
sorry, when i go to a baseball field i like to actually watch the game of baseball rather than be annoyed by obnoxious, drunk frat boys rooting for a hopeless team.
very well put.
jacob's field (i don't care what the hell they're calling it now, it'll always be jacob's field to me) is gorgeous. not a bad seat in the house.

i remember going to games at cleveland municipal stadium, and the new park is such a huge improvement. 
you are comparing apples to oranges here. he is talking about the the baseball field and neighborhood, while you are talking about the fans and winning streak. popular team =/= winning team.
i agree with the above two and have therefore given them upvotes.
i so badly wish to visit and see a game in person. one day!
the point i was trying to get across was that a major part of my opinion of a ballpark comes from the environment in the stands. when i'm at wrigley i feel like i'm surrounded by people who are clueless about the sport they are watching, they just want to cheer for the team on the field because it's what all their friends are doing.
i love safeco field, i try my best to go there as often as i can during the summer. i've always felt that a fountain in center field where the trees used to be would be perfect and completely bring the ballpark together though. i know that's the batter's eye and all but it's the only ugly part of the ballpark in my opinion.
i'm hoping that it's renamed to dave niehaus memorial ballpark or something similar someday. it's only right. 
how much is parking? we have to pay a ridiculous 17 bucks just to park.
really? "most" people don't know what inning it is? i'm so sick of this. wrigley attracts a lot of tourists and casual fans, but to imply that most people have no clue what is going on is ridiculous.
agreed. one thing i love about it is sitting on the 3rd base side, looking up with the roof open and gazing at the cn tower... it's an awesome view.
really? this again? a lot of the people in the ballpark annoy me too, but it's still a great stadium.
the only thing good about the original cell design was the architects of all the retro parks learned what not to do. it's much improved though.
i love the design of the outfield at petco park. i have only seen one game at that stadium but felt closer to the players than most other stadiums i have been to.  
except you have to deal with raider fans. they're crazy man!
as an architect with an interest in urban design, who also loves baseball, i love so much about wrigley. i wish it didn't attract so many tourists and casual fans, but there's a reason that they go there. it's a shame that this country's willingness to discard classic buildings and the suburbanization of the middle of last century caused so many classic stadiums to be abandoned, and only wrigley and fenway remain, but thank god they do. they're both amazing places.

that being said, i think the crappy facilities make it harder on the team to compete. and because it's a tourist attraction tickets are harder to get. 

i still wouldn't trade it for anything though.
i don't care how many signs they have to add to the place, i want a winning team.

that being said i do enjoy wrigley a lot. bleachers in rf are my favorite seats.
i have always wanted to go to miller park. i love milwaukee.
ha, to many props is spot on.  it's a nice park to be certain, that's all i can really say though. we're getting a new jumbo tron this year, i miss the score board in left, but the brick adds a nice touch.  i dunno, don't get me wrong, i can't wait for the new season, but the park just has a weird insecurity about it. also, the food kinda sucks... i swear, i do enjoy myself when i'm there. 
i love the ballpark in arlington.  it's beautiful but there is no culture surrounding it, just condos, parking lots, and jerry world.  i really liked old yankees stadium for the history and feel of the place.
or is it the ladder?
first cubs game is on the 27th of feb. against the a's. hopefully we'll have a new color announcer as well.
i love being right outside pnc park on a warm summer night. life doesn't get much better.
like it. plus it has a great view of the death star next door.
the fountains next to the  bullpen are such a beautiful touch. and when you're sitting in the upper deck, looking at the rocky mountains...few things compare. 

even if the rockies are losing. 
i always enjoy a game and you can't beat the price.  last year i paid $100 for a pair of tickets that were 8 rows behind home plate.  plus it is great because they allow you to bring in your own food and drinks (no cans for whatever reason and no alcohol).  it becomes a huge money saver when you can bring all the snacks and lunch you want.

the only sad thing that i hope will change soon is that is just feels so empty in there.  i think it can hold 50 000 people so it is pretty noticeable when there are 15 000 - 20 000 people.  needs to get back to how it was in the early 90s... 
after suffering through candlestick, anything would've seemed an improvement. att is quite nice.
not sure why you hate on turner field... it is really not that bad of a park. you're absolutely right about the transit problem, but that's on the city of atlanta. 

i go to a ton of games every season and i have spent probably .01% of my time even looking at tooner field. kids have short attention spans and i'm sure most ballparks have something similar for them to do.

sometimes the crowd isn't into the game, but i was at many a game last season where the crowd was really into it (especially near the end of the season).

the place formerly known as skip and pete's bbq is delicious. i recommend the knucksie combo (a heaping portion of bbq on cornbread topped with coleslaw in addition to 2 generous sides). it will run you about 8 bucks which is a solid deal considering concession prices.
as a giants fan, i absolutely approve of this.
yeah it must be weird seeing all that empty spaces where the ads usually are at the cell
my second home. during the off season i drive by sometimes just to check up on it.
as a reds fan, i approve. :)
that's okay, i've been to gab...same deal there. drunk idiots are that way everywhere
as a dodger fan, i approve also.
lol, the drums are the best part of the coliseum!
this will never happen.take over? seriously?
gracie, i hope!
someone is going to be an angel by spring training!
i will, only because i think it looks the best. personally, the one on the left sucks.
i loved the pre- mt. davis days. my dad took us there when i was a kid and loved it. i stopped going through mid and early high school days. went back and had a wtf happened moment.

i don't want them to move from oakland, but they deserve a better stadium.
is the point of this to troll the dodgers or do you really think the uniform is cool?

personally i think they're all cool.  nothing close to making the white sox wear shorts.
it's not that bad. its right off the highway and has light rail access, and i walk from fells point. 
whoever did this is maybe one of the worst people in the world.
u mad
yeah, i love that segway.
maybe something along the lines of percentage of steal attempts by opposing players?

the lower the percentage reflects on how a catcher a) is able to corral wild pitches to prevent runners from advancing b) stopping steal attempts c) and the general respect that runners have for the catcher if, say, he has a good arm like you mentioned.

edit: i realized that being unable to stop a wild pitch counts as an error and runners advancing wouldn't be considered "stealing base"....but i still think there has to be some way to make a stat that combines number of steal attempts and number of runners advancing from wild pitches.
i don't know, how about you ask your left side of the infield? 
i actually know one of the ground keepers for the stadium. i agree with what you've said, the stadium has a nice simplicity to it, although i think some of that has been nixed by the front office looking to sell merchandise. in recent years they have put those two tents out front as ways to sell more money (that way people also wouldn't have to go all the way to the very top of the stadium to see all the merchandise) which is an eyesore to me. it remains to be seen if the stadium can retain its charm with the new dodger town they are constructing  around the stadium, like some promenade more appropriate for sunset blvd. 

aside from all this and my love of the stadium, i've always felt tension with the construction of the ball park. chavez ravine was initially a quiet and secluded mexican-american community in the 50's, the people were basically forced out of their homes and offered little monetary incentive to do so. homeowners were promised the opportunity to live in a new housing complex that was on the up and up of architecture at the time, instead the mccarthyism at the time criticized the housing complex as communist and dangerous. so instead chavez ravine was demolished and sold to the incoming brooklyn dodgers. 

it makes me think that an entire community was set back and taken advantage of. [don normack](http://www.google.com/images?hl=en&amp;q=don+normark&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;source=univ&amp;ei=ed9qtaodfdt3gaeo-7s1ca&amp;sa=x&amp;oi=image_result_group&amp;ct=title&amp;resnum=3&amp;ved=0cdqqsaqwag&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=675) has some great photos that he took of the chavez ravine before it was demolished. 

tldr: love/hate relationship. 
clearly you were adopted by a family of trolls at birth.
being from montreal and going to yankee stadium for the first time in my entire life...and seeing a-rod hit his 600th home run.

made me really miss baseball back here in montreal.
free hat day was cool too.  my friend snagged an awesome snap back.
so i mean yeah the stadium isn't the greatest and its not in the greatest spot, but there are other things that make up for it.  
i would agree, even though im a sf fan, my first game was in that park.
in like the 5th grade they had a "read 10 books get as tickets" and i did. my dad took me and it was the best day ever.  i will be sad if they do move, but they do need a new stadium.
if the duke is healthy, the orioles have minimum 3 good starting pitchers. 

if uehara/gregg/gonzalez/berken pitch to their ability, then the bullpen is decent. 

i don't know if its the pitching that will do in this team. if anything it will be the strikeout machines reynolds and jones. 
the argument that burrell is a mess only flies when he was in tampa.  it is quite obvious that he hated life there, and it definitely affected his performance.  if you spread his numbers out for a whole season what he accomplished as a giant last year, he is right back up to where he was with his last year in philly.  assuming he is in shape and healthy, i would have no problem believing he will put up numbers comparable to last year.  figure, .250-260 ba, 25-30 hr.  

baseball is an emotional game too.  if your heart is in it, your bat will follow.
they just need to get rid of that last ugly rusty pillar from the vet. i'm all for honoring the past and keeping relics from veterans stadium, but the pillar is not attractive, neither is the billboard atop it. it kills the view to the city. 

http://www.chrisputro.com/ballparks/20040725%20citizens%20bank%20park%20-%20field%20and%20skyline.jpg
online voting is serious business.

and yes, i would vote the dodgers into pink dresses given the option.
is there anyone in the farm for you guys? 
well, burrell will eventually be replaced by brandon belt, probably the best 1b prospect in baseball.
the quietest, geriatric crowd in a while and they overpower the real fans by 2.5:1. that's a good thing as they are respectful, possibly knowledgable but they are easily distracted by the jumbotron video which is great.

the thing is we need more rowdy fans, more fans that cheer loudly, and that make the home team feel like they can pull it out even though they probably can't. there were a few times i've been told to sit down for blocking the view or quiet down because i'm cheering too loud and they can't hear the game both times by adults way over 40.

to clarify, the first time was watching doc halladay pitch his way out of a 0 out, 2 on situation and i was standing and cheering for that last strike which he got. 

the other scenario was when i was down the line and clapping and yelling my ass off when we had no one on and down a crapload vs. texas...we won that game 16-10.

but...we have a very knowledgable fan base and when we are ready, when we're in it in september, they will come and it will be glorious.
we could use him at 3rd base....just it'd be a year too late as his best friend vernon wells is gone. 
i can relate to this
anything is better than "lard ass" josh bell. 
the upside this team has is incredible.  6 guys who are capable of hitting 20+ home runs (posey, sandoval, burrell, belt, torres, and huff), you have three guys on your rotation capable of cy young seasons, one who would also be up there if he walked fewer batters, and barry zito, who is nothing if not durable and has demonstrated he is capable of at least average production.  i think the confidence the team has, the atmosphere of winning, and high expectations will also be beneficial.

ultimately, all they really have to do is win the division, as the playoffs are really a crapshoot after that.  especially those division series.  i am hoping for a phillies giants rematch in the nlcs.  it would be poetry for those rotations to see each other again.

edited for grammar
yankees/red sox, too much said. i believe you all have found the wrong website, [espn](http://www.espn.com) is thataway &lt;/east coast bias joke&gt;
kauffman? oh, you mean [busch stadium west](http://lh3.ggpht.com/_4axs6ujtjqm/stvz8vo_j7i/aaaaaaaaxai/pbgmfyoevrw/s640/100_1736.jpg)?
who, for reasons unknown, tees off on cliff lee.
his skills aren't even the major concern; he's apparently horrifically out of shape and being asked to play the hot corner and catch up to major league heat. 

case in point; 53 ks to two walks. two. and a .963 fielding percentage. 

apparently he was almost 250 pounds last season. 




i agree mostly. i do have a super secret parking location that's only $5, easily accessible and not terrible for tailgaiting purposes. the game presentation is usually pretty embarrassing as you're completely right about the fans going nuts over the fucking tool race and t-shirts getting shot in the crowd, plus every inning is some dumb ass promotion. i went to game 4 against the giants this year and instead of playing those dumbass games they just pumped in club music and it actually really kept the atmosphere up.  that was a great atmosphere, although game 3 was better (i couldn't go though...)

the biggest problem with atlanta sports is that people are only really interested in college football and baseball is just some passing fancy for most people to pass the time in summer before college camps start. that being said, when the braves are good turner field can be a solid baseball crowd. last year was actually a notable difference in the enthusiasm of the turner crowds. lots of it stemmed from the preseason excitement of jason heyward and continued as the team started winning some exciting games. hopefully that continues this year.

turner field is not terrible. it's hard to find a really bad view, the tickets are pretty cheap and on nice days it's a great place to watch a ball game. that being said... it's in a horrid part of town. there's absolutely nothing around it and there won't ever be anything around it. there's parking lots and then some run down neighborhoods, hardly idyllic. it's also about 10,000 seats too large. i've been to games where there are over 56,000 people crammed in there and yet it still feels like it's hard to generate a great atmosphere. 

i guess my final analysis is that it could be worse.
that's a strikeout every 3 at bats for him. 

he claims he's down to 230, which is arod's claimed weight. we'll see. 
really? i thought the left one looked the best... its the one i voted for lol.
that's a damn shame. he's been good to the rangers for years. i hate to see guys not able to retire with their clubs. 
it is my favorite place in the world.  

i've been to quite a few parks, and pnc ranks right up there for me, too.
good call. upvote! i love this baseball community. i learn more about the game and its fans!
our hot dogs come with cream cheese, tyvm
sadly, i must agree.
i wish i could actually vote for satin, it would be the equivalent of george castanza putting the yankees in cotton...
i do feel bad for cubs fans having this reputation.  i think the locations really say a lot about the atmosphere of the ballpark.  wrigley is located in the heart of the north side bar scene, whereas... well let's just say i doubt a lot of people want to be out partying late at night around 35th &amp; shields.  people (usually) are only going to show up at the cell if they are serious about seeing a ball game, whereas i feel that wrigley invites people to feel the history of the franchise all around them and take in a spectacle and have a good time, even if it means not all of the fans are on the edge of their seats every pitch.

attendance for the sox sucks given the market they are in and the fact that they have been a playoff caliber for the past half decade and have a championship on their belt.  fans fail to pack the park on big games in recent years even when they've been in the playoff picture.

wrigley (although the past few years have seen a small decline in attendance) almost always packs the house, yet the team really never was in the playoff hunt last year, and had big let downs in previous years.  they are chicago's team, and in a lot of ways they are america's team behind the yankees, as they have a huge national fanbase thanks to nationally televised wgn games.  so, with more popularity and a great location for letting loose, there are going to be those obnoxious fans at the games.

both ball clubs have a lot of pros and cons, and i think it's only fair for a fan of either one to be realistic about both of them.  i've seen sox fans get just as drunk and obnoxious as cubs fans, but it doesn't seem to stick with the sox reputation as much, at least in my opinion.

sorry for the long post, i just felt like kind of playing the defender of both teams, in a sense.
yes, this, exactly.  whenever someone comes to visit in chicago and asks what to do, i tend to give them some version of your response if they are a baseball fan.  it might also have something to do with my sox bias and the fact that they have had more success recently, but i agree with this sentiment.  the cell can never match the atmosphere of a packed house at wrigley (except october '05), but going to a sox game in the end is all about the game.

oh, and better food :-)
the past 2 times i've sat in the bleachers at wrigley, i've had a total of 3 whole beers spilled on me, and gotten zero apologies.  super drunk fans in the bleachers.  i got pretty annoyed.  but then again, last year i went to a sox game and sat next to a super wasted guy as well.  the difference was that he kept buying my friends and i peanuts :-)

but seriously, i agree with your sentiment that there are more of the obnoxious drunks as cubs fans, but i also have to give them a lot of props for year in and year out supporting a team that hasn't and won't win a championship for quite some time.  sox fans only come out to support the team if we look championship-ready, and sometimes not even though.  there are lots of drunks at both ballparks, the difference is that you usually have to really want to catch a ballgame to make it all the way to the cell, as it's not like there's really anything else to do around there compared to clark st.
oh hey look, it's a bleacher report article and it fucking sucks.

seriously, for the good of r/baseball, stop submitting stuff from this abortion of a site.
i played for 3 years.  my first year was playing tee ball at the age of 5 where we were all little tard kids running bases.  my second year the next developmental step in the leagues was cut for a lack of baseball players at my age. underhand throwing was skipped straight to young 7 year old pitchers who seriously aimed straight at me.  i got beaned fifty times that year in a small amount of games.  i was good at stealing bases and running home.  

the next year at age 8 i was terrified of the ball whenever it came at me.  i was sure it was going to hit me so i moved out of the box during every pitch.  i just couldn't view the ball well enough to move out of the way in time.  baseball sucked for me but i still love to watch it.
try to be a dodger fan and get civility from the giants fans in here.  it's not easy being blue.
beer and garlic fry $5.00 combo?
i miss taco/taquito tuesdays.  mmmmm.
whoa whoa whoa -- the drums are back in oakland?  like real people drumming?

this brings back great memories of some amazing early 2000 teams, but i haven't lived in california for the past two baseball seasons.
those fucking beach balls.  wtf?  i mean seriously -- why? 

i get that a lot of dodger fans hate them too and i've been cheered by dodgers fans when i pop them (even in giants gear), but they are soo prevalent.
why wouldn't one of the chosen games be against the "ny" giants in their old unis? i think they're missing a good opportunity to rekindle the rivalry, which should be good this season.
that's the game, alright. 

to be fair there were a few games in which aj pitched that left me with less than wonderful memories.
unless you're a cubs fan visiting family in town.  rudeness abounds.
upvote.  i actually agree with you on this.
hyperbole? on *my* internets?!
the cut-off t-shirt has finally made it back to stl where it belongs.
had to vote for the 1931 jersey. sorry, sir. 
i'm 35 years old. i had been playing on and managing a team in an amateur adult (hardball) league up until this past summer. i decided to hang 'em up when we were eliminated from the playoffs last year.

it will feel bizarre not suiting up and running out onto the field with the fellas this spring. the league was getting younger and more competitive and i was definitely not. 

**tl;dr**: i'm an old fart who just quit.
yes there is. there is a kid in st. louis named pujols, the yankees can sign him and put him back @ 3b moving a-rod to dh.
i played from tee ball to sophomore year in high school. baseball was my passion and i played whenever possible. sophomore year i made varsity and played for possibly the biggest asshole i ever met. for the first time in my life i did not enjoy baseball and going to practice became a chore (and for those who might think my unhappiness was due to tougher competition or something related to on-field performance, i was the starting ss and leading off by the end of the year so that wasn't the issue). 

after being harrassed by my friends all junior year i tried playing again my senior year. i figured i loved baseball and i wasn't going to let some asshole ruin it for me. i quit halfway through my senior year because i was miserable. things were actually worse my senior year as the coach had checked out and was more interested in the freshman team with some good, young players on it. the day i tried to teach our 1b that he was using the wrong foot on the bag (he was a righty and would stretch to catch balls from me at ss with his left foot on the bag) and the coach got pissy at me i knew my playing days were over.

a friend of mine was recently telling me about the adult league he plays in over the summer. i'm thinking about playing again though i know i won't deal well with how bad i'll be. fuck it, i love baseball and i'd rather play poorly than not play at all.
i agree. i've even learned to like some yankees fans!

can't wait for 2011 season to start...
you should get a logo, chief.
last year i made it out to 5 or 6 games. it's still a lot of fun, but you're always looking at the forecast and crossing your fingers. in 2 of the games i went to we had some rain, nothing serious, but we still got a little wet out there. 

have you seen [this shot](http://i.imgur.com/gsqfv.jpg) of the new ballpark?
were you in the bleachers? sorry for your experience at busch. i had food thrown on me and was spat on at the friendly confines.
agreed that people just want to bitch.  and they are looking through their rose colored glasses if they don't remember shea as a shithole (despite the awesome times there). the best game i went to there in terms of the crowd was a game between the mets and braves that was rain delayed for awhile (and eventually postponed)  but it was on espn, and no one in the lower decks actually showed up.  so in about the 4th inning they told everyone that if you could find a seat on the field level you were free to move down.

i moved down to the mid deck so i could stay under the overhang, but when all the rowdies from the upper deck moved to the field level you could really hear the strength a good crowd could bring to that place.  the shitty thing is that they are all priced out of those seats normally.
when was the last time you went? they've made a lot of improvements, including putting a blue smoke and box frites stand in the upper deck food court.

also, all the fancy food places in citizen's bank park are in cf too, it's pretty standard at this point.

and on top of that, there is no point to going to shake shack during the game if you care about the game.  whenever i want to go to shake shack i always get there early and go before first pitch.  generally you are through the line in 15 minutes at that point.
marlins fan here (waiting on my logo!)

crowd = non-existent

or

crowd = cheering louder for away team.

yeah it stinks

one of my good friends lives out there and is a huge a's fan.  i'm pretty sure his parents have full season tickets for about the same i paid for a 15 game pack at citi field :(
look bad? no.  look hilarious? yes.

voted.
haha ... i'm actually the wrong person to ask. i haven't been in california since 2006, and the drummers were still there then.
gotta love the skyline view from new busch.  they did a great job with that.
no, first base line at the old busch.  that was nothing compared to walking the streets in st. louis or even st. charles.  they hated me in st. chuck (except for my family).

it's frustrating at wrigley.  i always try to stick up for the opposing fans who are just there to enjoy the game, but the idiots that trash talk and get in fights bring it on themselves.  i've definitely met some really cool fans of other teams in the bleachers at wrigley.
those are both of my reasons. from a player's point of view, i can't imagine i'd enjoy wearing a satin uniform -- but i think seeing a bunch of millionaires run around in shiny tops and pants would be hilarious. and from a fan's perspective, i have always loved those unis, ever since i was a little kid and i read about them in the "worst uniforms" chapter in the "[baseball hall of shame](http://www.amazon.com/baseball-hall-shame-bruce-nash/dp/0671687662)."
the dodgers lost the right to wear "brooklyn" when they moved to another time zone, god damnit.
the only good thing about the cell is that there are always tickets available.  early september, 1.5 games ahead of the visiting twins?  sure we've got two seats for you in the third row in right center field.  that'll be $10.
i think brooklyn actually had two uniforms in that chapter. the powder blue satin unis, and the early 1900s [checkered uniform](http://books.google.com/books?id=34mgwmynrwic&amp;pg=pa51&amp;lpg=pa51&amp;dq=brooklyn+dodgers+checkered+uniform&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=olloh9u5ow&amp;sig=t5hxwanudv987j8tf-kan_3e6dm&amp;hl=en&amp;ei=5lzrtdzidoyctgfat4j8cq&amp;sa=x&amp;oi=book_result&amp;ct=result&amp;resnum=3&amp;ved=0ceuq6aewag#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false). 
i pretty much agree with everything you said, and there are a lot of pros and cons to both teams and stadiums. i don't know why the cubs' cons seem to stick in people mind's more, but they do. a lot of the fans in wrigley annoy me, but it bugs me when they are portrayed as the typical cub fan.
hyperbole is the worst thing ever!
there's something really hollywood about watching dodger home games at that park. yellow booth seats look like a horse track, blue skies all the time and of course the most prepared, rehearsed announcer in the history of sport.
the cell does have better food. 

and just because the atmosphere at wrigley is different, doesn't mean it can't also be about the game being played. they are not mutually exclusive.
i used to like sitting on the 3rd base side - the great view of downtown, and no view of the big screen above left field bleachers. unfortunately this offseason the twins added a second ginormous tv in right field so now there's no escape except maybe dead center field which has almost no seats.

the team you like sucks!
minute maid park (enron).  awesome place for a game.  especially since they will be installing this, http://assets.bizjournals.com/houston/news/astrosvideoboard.jpg?v=1, for this season.  even though the team does not have high expectations its a beautiful place to see a game.  

other favs are busch, camden, turner, wrigley, fenway.  
look i love the stadium, but the train is pointless.  at least they are spending their money on this, http://assets.bizjournals.com/houston/news/astrosvideoboard.jpg?v=1


this guy's story checks out.
the cell is boring.  went there in 06 for the rematch of the 05' series and you guys killed us again.  i think i remember you guys hitting 3 grand slams in 3 straight games.  dont get me wrong its nice, but lacking character.  
one of the best parks i have been to, and ive been to a few.  

this is going to be awesome.

http://assets.bizjournals.com/houston/news/astrosvideoboard.jpg?v=1
i'd take him. plug him into third till lawrie shows up, then move him to full-time dh. 
all about the game at wrigley?  you mean all about throwing beers on opposing players?  all about drinking and being annoying as hell and not knowing shit about the game.  those are the most numerous fans at wrigley.  

turner field is great.  the ballpark is much better in person.  tv does not do it any justice.  you can actually talk to an opposing fan without the fear of him throwing their beer in your face.  cub fans need to grow up.  
yes.  definitely the reflective unis.
and probably the most dangerous place to watch a game for opposing fans.
agreed!  i've only been here for a couple of weeks, and already i know this is the oasis of sports discussion on the internet.  
no, the team you like sucks. the women who comprise the fanbase of my team are also more attractive than their female counterparts from that of the team you pledge your allegiance to.
this sounds exactly like what i went through. i played spring summer fall until i got the chance to join the varsity squad. coach turned out to be a total chode. yelling at guys, throwing the bats around, acting like a child imo. it made the game not fun anymore. i miss it from time to time. work softball just isn't the same.
i laughed because http://www.planetizen.com/node/27872
i've played since i was a little kid and still play to this day in the arizona senior men's league with my little brother. i played high school. quit my senior year because of my coach then walked on to my college team because my assistant basketball coach was watching my brother and i play catch after basketball practice one day and asked us both to try out. i was his setup man. needless to say one of my favorite college experiences playing basketball and baseball with my bro.

after school when i was about 24 i got this wild hair that i could still pitch at a high level so i tried out for the royals on an open tryouts. i made the first day then....fail! i've stuck to recreational baseball since then. my shoulder doesn't allow me to pitch anymore so i play wherever i'm needed on defense minus catcher
that's the exact same order i have for the top 3
i love the incessant cow-belling
unforgivable.
pnc is my favorite park i've been to. the walk across the bridge to see the game, the purple lights at night, the beautiful skyline, pirates in hedges in center field. it's amazing.
i met manny a few years back when the red sox played the padres. i was working in the mall one morning and he comes walking into my store. i had about a 20-25 minute conversation with him, and ever since then have not cared what anyone else thinks of him. 
they are the bane of my summer. 
i went to college in st louis for 4 years and just returned to boston this past summer. on my last day in st louis i went to see the cards play, it's one of my fondest memories of the city. it wasn't my first game (and hopefully wont be my last). our christmas card this year had me and my brother standing on the upper deck with the arch in behind us.
happens in fenway all the time. it should be outlawed.
came in here to say this.  i've been to safeco, i've been to petco, and pac bell blows them both out of the water (that water being the pacific ocean).
this was back when they were not-so-good though, you'd have a lot tougher time getting those tickets today, especially for a big time timmy jim game.
the best un-official holiday of the year!!! only 4 more days!
i played from t-ball and pitched through high school. i wanted to play d-3 in college but too many shoulder injuries make it almost impossible to throw a baseball now. looking back i wish i hadn't pitched through the pain for so long, as my coaches advised, and went to see a doctor. 
the beauty of being a royals fan is that no one is cruel enough to troll you.
i couldn't agree more. i love the nfl but r/nfl is a nightmare! 
i take issue with this map in regards to utah.  you never see rockies fans out here.  the majority are fans of the dodgers, angels, cubs, and white sox.

dodgers = pioneer league - ogden raptors

angels = pacific coast league - salt lake bees &amp; pioneer league - orem owlz teams

cubs &amp; white sox = this might also explain southern idaho.  utah and surrounding states used to pick up chicago television stations.  that stopped sometime in the mid-nineties.
i like you.
standing ovation.
played since i was a toddler, then quit after 8th grade because i was sick of the local baseball program.

i didn't pick up a ball for 10 years. started playing in a wood bat rec league three years ago (at age 24), and really re-ignited my love for the game. i'm managing and playing for our team this season.

can't friggin wait until the snow melts!
join a rec team. it's awesome.

i quit just before high school, then 10 years later joined an adult league (wood bats, so much more fun than aluminum).

i was super rusty at first, but it all came back eventually. hell, practicing with my teammates is just as fun as playing the games!
i played up until high school. i was always on the all-star teams in little league and sandy koufax, but was never good enough that i'd get to play every inning or pitch on a big time traveling team. so, when i went to high school and the team had won the state championship and was ranked number one in the nation i opted for retirement rather than spend a ton of time and money to sit on the bench all the time. i stick to softball now.  
**tl;dr:** i played until everyone was way better and more serious than me in high school.
little league until freshman year of high school. my dad was always my coach. parents divorced, dad wanted more time with his new wife more than coaching, plus the fact i was coming into my own as a musician, and baseball fell off the radar. pretty stupid mistake, when i look back on it. i was definitely good enough to play high school, probably further. 
nothing disgusts me more than to see red at the k. i do remember the one time the cards played a [meaningful series in kc](http://cache1.asset-cache.net/xc/88796336.jpg?v=1&amp;c=iwsasset&amp;k=2&amp;d=77bfba49ef878921cc759df4ebac47d073af0f8b08eb65c22fc0339a37f015914e1481d432f3358c) though
i may still draft him in fantasy baseball. good for some w's in september.
are you peeved?
i agree.  it's a beaut.
can't help but remember this from last year: http://vimeo.com/9497306
it's just okay.  the dimensions are still ridiculous even after the alterations, and it lacks real personality.  i like how they involved the skyline of grand circus park. 

i also agree with you on the views.  very mediocre.  it almost feels like the lower deck is bigger than the field.

the location is probably the best part.  the surrounding area has really come to life since the stadiums were built.
nice bit of sleuthing, bp.  especially the part where claudell washington hit the foul ball that ferris caught.
as a dodgers fan, i say you might as well dress them up in clown suits because the fucking mccourts have turned the whole club into a circus. 
where did you play college ball?
i love truck day. i makes me feel like after a long, shitty winter, everything is going to be ok.
back in my day we had to actually dodge trolleys to get to ebbets field and see the superbas play. now, to get to the field cost a nickel, and in those days nickels had bumblebees on 'em. "give me five bees for a quarter", you'd say.
:)
incredibly boring. only get loud when the scoreboard tells them to.
i played from t-ball on and played two years in college until i tore my rotator cuff in the middle of a bullpen. i still play and pitch in an adult league that consists mostly of former college, amateur, and pro players anywhere from 19-30 but i can no longer gas like i used to and mostly just cruise at a nice pace when i'm not playing 1st or the outfield.

fuck i love baseball, i miss the smell of the grass and dirt and seeds and chalk and leather and wood and arggh!1!! 

*takes a deep breath*

my season starts at the end of march and mlb is right around the corner.......i think i can make it
to me, yankees stadium reminds me of the roman colosseum, especially during playoff season.  you get the distinct impression that yankees fans are out for blood.

yankees fans don't love our team in the same way as other fans do - we *expect* greatness, and will boo a future first ballot hall of famer if he strikes out with the bases loaded.
this is awesome- i always wondered if it was a real game or not.
great american isn't my favorite park, but it certainly isn't the worst park in baseball.  i wish it would be more like pnc park, but that's the only thing of the pirates that i covet.
...for now.
i played from the moment i could swing a bat until my sophomore year of high school. since i'm a lefty, my brother taught me how to pitch when i was very young. i absolutely loved pitching and would spend countless hours in the backyard throwing against one of those elastic ball-return nets. i never had the fastest arm, but my brother compensated for that by teaching me how to throw change-ups and curveballs at a relatively young age. in little league i consistently made the all-star team and set league records for strikeouts. turns out 12-15 year old kids can't hit off-speed pitches :)

in high school it all went downhill... my coach was a complete asshole, as were a lot of the kids on my team. i got through my freshman year by trying my best to block out the taunts from the douchebags on my team, and thought i'd give it one more shot the next year. since my sophomore year wasn't any better, i decided to call it quits.

 looking back, there is no doubt in my mind that i could have gotten some sort of a scholarship to at least a d3 school had i kept at it. it's a shame that people can be cruel enough to the point where they make a kid quit a sport that he spent his entire life loving.
i'll meet you back here during the 2014 alcs
i played from before i can really remember until my junior year of high school. though, i never actually played for the school team. i know it's cliche, but the politics for baseball at my school were ridiculous. i grew up playing with all the kids on the team, and knew for a fact i was better than 60% of them, but i didn't play on the summer tournament teams with the coaches. it was very disillusioning. i still go take grounders and bp with some of my friends fairly regularly, and i recently found out there's a wood bat league in my town, so i'm going to try and get on a team this spring i think. even though i'm probably terrible now, i still feel at home on a diamond. 
hang in there. in a few years your team will be a serious threat. (mine will have a few pensioners trying to play defense/pitch.) you'll have people cursing you and your "bandwagon" pals in no time!
i feel your pain bud
[the royals bandwagon since 1985](http://images.onehourparkingshow.com/wordpress/caulkwagonandfloat.jpg)
traffic was better back then.
i played all the way up until varsity baseball where in the winter workouts the coach was a great guy.  then spring practices started and he became an ass.  took all the fun out of the game.  i loved working hard and improving myself in every aspect of the game but when you're not having fun while doing it, it just becomes work.  tom selleck in mr. baseball said it best:
"baseball's a game...and games are supposed to be fun."
they should remake the movie where he skips school, does a drug deal, brutally beats some rivals, steals the car with no remorse, but ends up at a white sox game.
i am a giants fan who has actually let a dodgers fan in my house.  i think that i deserve some sort of humanitarian award for that.

i will try being nicer to dodgers fans, especially as long as you keep fielding teams like you did last year.
just whiskey huh?  
but did he make it back *out* of your house?
i'm hoping that the 403 error was intentional ;)
not surprising since he was a sportscenter anchor before he got involved with politics.
day game at comerica, then drinks at cheli's, then show at the fox, then night cap at hilton garden in makes for a pretty good weekend with friends or a date.  once you park, you never need your car until you leave.  
i played from 5 till freshman year in high school, then everyone else hit there growth spurt but me.

i am still interested in playing hard ball but kind of intimidated by the fact that i'm 31 and haven't played competitively in 16 years. 
well it's my step dad, so... maybe
i think its more amazing that he actually had a foul ball hit to him.  you can't make that sort of stuff happen.
if your car is still there, that is.
i lol'ed
baseball really isn't a smack-talking sport and you can't throw batteries over the internet, so the giants fans can't do anything and i doubt that instead of mugging you that white sox fans are going to start sending me letters claiming to be nigerian millionaires.
i am on the bandwagon. 
&gt; the yankees should really trade montero sooner rather than later.

i just disagree with the idea that they should trade him in general.

&gt; the longer we wait to deal him, the more of a chance he has at suffering an injury or losing value.

or he proves his worth in the mlb as an excellent hitter and increases his value.

&gt; if we could get a great starter for a future dh on a team that's already a powerhouse but lacks in pitching, we'd be set for quite a while.

i just don't think there are many arms out there that i would move montero for. felix hernandez and josh johnson are really the only two, and it would still take a big haul outside of jesus to get those deals done.

i think the best idea for the yankees long term (while not giving up on 2011) is to rough out the first half of the season with mitre/nova on the backend of the rotation then pick up someone at the deadline. by next season (2012), one of bracktancuelos will be ready for the show.
i played from like 5th grade through college. power hitting 1st baseman almost all the way up. now i meet up once or twice a week with fellow brooklynites and mess around with a 6-inch :-/ i looked for some hardball to get into but with no avail. it's fine though.. i play with a good group of guys (and girls). 
amazing. something we both can agree upon.
i sincerely miss him as well. dan is cool, but joe was the best. 
maybe when he gets older he'll come back to the booth... 
he's always been a nerd for baseball and has talked about it all the damn time over the years on msnbc. he also just got the job at current tv which is just across the street from the greatest ballpark in the history of the universe, otherwise known as at&amp;t park. willie mays be praised. amen.
we can hope. i heard several years back that he much prefers calling football to baseball. who can blame him, really: tim mccarver doesn't call football.
that's what young wanted, too. but they kept moving him around (second to short to third to dh) and he just felt he wasn't very wanted. which is a shame, since everyone in the club said he's such a leader and an anchor. real shame. 
that was gorgeous. 
every time i put it on :)
you should see the yankees fans that swamp the baltimore sun orioles' forum to tell us how bad we are. 
"for my own protection", i wasn't given ws tickets to yankee stadium from a contest i won.

i love yankees fans. god bless 'em.
it's my fault.
well played, sir.

and by the way, us jays are still proud members of the "haven't-made-the-playoffs-since-the-'94-strike club"
i'd like to also point everyone to [this article](http://www.bbtia.com/home/2011/2/8/a-tale-from-two-perspectives.html) as the other side to this story. a whole lot of the media have squarely placed young as the ultimate victim. i love him to death, and if he goes i'm going to miss him like hell. but it's not like he couldn't see this kind of thing happening. 
probably so. i'm glad i saw them since the giants are my #3 team and lincy was amazing to watch. probably won't get another chance to see him pitch though.
&gt;i played from 5 till freshman year in high school, then everyone else hit there growth spurt but me.

me too. i tried out for freshman team as a catcher. i was 5' 2" and weighed 95 lbs soaking wet. i had to bring my own catching equipment every day to try outs because the stuff they had on hand was way too big. i got cut from the hs team, but continued to play babe ruth ball until i was 16. i was a pretty good lf on my beer league softball team in my 20s but my elbow can't handle throwing the ball any more. if i played now i'd have to catch or play 2b. plus i don't really have the time to play any more. if i did i'd love to try to play hard ball, but in a really non-competitive setting.

another great season of your team sucking!
there, there! or they're, they're? 
dude, i'm born and raised in new york, hating on boston teams is part of living here.
i love this sort of thing. i had a robin ventura poster ages ago; shea stadium's scoreboard was visible in the background. i don't remember what day the picture was taken anymore, but i did figure it out then.
the train is a great way to connect the stadium to the past history of the location and makes our stadium one of a kind.
i wish we had a real blood 'n' fire rivalry with someone. 


toronto fans are idiots. and not just in baseball, in every sport.
...and cam and sloane attack the 1b umpire.
i understand totally, have a lot of family from brooklyn. it's like hating on chicago is here
played from the time i was 6 all through high school, and then one year of junior college ball, and 1 year at a d2 school in northern ca. still play in an adult (18+) hardball league.

edit: wish i had cared more about it, i probably could've gotten drafted if i ever got my control down.
yeah i keep forgetting to message a moderator.
i played from 10-13 years old, but quickly forgot about baseball once i discovered punk rock, drugs and alcohol. i started watching baseball again when i was 19, on a whim, because i lived with a pretty big fan at the time. 

i'm 23 now, and this past summer, my friends and i managed to put together a weekly exhibition game with aluminum bats. we decided we were too young to give up and play softball, but we still liked getting drunk, so hence our baseball "league" was born. always 9+ people to a team, and if we ramp up our promotion, we might be able to expand to 4 teams. 

the best part is that of the ~25 or so regulars, only 2 or 3 people have ever played baseball past the age of 14. we don't have to feel bad that we're terrible. and i never got my heart broken by baseball. i developed a marketable skill independent of baseball, something i loved doing, and now playing is just another fun activity for the summer. 
there really is something special about him pitching in that park, so of all the people to see he was the one.  i've only seen him pitch live once (game 1 of the nlds) but the crowd was absolutely electric.  this city loves that goofy, long-haired stoner.
lewis and clark cc in illinois
i dunno, anytime i want to shut my mets-fan boyfriend up i just mention yadier molina....
i would say two wins away from a .500 season, assuming a 162 game regular season. 
[here's a dude who does similar forensic work.](http://baseballresearcher.blogspot.com/)
i started just above t-ball, and quit after 8th grade. by that point, i was an awful hitter. i honestly think i hit .000 my last year. if i hadn't been able to draw a walk or steal bases (as the runner for the catcher with 2 outs), i would have been completely useless. fortunately, by my last two years of baseball, i had found track, where i was better and much happier.
the food does suck!  hard pretzels, cold hot dogs, average burgers.  
ironically the wife and i are thinking of moving to boston. 

we'd need to find a good yankee bar there.
it'll always be the thunderdome in my book.
love the new park, but i still feel a huge loss when i pass the construction site next door. 


i wish i could have seen old yankee pre-renovation.
i always wonder that. i think you'd say they were 2 games under .500 -- so 2 losses away.
i was at a game a couple of years ago with a woman behind me. there were a lot of pop outs at the start of the game, and she was getting fed up with it. later, the m's started hitting grounders, a couple turned into double plays. her response was to cheer because "it wasn't another popup." 

at another game, a guy was sitting behind me. he didn't give a rats ass about baseball, and wanted to talk about the sounders the entire time. at one point, he needed to express how worldly he was, because he had been to futball games in italy. 

but in both cases, i felt that these people were dragged to the game by a friend that actually cared about the mariners, and needed someone to go with them. 


coke slides? holy shit! i'm there!
i've been to yankee stadium (the old one) only once. i sat behind center field, and later learned that these people were known as "bleacher creatures." 

it was by far one of my best (if not crazy) experiences at a baseball game. 
our team is fairly good and often outperforms your team in matches of skill and endurance.
played from t-ball until my senior year in high school. took a year off during freshman year of college, and am now playing slow pitch softball. however, i am lifting and still hitting the cages because i may try to play club baseball at my uni as a senior. i also coach baseball now with my brother.
im probably going to get a lot of heat for this, but can i honestly say i enjoyed pet co field? 
its big, but even the cheap seats were good, and there was insane amount of food choices, and the weather was amazing.
its still no att, but it wasn't to bad.
i'm not!
123 straight sell outs, that's all.
2 wins/losses away from a .500 season, but 4 games under .500
i'm in, might want to spread the word over at [r/fantasybaseball](http://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybaseball/) too.
i'm in (draft is 2 days after my birthday :d)
ahhhhh, it's that time again :)
i'm in. one of two leagues, this is way better than joining some random public league. thanks stlcards86
i started at tee ball and played up until my senior year of high school. i only played for my school team freshman and sophomore year due to personal issues i had with the coaches, and college scouts never came to our school anyway. but there was always a few at tournaments my select ball team that i was captain of played at.

i would still be playing today if it weren't for two consecutive ankle injuries my sophomore and junior year of high school. i could still barely run at the beginning of my senior year and just decided to call it quits :[

r/basball, i'm just a freshman in college. my ankles are all healed now, and are probably stronger than they used to be after my initial injuries thanks to the recovery programs i went through. i'm healthier overall actually, as i've lost some weight and built up more endurance. am i completely crazy if i start trying to legitimately back into the game at this point in my life? i'm only a year and a half removed from the game.
i tried joining, but it says the password isn't right/the league isn't available.

did y'all fill up *already?*

if not, what is it exactly?  for some reason the info in the post doesn't work...
i'm in, thank you sir!
junior giants! did it for a couple years as a kid.
i hope lawrie is the next evan longoria. early to mid season call up then rocks the shit!! :o
yep, i just tried to join as well, didn't work.
played from kindergarten to freshman year of high school. got cut from the freshman team, joined the track team, and wound up being really good at track, which i did for the next ten years. went to college at a really small school and kinda regret not trying out for baseball there, but i'm planning on finding summer leagues around the stl to keep playing in.
im down. we can just join by the looks of it?
ok for a fb noob?  i play ff obsessively, never played baseball.
we have a newer, more experienced pen. there are too many guys that i want there and 7 or 8 will not accommodate all of them. however, a lot of these guys were here for a year or two at least so i know what they have.

i personally want to see roeincke and jo-jo reyes a part of this team along with the new 3 incomers + frasor camp and purcey. but, janssen has a role to play in this too i guess.
everyone hates your mascot with the passion of a thousand suns.

so, keep him around for a while and you may have one.
sure.. active participation is 90% of the work.
i was having issues.. i was copy/pasting the password with the 1st letter capitalized, but it needs to be lowercase. also, make sure you're using the id# and not the league name? just a few things i over-looked the first time through. 
in! shoryukens
take good care of ryan ludwick, we miss him
i'm in. thanks!

i haven't done a head-to-head league in a while. this should be fun.
i'm in, never done a head-to-head baseball league before, should be fun.

however, i think innings pitched as a scoring category is a little weird.
just joined. i have a lot of studying to do. thanks for setting it up.
well you wont be the only noob. i joined as well.
joined. my team is aceaceaceacekendrick.

might i suggest that we do roto? i know it's a little late, but i really feel like it's a much better system.
sweet, but i've never seen a league where there are an uneven number of stats for hitters and pitchers...seems strange.

it really is. baseball is such a roller coaster of stats throughout a six month season. taking a one week snapshot is generally not fair. 
yes! i'm in. **grand theft ellsbury**. i'm going to hijack this league at gunpoint. can we make a subreddit for this league?
there are, however, tactical elements to the weekly variance in h2h that make the game more fun.

nothing against roto, i just prefer h2h. you could consider setting up a reddit roto league..
i hadn't before last year, but it makes sense. given that there's 16 teams, there's usually more depth in terms of batters than pitchers. this helps balance the relative priority during the draft.
in as new york mess.
h2h - where you start 3 closers!
are you frequently injured? do you have an inability to perform in the clutch? do you have a lack of respect for war veterans? are you latin? then the new york mets are looking - for you!
"welcome to the luis castillo school of fielding &amp; economics"
i've been downvoted on several occasions for being enthusiastic about my team or just for having an opinion. wait until the season starts and people really get into it.
i think our fans generally get an undeserved bad rep. sure, there are plenty of assholes but i have yet to have a problem with anyone at cbp or at the vet. 

i also think that philly has a lot of diehards and a lot of people who know the game well. we are a passionate sports town in general and i'd be willing to bet we even have a passionate sixers fan. 
in as damage inc. good luck people!
i'm in - pedroia's pedestal 
pdx bombers here. in the words of larry bird, "who's playing for second?"

looking forward to a great season.
yes! snagged a spot...3 left!
yeah he's a pretty awful mascot. the only one that compares is the philly fanatic. i mean, at least you can recognize dinger as a dinosaur. what the fuck is that thing?
farnsworth, btw...
nice. i'm an econ major and i was hoping to use baseball as a project topic in the future. the only baseball-related thesis i'd heard of before was ross ohlendorf's, which looked at the value of draft picks using fangraphs monetary war calculations.
i'm already in a couple h2h leagues, but i'd love to join a reddit roto league if anyone gets one up.

last year was my first year playing fb and i was a bit disappointed that i was in the top 5 in all stat categories but missed the 6 team playoffs.  seems like roto is worth a shot after that experience.

i think they are talking about at&amp;t. 
i played a few seasons of tee-ball and one season of coach-pitch when i was a kid.  i didn't care for baseball; i played and loved hockey.

now, i still love hockey, but i crave baseball.

i loved to play catcher, which eventually translated into playing goal in hockey for 6 seasons or so.
generalizing, toronto fans are jerks with an inferiority complex.  i have never been treated well in toronto as a visiting fan.

i guess, to clarify, i'm not an obnoxious visiting fan.  i don't want to create fenway west.  i don't cheer loudly or boo the jays.  i applaud good plays for both teams and generally keep my mouth shut when jays fans say something disparaging to me.  i do wear my jersey and hat though.
still the wrong call. granted i don't think that's what lost the series for the cards, it was still wrong.
in. i'm king felix's subject.

for what it's worth, i also think that roto &gt; h2h. but this should be fun regardless.
would you wanna take the lead in starting up a reddit roto league? that way we could join that and free up some spots for people who really wanna play h2h.
this is pretty fucking rad.
went to 1 game at camden yards for a twins game about 6 years ago. i remember two things - people smoking inside the park (which didn't bother me, just seemed strange), and a spilled beer dripping through a camera well perched on the upper deck rail. it was sort of a depressing atmosphere to me at the time but maybe it was because the twins destroyed the o's that day :)
if anyone drops out, i'd love to take their place.
i wonder how many get tix just to watch the phanatic
league is full.
i think tf benefits from having outlets for the casual spectators - the bars and budweiser deck. opens up the best seats for the rubes.
i love how this season is starting out and we aren't even to p&amp;cs reporting yet. expecting big things from the sox this year.
here's a question: my wife and i will be in atlanta this may and plan to catch a game. if we're staying downtown, how would we get to turner field if we didn't want to drive? can you walk? should we suck it up and cab it?
the beauty of fantasy baseball is that you get to obsess over it daily.
i'm in, and it seems that i'm the 12th and last team to join. but before the season starts, please be aware that this is the first time i've done something like this, and that there is a relatively high probability i will create an utterly stupid mistake. just wanted to let you all know. heh.
nope. i live in chicago and it's difficult to follow the phillies otherwise. i'd say i watch about 130 games a year putting each game at a little less than a dollar, even with the premium package. if you have access to your team's games on television, though, maybe then it's a bit steep. 
i'm deep in red sox territoy so i can't see yankee games otherwise. it's just the price you pay i guess. i'd be happy if it where cheaper, and probably wouldn't bother if it where much more. a dollar a game seems fair though. 
man imagine being the guy scouting catchers in a fuckin softball league in nz.  that's gotta be the bottom of the ladder for scouts.
aside from blackouts (and assuming hi-def video), being able to watch almost every single regular season game for $120 is the best deal i know of.

i would love it if i didn't live in the tigers' blackout area. live baseball is the only reason i still pay for cable tv.
that breaks down to 20 a month for the premium package (17 a month if you order for spring training as well) so not too pricey at all.
it'd be you, the conchords, gandalf, and a sheep fighting over prospects. 
i played tee ball through high school and american legion, but tore my acl at the end of my senior year of hs and never took the jump to play college ball. i was a really good middle infielder defensively and played 4 years of varsity in hs, but i was just ok offensively (usually in the 6-7 spot in the lineup). i missed it after i stopped playing, so i coached american legion in the inner city where i grew up; it was a great, rewarding experience and a great way to stay involved in the game. as i got older i had less time to do that, so unfortunately i had to stop, though i still pitch in at local camps in the summer when i can. 

god i love baseball. 
this was really clever.  i love baseball ads.
very interesting setup. in, as "honeynut ichiros"
i don't know man. nz is a beautiful country. probably one of theo's college buddies.
four games under .500 sounds the best.
i just wish that they offered a payment plan like that. i cannot afford to pay 120 initially, but 20 a month is much more doable.
wasn't this $50 last year?
clever, well executed, not overdone.  a+++ would watch again.

i can't wait for some late season sox/twins match-ups this year!
it isn't as weird as you think it is.  the same skills apply for catching fast pitch softball.   competition is fierce for great defensive catchers and this kid probably came cheap, this isn't a bad gamble.  
i'll throw my hat in. i'll be the "heidi watney home wreckers"
i wish that i could get twins broadcasts living in minnesota so i didn't have to keep satellite for the sole purpose of watching baseball.  the mlb.tv premium is less than one month of directv.
i'm in. "the laser show"
no, but it is bullshit that you have to buy both mlb.tv and the at bat app.
"the mets were... *contracted,*" sounds the best.
i'd go nz over some random ass town in the middle of nowhere.
i think that it is determined by timing.  during the season, the mets would need to win four games to reach .500.  after the season, 2 games makes sense, but it isn't very relevant.
in. aceaceaceacekendrick
in as scumbag steve squad.
it pains me to admit it, but that's a pretty well-done ad.


after seeing this thread yesterday and also replying to it, i actually had a dream about baseball. weird thing about the dream was that i was wearing a phillies cap (i don't even know where i got a phillies cap). another person (who was also wearing a phillies cap) walked up to me and tell me that i shouldn't be wearing a phillies cap. weird dream.
i'm going to miss having something original and unique with our jerseys, but honestly i thought the sand was very ugly. i'm glad they're gone but i wish we would just ditch the blue and go back to the old school padres look. brown and orange/yellow.
love the guy but he was terrible for us last season. most of it was bad luck, though. petco park just ate him up. line drives to center don't carry as well here as they do in the nl central.
seeing the results of the steroid era, i've wondered why baseball hasn't put more of an emphasis on strength training. it's not as if steroids makes anyone a better player - it just allows for a quicker recovery capacity, which in turn, means a player can see more strength gains in the off season.  
  
maybe i'm wrong, but it seems like if nothing else, the sport should have noticed that correlation. but instead, trainers seem to focus on having athletes do 'fitness' routines. in this [video](http://www.csnphilly.com/pages/video?pid=zpzp_xtwjsuw6nycdmti28hjg_alpuqh) , raul ibanez is shown "getting stronger" in this offseason. the highlight seems to be a 135lb squat (with bands!), then some offset bosu ball stuff. even reading up on ryan howard's previous offseason, the focus for him seemed to be fat loss/conditioning and not strength gains.  
  

should be fun. i'm going to try and fly up when they're in chicago. my favorite matchup of the year, other than white sox-cubs.
i love baseball. 
why does the premium package exclusively offer home &amp; away broadcasts? can't you already watch any mlb game with the basic package?
adam dunn is going to be a beast in the al central
yes!!! i'm in!  awwww yeeaahhh!
the original story is more informative:

http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/other-sports/4631606/kiwi-softballer-signs-with-boston-red-sox


agree
here's the thing that pisses me off: i live in central iowa, and i'm still subject to blackout restrictions for cubs games, and since i don't have cable or satellite, i can't watch any games unless i go to the bar.  that's some grade-a b.s. right there.
you must do it! you will regret it if you don't, and you've clearly got in on your mind. worst thing that can happen is you don't make the team. best thing that can happen is you have an incredible time and meet a lot of awesome people
would much rather have a mlb themed soccer jersey. you can wear those in public and not look like a tool. [here are the nfl version someone made](http://imgur.com/a/i7b32)
i am very happy
but wouldn't you rather only pay like $40 for just the phillies games? i have no interest in paying $100 to be able to watch the pirates and astros duke it out.
one spot left as of right now.
one spot left as of right now.
i'm in.  the minor 9ths
hmm in previous years they did offer a monthly though it was slightly more than buying it all upfront.  i would wait a bit and possibly email them and ask if they are doing a monthly plan this year,
i approve this message.
i also approve this message.  hopefully we can get an interesting cardinals reddit community going.
this is my plan this year since i ditched cable i am going to get mlb.tv and a vpn to change my ip to a different location to get the in market games i am 95% sure it will work
thanks again to ^ this guy for helping me blow off the dust and get things moving again.
if you are not in your team's broadcast area, it is an amazing deal... i have bought it the last 3 years and always get my 120 worth.
yea, but you don't always get the commentators you want.  you can watch any game, but if you might get your opponent's commentators, and from my experience, if it isn't dick and bert it isn't worth having volume :)
i mean, yeah, i'd pay that, but i also don't really mind paying $120 to watch phillies games. people seem to have no problem shelling out the money (many of whom, i'd guess, mostly watch one team), so the price seems more than fair. don't tell the mlb, but i'd probably be willing to pay even more and i'm on a poor college kid budget. the phillies are such a huge part of my life during baseball season and for me $120 is a small price to pay to see 130 games rather than, say, 10 games. 

plus toward the end of the season, if it's a close race, it's fun to pop on a rival team's games from time to time. 
in. the springfield isotopes.
i think it was around $100, as someone who's gotten it for two years running.
same price, every year for the past few years.
it's one of my favorites.
pricey considering i live 330+ miles from chicago and still can't see cubs games. that being said, i would be willing to go quite a bit higher than $120 if i could just get around dumb blackout rules.
maybe i'm thinking of single team vs. all teams.
cut him and see if he's really a robot.
suck it!
you're going to have a bad record with a bad club that doesn't give you any run support. he was worth at least that much last year.
fuck you, a-rod.
i'm honestly shocked a cricket player hasn't made the transition. 
i would love that.
heh.
wow, the padres advertising team could definitely learn a thing or two from that. very well done.
hmmm interesting. keep me posted on this.
one of the only highlights for the sox last year :(
http://cache.boston.com/images/bostondirtdogs//feb11/bdd_truck2011.jpg

"next stop the series"
ask him if he applies a-rod's blue lipstick before yankee games
i tried.  he was too quick for me.
"cancel any time
cancel any time before your next billing period."
right next to the prices.
i'd jump at this, if it weren't for the blackout nonsense.
getting paid to watch people play ball in new zealand - what a shitty job! 
suck it!
why does every insignificant group of people in the united states feel compelled to call itself a *nation* now?
hahaha that was fucking great
opening day will be the test since spring training games are not blacked out :)
totally agree. just thought the headline was funny. 
ah makes sense. thank you. the extra $20 might be worth it then.
i've noticed a lot of sports teams' fans calling themselves "__ nation", but at least in the cardinals' case, the fanbase is not very insignificant. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cardinal_nation
i bought this once, and won't ever do it again.  besides the regional blackouts, which suck pretty bad on their own, almost all of the games on the weekends are blacked out.

the regional blackouts suck for me because i'm a red sox fan, my wife is a braves fan, and we're blacked out for all orioles and nationals games where we live.  since the orioles are in the same division as the sox, and the nationals are in the same division as the braves, that's like 40-something games that we would want to watch but can't, not counting the weekend games.
if you're in the broadcast area of a team in your team's division, you lose another 20 or so games due to blackouts.
he's not nearly the first to beat the pittsburgh pirates.
i think i might just do it. my dorm is right across from the baseball field at my school and it's definitely been bugging me ever since i got here. i've got an entire summer in front of me with no work responsibilities so at this point what've i got to lose?
i don't think anyone's gonna buy these to wear on their afternoon stroll...
me too! almost exactly that...like 336 from chicago i think. anyway i bought it and i'm planning on investing in proxes/a vpn to get around the blackout this year. this + vpn is still cheaper than monthly cable (which i only still have for baseball) and i can't get csn anyway
it just goes to show you that the pirates are so irrevocably bad that they can't even win their own arbitration battles. 
gary, keith and ron 4 eva!
just joined as the vipersharks.
pirates are so irrevocably cheap. 
only saturday day games are blacked out.  more and more teams started playing night games last year.
you can just pay monthly once the season starts.
darn 88-win season, that featured 25-5 stretch
losses can't be made up, if you get my meaning, so you count how many they'd need to equalize out to the losses. so 4 games under .500.
i hate to do this, and the fact that a white sox fan brought it up also sucks, but dammit, there's only one nation, that's raider nation. it's been around since the '70s. not 1999 like red sox nation. if anything, you're cardinal faithful.
i hate it too, since there's only the raider nation when it comes to that. it stemmed from the cowboys being america's team, and the raiders being renegades. 
i fuckin love baseball. awesome ad.
he only swaps out for the robot during the second half of the season. duh.
so what team is albert pujols moving to next year? discuss.
i don't have cable, and wish i could not be blacked out for games in my hometown (sf).  is there any way to watch games online in your market without being blacked out?
vick is a piece of shit.  buehrle has the right idea.  
it's all saturday games that start between 1:00 and 7:00, plus all sunday games that start after 5:00.
i give the ad 3 stars on the buehrle meter.
in as srry72 (1 slot left)
that doesn't exist. you might be thinking of cablevision's partnership which allows you to watch *in market* yankee games that would be blacked out.
ah, i just assumed that meant from year to year, not month to month. i did not try to go  through the whole process of signing up right now, so i did not get to the pricing stage, just saw that it said "$119.99/year"
i never played through elementary or middle school, and i really wish i had. i was too consumed with soccer, and later, lacrosse. i went to high school in canada and played cricket for three years. now i'm in college, and i play in a summer hardball league (three teams big) of has-beens and wannabes (of which i fall into the latter category). i wish i'd played when i was younger so i would actually have the skills to make my college team, but playing anywhere is better than not playing. oh, i also like to play some slow-pitch softball every once in a while.
god damnit
walking is definitely out. previously you would have been able to take marta but i'm not exactly sure anymore. what they would do is put you on a bus from the five points station and shuttle you down there but marta is cutting that service this year. how the expect this to work is beyond me actually. taking a cab might be your only option.

really this could be a disaster for the braves. if that shuttle service stays discontinued then we could see some really sparse crowds. 
started when i was six, played all the way through high school as a pitcher and outfielder, then walked on my university's team (big ten). realized i was never going to play as i was just overmatched by the other players, so called it quits after one year of d-1 ball.  the single best moment of my career was playing in the american legion world series in oregon.  my team took fourth place, but it was the single most glorious week of sports in my life.  i can break down and cry about it if i think too long on it.  
mike shannon, longtime radio announcer for the cardinals, always called it redbird nation. 
and the fucking app isn't like a dollar. it was 15 at the start of last season. 
many people said they would buy them if they actually made them. i know i would.
other people in the thread were talking about getting a vpn to go along with it. i'm sure someone will post back here with how it worked.
i really would think athletes would respect each other enough to not wish each other harm. 
i just remember my jaw dropping when i saw that happen in real time. can't wait for this season, the team is gonna be solid.
sort of relevant, and funny, too!
[royals by mail](http://www.collegehumor.com/video:1779099)
i know it's too late but, if he ever is there again, feel free to give him the finger on behalf of rangers fans everywhere.
yeah i guess, i was just really excited when manny came to the sox and did not produce like i wanted him to.
his 15 career stolen bases tell me that you're lying.  you never tried to cut him at all.  you're a phony!
don't forget the braves and angels fans.  red sox too.
thanks for joining!
thank you!
i know. ;o;
oh no now the pirates won't be able to afford...

wait, what money to they spend again?
this list is terrible.
for wanting to see what the open market looked like and turning down the extension texas offered him or for getting traded?
just hoping our highlight of 2011 comes after opening day. say 6 1/2 months later or so
next signing- tiddlywinks champion who is 8 years old.  

a red sox scout says that "we have been impressed by his abilities and eye-hand coordination.  he has shown a willingness to  eat his vegetables and shows a maturity beyond his years."
during the holiday season there was a special where you could get 2011 premium for $99.  so i signed up for that.  this will be my first year with mlb.tv  i plan on using the ps3's mlb.tv app so i can watch the games on my tv =d
really cheap considering the amount of content you get. the only downer is the dang blackouts!
i'm inclined to agree with you in that anyone wishing harm on anyone is wrong, but i still understand buehrle's frustration with the public's embrace of vick. 
red sox don't have much to be sour about now seeing as how they've gotten a better first baseman (in my opinion, anyway.)
true, but the way it went down was pretty lame.  plus they had drafted him years earlier, and he turned them down, so he kind of spurned them twice.
why yes, yes i will.
wait, wait, wait... you're really complaining about turning teixeira into neftali feliz and elvis andrus?
yup. apparently sour grapes are a local delicacy down that way.
not until i moved to montreal, now it seems hilarious.

i get 100% of the games (no jays blackouts). i also get nfl sunday ticket, nhl centre ice, espn college football and some (but not all) ncaa hoops...

**for $30/mo...**

if you just take the major 3 sports of nfl, nba and nhl, that's $120/ea. but i don't deal with any blackout/out of market bullshit and with time shifting (i even overcome the fox saturday garbage). in reality, the nfl costs a lot more if you're on directv...

the reason i bring this up is because the major sports leagues are fleecing americans. if they can allow the nfl in canada on every cable and both satellite providers, what's the fucking deal with the usa? if they can give me *all* mlb games for the same (probably less) via cable, why do you get *fewer* games on the internet? that makes no sense.

they need to lower prices. it's ridiculous.
buehrle tried to out-douche vick but failed.
as a yankees hater...teix has been over 30-100 every year of his career except his rookie year. he is widely considered the best defensive first basemen and his career average is 2 points higher.

teix 162 game average - 37-120 .286  (4 gold gloves)

agon 162 game average -32-99 .284(2 gold gloves)

i wouldn't say adrian is better. you can argue petco and a bad team etc. but teixeira has been a huge producer and great fielder since he stepped foot in the league. 
fuck man, you'd think with how manically superstitious baseball players are that they would keep their mouth shut on this x1000000000
it's better than paying $60/month all year for cable just to watch baseball. the only thing i've watched on tv since the alcs was the afc championship. i'm a yankees fan in connecticut, so i'm blacked out on mlb tv which really sucks. 

$120&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;$720.
yeah, no kidding.
cricket is very, very different from baseball. a cricket player would more or less have to learn everything anew.
michael young before the rangers became good: "i wanna be on a winning team!"

michael young after the rangers are good: "there's too much talent here! i want out!"

michael young is a good player, but not one who gives production that shouldn't be upgraded from if given the right opportunity. i hate how the media is painting him as the victim. the guy demands a trade when the team gives his position to a better player (this has happened twice in two years now) and still wants to find him playing time, when another team would have shipped him off somewhere else without thinking twice.

the rangers have accomplished a real feat by improving their team so much so quickly and simultaneously bending over backwards for a very good but very not great player, and giving him far more money than he deserved. and it's still not good enough for him. i hope they ship him to houston where he can age with mediocrity and watch the franchise that gave him too much from afar win division title after division title without him. 
no, but now i want one!
yeah! we drove up from santa cruz and got to the park around 9:00. we waited in line on the o'doul gate side for nearly 4 hours and almost didn't make it in. luckily we did and we also didn't bother with the autographs. managed to get some garlic fries and rub some of the dirt from the pitchers mound on my old glove and sneakers. 
yes. definitely worth the wait :)
i'm in. hetero pujols lover
it's just a sign that you should be a red sox fan.
which site is it?

edit:  nevermind, it's *yahoo!*  rocking this season as "sweet caroline"  i can't wait!
i'm going to leave [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zutbl2fkjxk) here.
i have a yankees one and i like it. it's fun to show off. 

here's a fun tip, though -- there's a metal plate inside with the logo cut out. you can replace that plate with another that you made to make toast with *anything* burnt into it. that's a lot of fun, imo. 
as a phillies fan in the philly area, i would pay twice that $120 to get phillies games, since directv doesn't carry them. comcast...
mine has hello kitty.
where are you going to get bandwidth from? i would run a server just for this if i didn't think it would eat up so much bandwidth per month.
there was some sort of promo that got leaked last year, you could get it for 24.95 for premium before they fixed it.
it's an amazing deal if you're out of market. i do this instead of the package from my cable company. it's cheaper and the cable package doesn't offer hd. i know at bat isn't full hd either but, it's still 16:9 and much better than sd. plus i can listen to the games in the car, while walking the dog, at work and while i'm out to dinner. 162 games for $120 is worth every penny, at least for me...
i've got a friend who has one. i'll need to share a sad, sad mariners toast with him soon.
just posting for a future secret santa, i want this...red sox style!
people still hold that against beltran. honestly ive never seen a hook like that and i dont hold it against him.
and such a vast improvement over [what we used to have...](http://www.ballparks.com/baseball/american/arling.htm)

my apologies...you guys killed us all last year, we could beat the yankees, for some reason we couldn't be the depleted bosox. as for the fans form boston, all of the ones i encountered i was polite to as well as helpful, especially waiting outside gate 5, chatting them up asking them about where they've been and making recommendations on where to go to eat and what to see, etc.

on the 100 level concourse, i always make sure to point out washrooms and our where the pizza and good beer is (outside the rc unfortunately). i went to a fair bit of games last year and always sat along the lines in row 1 or 2 and no issue. 

now i cna see where the "being jerks" thing is coming from. sox and yankee fans tend to group together in terms of seats and buy blocks and while you may not have, there are some fans on your side that are obnoxious as well.

however, canadians are well known for complaining a lot (we love to complain and do nothing, ubb is an exception). i apologize, and if you were to come out for a few games, which i know for a fact you will, i'll try and show you a good time.

heck, if you want to make up for it, i'll get you 30% off box office tickets if you are seriously planning a trip. 
it doesn't matter at this point: http://mlb.mlb.com/bos/fan_forum/redsox_nation.jsp

you guys don't want to be lumped in with them.
ouch... i feel your pain.
i've been there a few times, but its only got ~40 people, and the posts are ancient :( i'm hoping it kicks into better gear once the spring training rolls around
32/765  http://i.imgur.com/kfvsd.png
"doesn't work on bagels"

*okay*
possibly at bat costs that much because you radio + extras forever game without having mlb tv.

it was extremely awesome last year to listen to all the giants games i could stand waking up at 3 am for here in japan for 15 bucks or whatever.
you guys aren't quite out of it! i think you are one game out of the playoffs right now, and you can easily overcome the flames or any of those other fringe teams. in fact, the west is so close (with the exception being vancouver) that anything can happen.
the best time of the year
you can listen to the radio broadcasts on mlb.tv.  if you buy mlb.tv, especially the premium package, they should give you at bat for free.
posting in reply in case girlfriend goes snooping for valentine's day gift ideas...

yes i want one of these.
well, only one game starts after 5 on sunday and that's the one on espn, so that's a moot point.

as far as saturday, usually your team is on fox locally or they start after 7.  

that's how it was last year
yeah i can't really hold it against him.  the break on that curve was insane.  i like to think he's seen it a thousand times in his dreams.  bottom of the ninth, bases loaded, two outs, game seven... kids imagine that scenario a million times, and he actually faced it.  i honestly wouldn't have been surprised if beltran had just faded into obscurity after that.
i don't know if the article specified later if the bat used was metal or not, but this stuff kind of scares me for kids that play college ball. i have a buddy that pitches in the pac-10 and those boys are big as hell that he plays against and i am sure it's the same nation wide. it is a wonder no one has died from the impact of an aluminum bat line drive.
i'm in.  "10onthebuehrlemeter"

i'm sick of trying to get a league together with my friends who really aren't baseball fans.  i swear i was the only one who edited my team after the all star break last year.
1-11 with a 4.07 era?  pittsburgh is *really* bad.

i'm sure ohlendorf's genius iq helped him out-wit pittsburgh's management in this arbitration standoff.
i knew how the indians' 2010 season was going to go after that play.  hopefully this year's waits until at least the second game of the season.  
out of the park baseball 10 is listed at $39.99, but is $7.49 when you click to buy.  with the code "valentine" it goes down to $3.  

i had been playing baseball mogul until now, i'm going to give this a try.  if i like it i will pre-order out of the park 12 while it is still discounted.
that only includes the internet fans; it doesn't include the redneck fans, which there are a lot of. and also, as the wiki article mentioned, it's a historical thing: there used to be a lot of cardinal fans spread out across the country, but when new teams sprouted up (e.g., the rockies) these fans changed allegiance.
ok, anyone who would rather pay $120 than $40, raise your hand. 


thought so. 

--7-time subscriber so i can watch my team. worth every cent.


that's (still) the price for normal mlb.tv, but it is well worth the extra 20 for the premium to be able to watch your team's broadcast, along with a few other minor benefits.
why, i'm from chicago, and have lived in bavaria for 8 years. and yes, the baseball here is terrible. 
sorry but a player's prime does not last until he is 38. the best year is 28-29, as documented extensively. and oh look, albert's highest ops, highest hr total, 2nd highest rbi total all came at ages 28 or 29. 

he is undeniably an all-time great player, but his prime is in the past, and to think you'll get 6 more great years is foolishly optimistic. 
6 days and counting.
hehe, just joking. you just happen to root for teams commonly associated with bandwagonning, is all.
i understand red sox nation because it encompasses several states, basically all of northern ne. and cubs nation, maybe because you've got a lot of iowa, indiana, etc. 

but cardinal nation? hillbilly southern (with a lower-case s) illinois and even more hillbilly missura (everything not named st. louis). that's it.
i just went and put a bunch of cubs logos on your stupid page.
no, no...just for being a general douchebag.  

never really cared for the guy when he was here, especially don't care for him in pinstripes.  something about that guy always rubbed me the wrong way.  great player...just not very likable.
not a moot point for me.  i don't have espn.  and my local fox affiliate doesn't always carry the game i want to see.
baseball mogul is my dad's favorite game.  thanks for the heads up!
twins are toast?
hopefully not.

hah she should get her indians one, so she'll spend more time in the kitchen. 
i have one and it doesn't work as well as shown in the picture (obviously), but it's still kinda cool.  also, fuck that site, i got mine for 20 bucks at tj maxx.
you should check it out again.
thanks!
i'm moving to minneapolis in a few weeks. drag. the upside is that i'll be able to catch some sox-twins games up there. should be fun. 
i had it month to month last year. i actually ended up paying the exact same amount because i didnt start my subscription until may (it goes by calendar months, so dont start on april 20th or whatever), and canceled after october. they have always had a month to month option, so i cant imagine this year will be different. last year it was $19.99/month. 
all of canada is blacked out for jays games, as if they're broadcasting all the jays games in alberta. jerks. 
wow, that is even worse!  pretty ridiculous...
however, knowing him, he will hit the dl by 4th of july after pulling a hamstring from taking a massive dump or something. he will then work really hard to come back for the playoffs push, but shoulder would give out in september and opt for season ending surgery.

just saying.
you gotta know what a crumpet is to understand cricket
this.  i just thank god that the braves opted to keep tommy hanson instead of trading for peavy.
i've been a subscriber for several years now and, to my knowledge, park audio wasn't available during the season.  i only had the various home and away tv/radio broadcasts.  that doesn't mean it won't be around this season though.  they're constantly adding content.
damnit, this keeps happening...
i made the switch. just for the sheer versatility of the game and it's customisability
this is extra-hypocritical and douchey, because, as i learned through a link in the comments on that interview, mark buehrle hunts animals for sport.

http://mlb.fanhouse.com/2007/09/24/mark-buehrle-killed-a-bear-with-a-bow/

i guess making dogs fight with each other is terrible, but shooting a bear between the eyes from 40 yards away with a crossbow like a pussy is very manly.
can't say that i have one of those.  but i did see mr. met on one side of my toast the other day, and the virgin mary on the other.
this is actually a great deal compared to the mlb extra innings package on traditional cable tv which is almost twice as much as this.

now that i have a laptop with hdmi outputs, i can just hook it up to my tv and do this.  and there's less blackouts, if i'm reading this right.
just go to one of the zillion streaming sports sites on the internet.  i don't advocate "illegal" downloading per se, but if they're gonna black the fucking game out so you can't see it...
huge upvote for gary and ron.  downvote for keith.  every time he talks, a little piece of my childhood memories dies of embarrassment.
you can't really be judging the size of a fanbase by how many redditors subcribed to /r/baseball who also selected a logo chose the cardinals logo.
what the heck is park audio? no announcers and the sound on the field is amplified? 
the enemy of my enemy is my friend.  go white sox :)
shouldn't you be working?
yep!  i was watching a game from the world series last year.  switched to park audio, and joe buck's voice disappeared.  no commentary.  only the natural sound from the ballpark.  it's glorious.
has anyone here played this as well as baseball mogul?  how do they compare?
wow.  i'm excited to try that out.  i assume that's only on the browser-based version, and not on the ps3 version.
i really wish there was a way to do this for television broadcasts.  if i could watch pro sports with just the stadium announcer, and the sounds of the game, things would be a lot more enjoyable.  there are instances when the announcers (in my opinion) detract from the game.  namely, joe buck.
as a fan of the game, i love days during the summer where i can sit at my desk with work on one monitor and the day game on the other.
your experience may be different, but i can't pay $100 and not be able to watch my team.  if mlb ever removes the blackout restriction, i would subscribe right away.
i'd like to have that as the background noise from the ballpark playing in my office all the time!

anyone know of a podcast or mp3 of same?  edit: there is an [app for that.](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/ballpark-sound-fx/id289937056?mt=8)  there is also an [mp3 about 1 minute long.](http://www.allstarbaseballcamp.com/36_baseball__baseball_game_ambience_%28cheers,_boos,_vendors%29_%281_53%29_baseball_game_%28big_cheer%29_%28_46%29_baseball_game_%28bat_sound,_cheer,__charge_%29_%28_48%29.mp3)

that's a fine atlanta logo you have there!  i may have to switch!
im in an online league for ootp 10, we have about 4 open teams if anyone is interested. 
just use an anonymous proxy. that's what i've been doing for two years now. just make sure it's not from japan or taiwan and a few other places otherwise you'll be blacked out of everything.
i don't see it; what game are you watching?
i am working. this is how i spend my day. doesnt it upset you that your tuition money goes to paying people like me??
wow, that filled up fast.

good luck everyone!
yeah. i just woke up and i have one class today. but your thing is cool too.
yeah, i've had to do that a few times on espn3.

if i'm going to do a workaround, i might as well watch the games on justin.tv.
i hate your life. ive been here since 7:45. 
i've subscribed for years and never saw this. i can't wait to try this out.
i got one and it combines my love of the twins and breakfast.
two seasons ago, something went wrong with the comcast sports bay area audio portion of the program, so they switched for about five games to just the sounds of the park. best baseball ever. if i could get this as an option for all games, i'd cancel the cable and switch to mlb.tv.
yeah, joe buck sucks. this feature would be awesome, and you could very easily just turn it on and sync up the game with your local radio announcers, which are always way better than any national guys. 
have a link where i can learn how to do that? i'm in the same blackout boat.
me and my housemates decided to cancel cable this year, and i'm looking at signing up for mlb.tv. is the premium worth it? i really like hearing bert and dick over some other team announcers, so that might be worth the 20 bucks right there?

is the service really well built?
http://www.hidemyass.com/vpn/
11.50 a month and they claim
#
gigabit server speeds and no bandwidth charges

our service is powered by gigabit server speeds ensuring the best connectivity. you can use as much bandwidth as you like meaning you can download, upload etc with no limits.and only need enough to get cardinas, cubs and white sox games everything else is out of market so i can access w/o a proxy
don't forget about [bryce florie](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hw9rqt5st1m) - (skip to 1:00). i know aluminum bat injuries are more prevalent but i just wanted to share this. i remember watching when this happened,  i was about 9 or 10 and i don't think i will ever forget it. the same thing happened to me when i was 16, but it was in a batting cage at a closer distance off an aluminum bat.
then your talking about not watching baseball vs watching baseball.


on mlbtv there is also the option of overlaying the radio team with the video.  but, again, i'm not sure if that's available for the regular season.  i'll just have to find out in a month and a half.
i only bought mlbtv because of the fine folks here in the baseball subreddit:

[proxy info](http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/f86zu/no_cable_this_season_can_i_survive_on_radio/c1e0q60)
[proxy info](http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/f86zu/no_cable_this_season_can_i_survive_on_radio/c1e0q60)
just pick any of the 2010 post season games, and click on the display thingy that pops up when you hover your mouse around the bottom of the screen.  click on the camera icon to bring it up.
no no and more no. their support reps know less about the product than you do and you can expect to spend upwards of 20-30 minutes on hold waiting to speak to someone. they have tons of great features but getting them to all work at once is a rare feat.

still, it's better than the alternatives out there. living in philly, i am only blacked out of the phillies games. good thing because i'm a braves fan and get to watch the other 144 games on their schedule.

basically, it's the best service available on the market at the moment. that doesn't mean it's a great service though. when the features are working, you'll enjoy the game. when your video stream loses its audio or stops buffering and streaming altogether, you feel like you're getting taken advantage of.
mlbtv is awesome. there is just one problem for me. i am literally in a gray area in central nj where the cable feed is split between pa and ny sports. i get the ny feed, and since i am a philly fan, i have tried to go the mlbtv route (used to live in dc and used it there and loved it). long story short, mlbtv thinks i am getting the philly feed and blacks out all phillies games for me. and obviously i don't get it on my regular cable feed. so i am forced to buy the tv package or go slingbox, and i opt for the latter. it's much more involved and a pain and i sorely miss mlbtv. i've spent countless hours on the phone with mlbtv reps, but it always ends up being an exercise in futility. 
yahoo! never had a character limit.  in 2009 i had pat burrell on my team and i used "2 burrells, 1 cup".  then i traded him away and i changed it to "burrell, interrupted."

in 2008 it was "never mind the bococks".

this year i think i am going with "thole moley".  but feel free to steal it, as long as you're not in my league.
link? i would love to buy one for a uh, coworker.
easy to win, boring to play.
it was the data closest to hand.  cardinals fans accounts for less than 1/10th of mlb fans.
i'm changing mine from "the jews is loose" to "nobody fucks with dejesus"

or i would, if my lm would reactivate the league.
this is a little better, but nothing's exact: http://www.commoncensus.org/sports_map.php?sport=2  
  
this has the cards 5th, behind the red sox, cubs, braves, and yankees.  much of the midwest isn't polled, where i'd expect to see many more.  i'd guess that if you went by geographical area, the span of "cardinal nation" is rivaled only by atlanta.  
  
any way you look at it, it's not "insignificant".
the upside is if he makes it to the majors he could get a cool sounding 1800's style nickname like marble eye hogan or squinty mcgee.
the sound and the dickey.

(dickey is a big faulkner fan)
the park audio was only offered because they couldn't legally provide anything else.  is it fox and tbs that have the rights to the postseason?  so, the alternate angles and lack of commentators was the only bone they could throw to mlb.tv subscribers.

though it's possible that they could start doing that for the regular season, it's about as likely as getting the guys from mystery science theater to do a game of the week.  
'dickey' isn't allowed. it contains profanity ಠ_ಠ 
yes i am.
if you use surround sound, you can just mute the center channel to get rid of the announcers.  takes about 10 seconds of fiddling with your receiver.

of course, you'll still get times where the crowd volume is arbitrarily turned down or sound effects are played.  
mlb.tv is a waste of money for me since the team i want to watch is blacked out
make a new plate with jesus on it.
thanks for that!  the english major in me wants to scream though.
quick question, why does it tell you to pause feed and then disable proxy?  why not just leave it?
unfortunately, i don't have surround sound to accomplish this.
no.  i'm talking about paying $0 to not see my game or $100 to still not see my game.
i don't want to agree with this but rushing back never ends well. everyone who downvotes spilao will have to come back after july 4th and upvote if he's correct.
are you *anal* about your hetero love for pujols?
that's simply not true.  you'd be paying $100 to see a shitload of games and miss a handful.

obviously, you don't want a reasonable answer, so i'm done.
i think this is just the basic economic difference between a big market team and the cardinals.  a $30 million for ten contract would cripple the cardinals, especially in the final couple years of the contract when pujols isn't a superstar.  winning another world series isn't going to increase revenue much, either.  cardinals fans jump off the bandwagon anytime they're more than two games out of the division lead.  

the teams that would bid for pujols all have the ability to absorb that salary hit at the end of the contract either through current revenue or revenue growth from postseason success.  

still, the most likely outcome is that pujols becomes a free agent and takes a well publicized home town discount which is the smart move for him.  even if he gets the same contract that he would get now, he looks like a saint for turning down $20 or 30 million to stay with the cardinals.
i think that in a thirty team league everybody is insignificant.  obviously, nobody is as insignificant as the cubs.
from what i understand, streaming through a proxy makes it very slow and choppy, so by pausing the game and disabling the proxy, you can watch it smoothly with no run-around.
or when you have to listen to the same commercial every inning for the course of the season!  that said i love mlbtv, i love being able to hop between games to see my fantasy players in action.  plus the ps3 app is really good.
alright, that makes sense.
i like your most likely outcome.
that's awesome. i attempted to sign up for it and the only option was to buy it for 119.99 right now. i sent them an email asking how to sign up monthly, i hope this is an option this year again.
minimum wage is a bitch.
upvote. so. hard.
i get it because i'm in missouri and for whatever reason they don't like showing the rangers too much. something about some red birds or something. but seriously, it's so nice to load up my ps3 and watch the rangers.
just google for "anonymous proxy" and find a website with a list. then you try every proxy until it works. in internet explorer the proxy settings are under internet options i think.

once you find a proxy that isn't slow or doesn't just reject you (this may take a bit of time) you can usually use it for at least a few days. it's kind of a bitch but mlb.tv is awesome so it's worth it.
i like the way you think.
i think you have to wait till april. me and my graduate school stipend will we waiting for the monthly plan with you...i feel your pain. 
thats why it pays to be a mets fan. gary carter, keith hernandez, and ron darling are actually enjoyable to listen to/add to the game...
i think everyone knows that's what's going to happen.  why else wouldn't the cardinals have made an offer?
well, no one knows if they've made a formal offer yet. i can guarantee that they will before next wednesday, lest pujols feel disrespected.
here's an upboat for no tv and no car!
that's surprising since i used the word "cock" in a yahoo football team name.

is it a public league? that might be why.
public transportation + bike + walk + zipcar = no car needed. i love it.
not being a twins fan, no i do not. 
nice name! oh oh ohhh
i started playing at age 12 mostly just because all my friends were playing and i wanted to be part of the team. boy was i terrible, but it was still loads of fun. i became very devoted to getting better and wound up going to the cages every day after school. i improved dramatically after my first season and this was reason enough to stick with it. i even wound up making the high school team my freshman year but got cut sophomore year by a douche coach i would've hated playing for anyway. i stuck with it and kept playing every fall and summer through nearby park districts until i graduated high school. i was really depressed knowing i'd be done playing when going into my final season, but boy did i wind up making the most of it. until that season i had never hit a home-run. but in my second at-bat of our first game that season, i hit a grand slam. the elation i felt at that moment was only topped later that year when i was batting with runners on 2nd and 3rd with a 3-0 count and decided to give myself the green light. i picked a spot the size of a nickel and decided to swing out of my shoes if the pitcher threw it there. he did, and i connected perfectly. that thing went further than i ever thought i could have ever hit a baseball. far enough that the shortstop felt obligated to low-five me as i rounded the bases. boy was i grinning like an idiot xd

but yea, that's it. sorry for the length. you guys at /r/baseball always gets me to write my longest comments. thanks for helping me relive some of my best memories!

tl;dr: i played at least two seasons a year for six years starting at age 12 and absolutely loved every second of it.
pens? how can a tribe fan like any team in pittsburgh?
nope, private. i suppose espn is really harping on those family values 
it isn't that i don't mind the cards announcers, but sometimes you just want to narrate it to yourself.
i'd pay even more than that to not have to listen to the hawk (chisox announcer). ;)
it's so stupid, the blue jays are blacked out for all of canada.  i can understand toronto, but really.....
i just entered the sound and the dickey as a team name with no problems.

http://imgur.com/8kyim

http://imgur.com/hl4pa
can i borrow him for 10 years? 
there was park audio later into last season (with the premium package), but for some reason the option wouldn't show up half the time.
doesn't the mlb have the right to distribute the games in the way they want to? why can't they put them on mlb.tv? disputes with cable providers?
yes
no. why throw salt in old wounds?
hmmm... i wasn't really aware of a blackout on local teams. is there a place where i can view them? i live in sd, so i wonder if the twins would be blocked out here? 

any more explanation on the blockouts?
not at all.
really? you really can't grasp the difference between running an illegal dog-fighting league and killing a bear with a bow and arrow?
the giants should be wearing 1906 new york throwbacks against the dodgers.
yeah, and bonus points if it is actually poop related.
here's [a map](http://www.bizofbaseball.com/images/mlb_blackout_map1000x733.gif).  the twins are blacked out for you.  

the worst one, by far, is iowa.  they're blacked out of cubs, white sox, cardinals, royals, twins and brewers games.  i can't imagine how frustrating the interface would be if you're blacked out of 6 of the 16 games played in a day.  
i've tried streaming with tor and it's considerably slow, not fast enough to stream. 
they have agreements originally to protect local ota broadcasters. unfortunately these agreements just screw the consumer as more teams move to cable.
those wounds should've healed at some point over the past 54 years.  there's no antagonism in the team's willingness to acknowledge their roots.  if a few geriatric brooklynites want to get butthurt about it, that's their own problem.
i've been down this road before. i would pay $300 a season to watch my team. instead i live in the armpit of america and i have about 7 teams blacked out including my beloved cards.

i'm gonna go kick a can down the street now.
big richards
i went to school in st louis and i'm from the boston area. i have to say both cities have the best fans in the nation as far as i'm concerned. but the st louis fans are just so pleasant and friendly, most boston fans are total douches.
oh ok, so they should acknowledge their roots but only superficially, and not give a shit about the people who were fans when the roots were in the ground?

part of their "roots" was abandoning the city of new york.  let them celebrate la dodger history.  there's 55 years of it.
don't hate on the dodgers for moving. [hate on the ny politicians](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/los_angeles_dodgers#move_to_los_angeles) that ran them out.
sure, why not?  the memory and history of the brooklyn dodgers don't just belong to brooklyn but to all of america.
i'm from the erie area. there isn't an nhl team in cleveland and pittsburgh and buffalo are the next closest. super mario was playing when i was a kid, enough said. (go otters, too!)
&gt;so they should acknowledge their roots but only superficially, and not give a shit about the people who were fans when the roots were in the ground?

what are they supposed to do, move back to brooklyn?
only if they move back to brooklyn.

that's like saying the nationals should wear expos uniforms. 2 different cities, teams, and eras.
not unless they are playing in nyc
ok, this is like trolling now.

i have to think there is some middle ground between moving back to brooklyn, and, you know, not playing a game in the uniforms of the city they took a big dump on.
we'd definitely take the dodgers and/or giants back if that meant getting rid of the mets ;)
ooooh, that'd be dope.  have the sf giants ever worn ny throwbacks? 

on topic: fuck the dodgers, but i love powder blue jerseys, and would love to see those guys lose in silly colors.
what's tor?
i think we should be focusing our resources on cloning vin scully so that he can call every ball game everywhere.
i'm not trying to troll you.  i honestly don't consider wearing their old uniforms for a few games to be that big a deal.  if there really are people getting upset about it, that nonetheless shouldn't prevent the dodgers franchise from honoring their history in this way.  as i said, a half-century should be enough time to fully heal from those wounds.
so what? it'd be really sweet to see the nats in expos uniforms for a day.

should teams not wear old negro league throwbacks either?
yeah, i'm originally from charlotte where i am blacked out of braves nationals reds and orioles...yes, the teams from baltimore and cincinnati almost 8 hours away each. simply ridiculous.
i think mets fans may agree with that sentiment.
i would, as long as it wouldn't trump any chance of expanded replay.
hidemyass.com? seriously? lol pretty interesting offering and i see the domain has been around awhile. are you the owner?
do the blackouts apply to all games? or just games where the team is at home?
yes...as a dodger fan...yes.  might hurt my team a bit, but still yes.

i think the salary cap in the nhl has made the league more exciting.  a team could win the stanley cup one year, and be dead last the next.

i would like to see come crappy teams like baltimore, pittsburgh and kansas have their fun.
8 years with 28 mil aav, with incentives that could push it up to 30 mil aav.

oh, cardinals.
it's every game, home and away.  
if i said, "getting rid of the wilpons" you would be correct.
it'll never happen, but it would be cool to see the giants and dodgers play a throwback series in new york.
bernie madoff with my team
i do park audio to eliminate fox and tbs announcers. i put on the 5 to 1 surround sound and simple disconnect the center speaker. 
i think weaver should have won. he was one of the best pitchers in the american league and none of his peripherals show that any luck was involved. he just adjusted to the game and used his curveball more effectively. 
the mlb has no salary cap but they do the revenue sharing, which could be adjusted, plus you have draft picks given to teams that lose free agents in the off season, so that helps.

ooooh. i want to go. baseball :d
i think the orioles busted out browns jerseys before. 
proxy trick (proxy in another country) was blocked for post season.
the cubs logo might work.
i think the holliday trade to the a's was almost as bad.  they had him for less than a year and gave up cargo, and huston street for the rental.
i will lose a lot of respect for pujols if he goes somewhere else for an extra year on his contract or a couple more million dollars per year. the fans in st. louis love him and they are an organization that drafted him in the 13th round. i am all for players getting as much money as they can, but this is a case where a player should be loyal to his organization and legacy. 

that being said...i think he will take the biggest contract offered and it won't come from the cardinals.

angels - 10yrs/290

wildcard pick - madoff mets - 10/290
no i just found it i was searching for a proxy to use and that one seemed the most promising so i bookmarked it
at lease the a's got some prospect back from trading holiday to the cards. giants lost liriano and nathans for renting pierzynski for a few months.
i'm not sold on cargo. huge home/away splits (1.161 vs. .775 ops, respectively). in any case, they ended up shipping holliday out and recouping some value, so it's not a complete and utter loss like pierzynski was to the giants (outside of his one mediocre season there).
street was one of the most hittable closers in baseball during his time with the a's, and they had drew bailey waiting to take over; he's been one of the best closers in baseball over the last two years. i hate that billy beane seems to trade away sluggers who blossom with their next teams (cruz, ethier, cargo), but as mentioned cargo has ridiculous splits.

the tim hudson trade was far, far worse than the holliday trade.
i think they should if they ever play the cards in stl.
no question it would hurt my yanks, but i'm still for it.  its only fair.
the mets' scott kazmir for victor zambrano was definitely a gem, but the op is definitely worse. 
i want to argue that the colon trade the expos made prior to them leaving was pretty fucking awful considering what happened with some of those prospects.
i think this is a great idea. wonder when they'll stop serving the beer. i'll be there!
&gt; angels - 10yrs/290

i agree. if he goes elsewhere, the angels will pay through the nose for him. aside from the wells debacle, the angels had a quiet offseason  and could be working on a chess move to save money for 2012. pujols could even fill the angels void at 3b, if he is willing to go back to that position. where ever he goes, it will bring in tons of ticket sales. assuming pujols will most likely go to a contender, lets look at some of the top contending salary teams that could possibly afford him.  i think the yanks don't want an arod contract **and** a monster pujols contract. the red sox spent too much this year on players and pujols wouldn't want to be a fulltime dh. the phillies have howard until 2016. i can't see him going to the cubs. that would be lebron 2.0. the tigers have cabrera. the giants and rangers are sleepers in this because of their void at 1b. the giants will be jumping considerably in the payroll if they get him. the rangers will be trying to lock down hamilton after his recent 2 year extension is up in 2013. 

my guess is 10 years, 295 million, angels
i kind of support the idea, and as a yankee fan i think it'd hurt my team a lot.

but i'm not completely sold on salary caps.

my biggest issue is that if there is too much parity in a league, then everyone might end up kind of bored. as you said, in the nhl, a team could win the stanley cup one year, and finish dead last the next. that sounds a lot more frustrating than fun.

when a $200 million payroll team plays a $40 million payroll team, you certainly expect the higher paying team to win. the disparity in payrolls creates an expectation of what should happen, but still allows the possibility of what could happen (an upset), which, i think, is exciting.

so i guess what i'm getting at is that i enjoy watching sports when there is a favorite and an underdog. if it's just a league full of evenly matched teams, it seems more likely that the luckiest or streakiest team will win, rather than the "best" (although, of course, that sometimes still happens in baseball right now, without a salary cap).

unrelated, what i would actually wish for, more than anything, is more incentive-based contracts, but the mlbpaa would never support that. i hate players stepping it up during contract years, and coasting along after signing long-term deals.


i can't see him going to the cubs, but it is worth mentioning that the cubs have about $50 million coming off the books next season and they need to buy someone for first base.  other than the rivalry, it is the perfect fit.  

i would guess the cubs will, at least, throw their hat in the ring to drive the price up.  still, my guess is 9 years, 270 million, cardinals.    
i'm in! votto's canuck heros..my nl central only league simply isn't enough.
i agree. i think this has everything to do with scott boras, and the sour relationship he has with arte.

unfortunately, i think this will come back to really bite them in the ass. the whole idea of arbitration is to explain why your player isn't good enough, which can have some real effects on player morale. not only that, but now it might be harder to lock him into a long term deal (assuming they want to) when he becomes a free agent.

according to documents leaked over the summer, all teams except the mariners turned a profit in 2009. as bad as they are, i'd be thrilled to inherit the pirates, because apparently you can just pocket the revenue sharing money. 

i certainly wouldn't want to see mlb increase the amount shared, at least not until something is done to make sure it's properly put to use by the teams receiving it.
now this right here gentlemen, this is a man thinking.
i completely agree. i'm pretty sure that aj hit into more double plays than anybody in the league in his one year with the giants. he was a cancer personality wise, and not a very good defensive catcher. he was abysmal and we lost some serious quality. glad aj is gone though i don't remember many sf fans liking him or his time here
the pierzynski trade almost makes up for the colossal fuck ups that were the santana and garza trades.
i believe that's because mlb.tv never offered postseason coverage due to contracts with tbs or whatever. they offered "additional features" or whatever which means that you could watch any of like 6 camera angles but couldn't watch the full broadcast that was shown on tv.

at least that's my guess...
i think the bagwell trade was worse.

i also love any excuse to mention that in 1997 boston traded half a season of heathcliff slocumb for jason varitek and derek lowe.

you don't need it. high salary teams that suck are all over the place: mets, cubs, dodgers, etc. even then, for teams like boston and nyy, all it does is "guarantee" a playoff berth. once you're in the postseason anyone is fair game.
how do you feel about the fact that the twins could have gotten jon lester in the santana trade in they accepted the much-discussed lester/crisp/lowrie/masterson package?

granted, the other three haven't been anything special (though i'm high on lowrie if he can avoid freak injuries and kissing diseases) but lester alone would have made that one worth it.

it's also funny to think that the yankees were offering hughes but drew the line at joba. 
still haunts me.
hee-hee-hee-hee, he said 'butts'
an anonymizing internet protocol. mostly used by child porn traffickers, also by those living in countries with oppresive regimes. 

not suited for baseball at all, each individual packet is routed through 3 random servers worldwide. so it's really slow.
it's been interesting to watch the fan base develop over the past decade and a half. there are three or four stages. for the first couple years it was mostly casual baseball fans. there weren't many diehards, but there weren't many igorant people either. 

when they won in 2001 the fan base exploded and they had a full fledged operation with a solid and growing fan base. they played poorly from 03-06 but when they changed colors and began the rebuilding season of 2007-- that was when i realized there is a real community here. they made a section called "redheads" for the craziest fans, mark grace was popular as an announcer, they had several young players performing great. i think the diamondbacks are a great example of starting a successful franchise. i was primarily a white sox fan but in the last few years the dbacks have really grown on me. i even listened to very single god awful game last season and continued listening when all hope was lost. 

 i used to dislike going to the stadiun because there are so many uninterested people but it's something that is still coming together in a positive direction and i feel lucky to watch it ritht before our eyes.  
probably about how you think i feel, although there is some dispute amongst twins faithfuls as to whether or not this offer was actually on the table. 
there was an article the other day in the star tribune about the possibility of the twins trading liriano during the season.  he only signed a 1 yr deal so possibly they can get some prospects...hopefully better ones than the trade involving johan to the mets.  idk i think this is the year francisco returns to form from his breakout year in 2006 (holy crap had to look that up...it's been 4 years?!).  contract year...he'll anchor this rotation which i think will be a lot better than people will give them.  i say 18-6  and an era under 3 and 200+ ks.  
i'll throw this out there as one major fleecing that is rarely mentioned:

david cone traded by the toronto blue jays to the new york yankees for jason jarvis (minors), mike gordon (minors) and marty janzen.

cone was pivotal in forming the yankees dynasty and leaving toronto prevented the jays of having clemens-cone-hentgen as their front 3 in the late 90s
sweet!!!!
unpopular answer, but the best evidence lies in the canseco books.
http://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/index.php/the-most-inexplicable-trade-ever/
it's deja-vu all over again...
can you elaborate on the differences?  a few people want a comparison, i haven't played yet, so i can't really compare.
i can't make a direct comparison between both current products as i have not played the latest mogul versions.

but from what i gather from mogul's site, ootp seems to be much more customisable than mogul is. i get my rocks off on playing what if scenarios. what if the pcl went rogue and tried to compete with the the majors in '58? what if the expos stayed in montreal? or what if the continental league had taken off in 60? i don't think you can do that easily with mogul. what if the dodgers and giants stayed in new york? could have the federal league have survived?

your best bet would be to download ootp 11's demo and try it out.
so?
i think it worked out ok.
yes yes yes. i will make sure to be there.
park audio was introduced part way through the season.  unfortunately the drawback of this is that it only works if nexdef is working for you.  

for the past two years i've have many fights with my computer trying to get nexdef to work.  if you are one of those lucky people who does not have to fight with nexdef then you should be able to enjoy it.

if you want confirmation, you could post on the mlb.tv support forums to ask.
i was able to stream post season games in canada on mlb.tv
i was not able to get the funky camera angles without buying the post season package.
they make it tricky to get to the listing of the game for regular streaming, but i keep the media center list page bookmarked.
only worked when nexdef was working.  you may be aware of the difficulties of getting nexdef to actually work, particularly under windows 7
it wasn't that terrible at the time. i didn't like it (i wanted yorvit torrealba to get a shot), but liriano had injury problems (as he still does), bonser never panned out, and nathan was a nondescript middle reliever whom nobody could have predicted to suddenly become one of the best relief pitchers in the game. besides, the giants system was stacked when it came to pitching; the loss of liriano doesn't seem like such a big deal when you look at how many pitchers the giants have churned out since that trade.

that said, i was very much hoping that pierzynski would sign with the dodgers this winter. they deserve each other.
i think tampa (small market) would have an issue with the "guarantee" part of that...........
it sure did.
it's too bad the polo grounds and ebbets both got demolished. i'd pay a nickel to see that game, let me tell you!
is there a strong fan migration there? i know a lot of people from brooklyn who still love the dodgers.
 he's good for baseball.  hope he makes a full recovery
well by adjust i meant that. the need rules set in place to keep owners from
pocketing the money and use it only on players and the organization.
now as for players leaving their teams and playing elsewhere, well you got me stumped. if the yankees can afford crazy contracts that would choke a small market team thats is a issue i have no answer for. but that's why i'm here. to learn
every consumer? 

i don't have tv anymore. i can't watch local sports. so i don't watch local sports anymore.

edit: i live in denver, and it means i can't ever see the rockies play. so, i tended to watch my hometown cubbies more when i had mlb.tv. 

blackout restrictions are making me not able to see my local team. this is a bad thing. i'm not sure why i'm getting downvoted :p
absolutely.  the entire state of iowa is in the blackout territory for all six midwest teams.  us and southern nevada are the only areas with six.  pisses me off i can't watch the cubbies on espn on wednesday.

it's not like i'm gonna decide not the make the seven hour trip to wrigley because they're on espn on a weeknight.  and they broadcast nationally on wgn!  the worst part is we don't know until game time if we're gonna get it or not.  we get the teaser at one minute 'til, with the feed from the ballpark, and then it's either the game or (gag) espnnews.  bastards.
incentive-based contracts sound like an excellent idea.

as far there being no underdogs in the nhl, that is just not true.  in last year's playoffs, the philadelphia flyers and the montreal canadians were the two bottom seeds and they advanced by beating the 1 and 2 seeds.

anyways, i hate to keep bringing up the nhl regarding an mlb issue, but hockey to me has become more exciting as all teams are given the same amount of money to work with if they choose to use and it takes management and scouting to put those funds to good use.  not just buying a championship, which isn't always the case, but certainly helps greatly.

but salary cap or not, i still love me some baseball.
no, you're not the only one.  i wish people would stop asking "am i the only one that holds this popular opinion?"  
  
if it hurt business for mlb, they wouldn't do it. it's as simple as that.
i'm not old enough to remember a time before free agency, yet i can't help but feel like maybe free agency ruined baseball. the idea of a team owning a player isn't exactly good, but i do like the idea that each team seemed to have its star players/heroes that you'd expect to be on the team forever. now we've got players going to the hall of fame who could end up with any of a half-dozen of hats on their plaque.

as a yankee fan, at least i got to grow up and see all of jeter's career, but that's obviously a pretty rare thing in today's game.

maybe the solution is some kind of flexible salary cap involving a baseball equivalent of the larry bird-rule, to discourage players from shuffling around as much.
* click thread title
* ctrl-f slocumb
* upvote

mariners fan. fml

i've randomly gotten into hockey a bit this year, and have tried to catch as many rangers games as i can. i watched a bit on and off during the early 90s/messier years, but never really followed it too closely. i actually used to consider myself a ducks fan (due to troy loney, and nhl 94 on snes), but living in ny means i don't see many of their games on tv, so i've sort of drifted back to the rangers.

anyhow, i'm sure underdogs still exist in salary capped sports, but it doesn't seem like they should.

if team a has 1/4th of team b's payroll, it's easy to consider them a true underdog.

if team a has essentially the same payroll as team b, it seems like for one to be an underdog, it must be the result of some sort of failure within the organization.

i don't know enough about hockey to know what makes them underdogs, though it does seem like there's a bit more team loyalty in hockey than in baseball.
hopefully he's grown up a bit in terms of teamplay, according to peavy he wasn't feeling well since before spring training 2010. i know he's a bulldog and a massive competitor but i hope he's learned his lesson and will listen to his body.
mark mulder for dan haren, kiko calero, and daric barton. hands down was the worst trade the a's were involved in recent memory. obviously this one worked out for us though. 
sold! oh wait we don't have any more money. then again we haven't had any money for the past couple deals.
i'm thinking this season is going to be pretty good.
i am a central jersian and its really terrible. i go to school in south jersey and all i get is phillies shit. this last post season i went to ac and couldn't find the yankees anywhere. i dont even get the devils. i'm in nj. its not that big. i should get the devils damnit. i also have jail cable in my apartment where versus is the most fuzzy channel.
**tl;dr** i'm a bitter yankees/devils fan who can't watch his team on tv.
it will not matter this season.
...in oakland.  crap.
cardinals: 7 years x $31 million
this would be awesome.  

play at new yankee / mets place (whoever is on road trip at the designated time) and let the yankees or mets have x% of the profit while splitting the rest between the giants/dodgers.

do this during a stretch where both the giants and dodgers are playing eastern teams and it shouldn't cause a travel / jetlag problem.

however, you might also have to bribe off the other ny team that's home -- there's a reason two close proximity teams never play home games at the same time.  one is home while the other is away.
mlb has done plenty of things that are bad for business over the years. it's easier to do dumb things when you have an antitrust exemption. 
i'll pick the rangers $300/10
i disagree. i can see the cubs getting in the mix, maybe they won't land him, but they will be seriously involved. they do have a lot of money coming off the books (as you said) and have traditionally been a team that goes after free agents once in a while. so without getting too committal i'll guess: 8-10 years for 270-290, cardinals/cubs/angels/mets (in that order). 

boy i'm hedging. 
that sucks. my room mate is a big flyers fan, and get this: the flyers games show up on our guide. they are scheduled to be shown on comcast sportsnet. but if you make the mistake of turning the tv to that channel at that time, all you get is [this](http://i.imgur.com/hiddz.jpg) along with the accompanying sound. that's right. they would rather show nothing than the flyers out here in state college pa. out of hand. all this shit has got to stop. 
agreed. i really miss this man.
if they can wean themselves off of the network tv money teat, then the time will come.

the fact is that people are going to find the information they want. baseball had either get with that pronto or face people circumventing their nascent business model and never adopting it.

things like nfl sunday ticket, mlb extra innings and "game of the week" network-exclusive packages are dead. they ought to just stream games directly to fans for a very low price and find a way to insert ads in the broadcast feed. at least advertisers would have a solid idea of what sort of ad penetration they're getting.
absolutely. sometimes it would seem like next def would be working, but i still wouldn't be able to pick another audio feed.
but, we got anna benson too! who we eventually traded for john maine... who's arm fell off. what's kazmir up to these days? oh he was 9-15 last year and has never won more than 13 games in a season. hind sight is 20/20 i guess. 
if the mlb.tv package did away with blackouts i'd pay the $120 for the premium package. i was a displaced red sox fan in az. i didn't have cable or satellite, but i did have high speed internet. i signed up for mlb.tv, but when i was home, on the weekends, the games seemed to always be blacked out. so i cancelled after a month, and just listend to the audio stream and glanced at gameday. it was probably better for me because i was much more likely to go outside and work in the garden, but still ... i wanted to watch a few games. now, almost the same, but only three hours away in vt ... still no cable or satellite, and now i have a local radio station i still have to see if i actually get the signal though ... i may have to re-up for audio.
come for the baseball, leave without your wallet or hubcaps.
montreal expos --&gt; washington nationals = entirely new team.
brooklyn dodgers --&gt; los angeles dodgers = same team, new city.
i think a 5 year deal is actually a likely scenario, but it would be for 175 million.
i don't think it'll be round numbers like 10/300, regardless of where he signs. 
the cards won't go that high, and any deal with them will contain a ton of incentives/milestones, like arod's deal. 

and if he is going to bolt, he'll want to have a symbolically higher number to justify leaving, like 10/305. 

my guess: cubs or angels, 5/175
liriano is going to get very expensive after his year.  the twins already have an extra starter.  the twins have other pitching prospects ready to come up some time this season.  the twins could use another middle infielder.  the twins could use another middle reliever.  as a twins fan, it wouldn't bother me to get something for him now, but it would have to be someone good (they don't need 3 more prospects).
when something like this comes up you have to realize that, with an internet connection, you can watch pretty much anything streaming online.  when mlb screws up and i can't legitimately watch a game i'll turn to online piracy.  
it'll never fully heal, but i'm a mets fan and i'm with you, go with the brooklyn throwbacks. could upset some, but you'd *never* see them otherwise, and could only help to ease the animosity, i'd think.
i was a mets full season tix holder from 2002-2009 (shea -&gt; first year at citi), but increasing prices and especially stubhub both ways (ate my share of 2009 tix) made me get out; partial in '10, sh per game for me in '11.
exactly this.

my options to watch the braves in sc:

1. pay $75+ per month for digital cable, which i currently don't have.

2. pay $120 per year for mlb.tv, and have to play the proxy game to watch the games i care about.

3. spend 3 minutes searching justin.tv for the free feed and watch 1 30-second commercial.

i'm going to go with #3 again this season along with listening to the radio broadcast.
i think my blackout situation is the craziest of all.  i live near vancouver, and the blue jays are blacked out for me.  i can watch the mariners, who play in a park i can easily drive to, but the jays who are 3 time zones away, fuggedaboutit.
aw why'd you have to go there... 20 some years later, and they're still talking about it. he manages aaa now.
carindals 8 years $240
if they're going to have revenue sharing they need to set a salary minimum. it's a joke watching small market teams complain they can't compete, get millions from large market teams, and just pocket the money. they should be required to use it or put it back into the pool so another small market team can use it to compete.

i like max and min cap. i like the way the nba cap works. i like how the current owner of a player can always offer a percentage more than other teams due to tenure. i like max deals that set limits even for the best players. i don't like the guaranteed contracts of baseball or basketball. if you're being paid to perform at a high level and stop performing at that level you void your contract and can be let out of it (see mike hampton, carl pavano, allen houston, etc etc).
salary caps will not make small markets better. just look at the nhl, small markets are still small. it comes down to the quality of management at the end of the day. 
i saw him pitch in the minors last year, last or second to last start before being called up, and he's just phenomenal.  i know he hasn't done much but he's a fantastic ball player and is definitely good for baseball.  can't wait to see him pitch opening day 2012.
yes... 5 years at yankee stadium now (2 seats, full season, plus audi club saturday tickets the past year).
if you live in toronto and don't have season tickets, you're an idiot.  a season ticket to the jays is less than $100 cdn.

edit: apparently the star season pass already sold out this season.
how about pete harnisch, steve finley and some guy named schilling for glenn davis. orioles/astros 1991. still can't get over it.
i had season tickets last year for the dbacks. i'm a cardinals fan. i wore my cardinals jerseys to every game so it was a fun experience, but not worth the money. i'm sticking with mlb.tv on my led tv on my couch or in my pool with family and friends. if i lived in st louis season tickets would be worth it. the only reason i'm contemplating renewing is for the all-star game this year. or just saving that season ticket money and overpaying for the all-star game tickets.
sweet, can't wait to watch him throw again. dude is sick nasty
i think the major sports leagues are well aware of the demand for and revenue potential of streaming media. mlb advanced media is a huge revenue source and lots of people are noticing (supposedly they're getting calls daily from investors and turning them down). it's a good start, but the tv contracts ($billions) are so lucrative that it's still more profitable to keep the blackouts in place and piss off streaming fans ($millions).

personally, i hate the blackout restrictions (3 teams in my area), but i can understand why they're hesitant to drop the exclusivity deals with the networks and cable channels.
since 2004 my family and i have shared season tickets with two other people who run the seats for the giants (around 20 or so games)..... and of course when we make it to the playoffs we the nlcs and ws we got dicked out of tickets..... so this year we switched to even better seats...
the password isn't working for me when i try to join.  am i doing something wrong here?  sorry, this is my first time using yahoo for fantasy sports.

edit: nevermind. i saw the crosspost and found the id to be 38672.  you might want to edit the op.
angels season tix in family since '66. between my parents and brother, we keep about 20-25 and sell the remainder to friends. big teams that come into town and other games we sell usually pay off the remainder of games we go to. so basically going for free minus the cost of food. the seats are 11 rows behind the angels dugout with great sight lines.
wow. that list absolutely nails it. i wouldn't consider francoeur overrated, though, but that might be because most of my friends are braves fans.

i really hope shin-soo choo does big things this season and cleveland can deal him to a contender or build around him more. he's got the best arm i've seen since vlad back in the day.
a min cap would just make small market teams with dumb management to overpay for players with little talent to meet the cap.
my guess is they will stop serving after the 7th in the first game like usual.  then probably start selling it again sometime during the break before the 2nd game.  total guess though.
i would buy season tickets if i was close enough.  but i'm about a 4 hour drive from nationals park.
i think this is a good idea for several reasons. he has proven to be injury prone, and his violent delivery means he will almost definitely be injured again. his stock is high now because he is coming off a decent season. we need some insurance in the middle infield for when casilla collapses half way through the season (if he makes it that far). we have some depth at pitching right now, even though it's not top notch.

it doesn't make sense to make a long term investment in an injury prone pitcher, and when he becomes a free agent at the end of this year he will want a multi-year contract. better to trade him and get something decent than wait for him to leave and get next to nothing.
the weekend blackouts are due to fox's exclusivity rights.  happens every weekend.  still love mlb.tv though, even with the annoying midseason commercials.
could be worse. you could live 3 hours from st. louis in the same state with the nearest hockey club besides the blues being in dallas, and more than half the blues games get blacked out even though they're scheduled because mediacom doesn't want to pay just a little bit more to renew their contract for 78 games to be aired instead of 56... so instead they only play 42 games and if the blues games they will air gets conflicted with college football in fucking washington, guess which game gets aired? assholes.
i've got to say, even though this is a very unlikely scenario, i like holliday more and more. he was willing to move to rf for berkman with no questions asked. he's willing to defer money for pujols. holliday wants to win and is always willing to do what it takes to make that happen.
its the best value ever. 10 games and its a deal.
yah, he's truly the embodiment of a team player.  i used to think the same about albert, but this contract thing is making me doubt his conviction to the club.
which is no differenct than what the mets consistently do as a large market and no cap. that's why all the other rules are needed to allow teams to bring up talent and sign them. you can't plan for poor management always, but you can build a system that encourages farming players and signing them
he's made me doubt a but as well, but we really don't have any clue what is going on behind the doors. i'm skeptical but hopeful that pujols really is what he's always claimed to be. if he is there are no 2 better guys that embody what a professional athlete should be
also, no two better guys that embody at 3, 4 punch.
cool gesture, but the player's union would never approve a player taking a pay cut - regardless of the context.
yes.
the thought terrifies and sickens me, but i really think the cubs have the best chance of signing him.  they'll need a 1b, which ny and boston already have filled, and they've got the money to do it.  i would say the dodgers are the only ones who would be able to compete.
yes to what? that it's a white sox town or that he's crazy?
beat me by 55 minutes.  guess i should pay closer attention to my facebook feed.
he's looking for a 10 year deal, no?  i feel like the only teams that can afford to pay him $30m/year in his junk years (when he's 40) are boston and the yankees.
anyone who lives in chicago knows its a whitesox town and was a whitesox town long before 05

edit&gt;&gt; by the downvotes its easy to see that none of you actually live in chicago proper. if you did youd know that outside of wrigleyville you see at least 5 people with sox gear for ever person with cubs gear...and this is on the north side. the only reason for the cubs massive fanbase is wgn america, its not because the city is a cubs town.
i can understand why you'd wear it if the cards were visiting, but to *every* game? i can't say i approve.
name 1 pitcher in the past 10 years who busted his elbow after getting tj.

the twins would be fools to trade him.
that he's crazy.  i have no beef with the sox however to think they're winning over the city is idiotic nonsense.  he talks about regressing attendance in wrigley last year... well yeah, the cubs are shedding some terrible contracts from 5 years back.  clearly they're in transition.  the sox managed an average of 15,000 below capacity.  why didn't he mention that?

the sox are a solid club and look for them to make some noise but that doesn't win over chicago.  ozzie is ozzie and he draws attention.  but when the cubs are back in the mix, you'll see the entire city flop right back to us losers.

chicago will always stand as new york, the mets get hot and they'll find some love on both sides.  the city's heart is always in favor of the yankees though, just as chicago is with the cubs.  the only difference is they win, we suck.
*please not the dodgers, please not the dodgers, please not the dodgers...*
players should do this more often. that said, holliday probably should defer some money so that his yearly salary comes out to about what he's worth.

(hope pujols comes to the cubs)
my older brother moved to az about 15 years ago and started attending dbacks games when they recevied a franchise. he converted to the dbacks and rooted for them in the 2001 nlcs against the cards. i refuse to become a fan of another team. i'm a fan of baseball but i'll only wear one team's gear.
it's happened many times. chipper jones did it for atlanta, ryan dempster did it for chicago. it's certainly got a precedent.
what does vick have to do with mark's charity?
well shut my mouth!

my only knowledge/experience with it would be arod taking a pay cut to come to boston and having the union reject it.
yep, even as a sox fan i agree with you. it's like indiana and purdue basketball in the state of indiana. purdue can grab the headlines when they are head and shoulders the better team, but things are anywhere in the neighborhood of equal, indiana is a hoosier state. chicago will always be a cubs town. i've accepted it. time to move on.
agreed.  that trade went well.
he's already deferring 2 mill a year. even if he deferred 3 more to keep pujols and pujols deferred 5 mill so we could afford him we'd be looking at a $10 million handcuff for 3-5 years with little return from these guys down the road. but as smokinjoecalculus said, the mlbpa would never let this happen

i believe cubs fans are sitting back and hoping for a bambino-esque curse on the cardinals if pujols leaves and lands with the cubs. am i right or am i right?

.300/30/100 guys. i hate having 2 on my team. *searching cubs roster* hmmm.
if this is somehow the difference between signing and not signing pujols to an extension, you absolutely do it, but i'd be wary of deferred money in general.  it's sort of one of those mortgage the future for the present things (which happens all the time in mlb, just saying).
doh! and i was with you on it. thanks joe for guiding me down that path!
just bought season tickets this year. never had them before, never had a reason to till this year! we could always get tix whenever we wanted them, but that is getting harder and harder in milwaukee now
edit: miller park is like chuckie cheese for baseball fans
cubs fans are sitting back and hoping the negotiations go nowhere, so we can take the cards' signature player and show him off. as well as getting hof quality first basemanship. it's no secret that the cubs aren't very good right now, so no need to be smug.

also, i'd very much like to see where the cards produced a second .300/30/100 man. not sure who you're talking about.
i don't think it really has anything to do with the franchise either.  in my eyes there's two things propping the cubs up.  wrigley and location.  wrigley draws baseball fans period.  you don't need to be a cubs fan to enjoy the park, something which gives the cubs broad national appeal which tilt our numbers favorably.

then you have location, which to me has always been the true difference maker.  north side vs. south side is yuppyville vs. blue collars.  wgn loves the cubs and the north side because that's where a lot of chicago money is.  

i've been out of chicago for 7-8 years now so correct me if i'm wrong as things may have changed significantly after i left.
i live in denver, and watched many rockies games. we were all sad to see holliday go. he's always came across as a really great guy.
agreed. i've never even lived in chicago, but rather indiana. still, these obvious differences have had a huge effect on it being cubs town and it always being a cubs town.
you should x-post this at /r/cardinals too!
absolutely, 100% false.  the yankees' fan base is all attributable to them winning.  in the glory days of the 80s and early 90s, when they didn't win the world series for 18 years, it was an embarrassment to be a yankee fan.

new york fans are mostly frontrunners.  whichever team is winning the most at the time, in any sport, has the most fans.
i didn't realize, my roommate is a die hard mets fan and that's always how he painted the picture.
unfortunately for pujols neither ny (teixeira) nor boston (gonzalez) has an opening. 

there are enough teams out there that someone will pay him at least 8/240. i won't be shocked if he gets 10/300. it just takes one team like the cubs to pull the trigger.
if pujols is willing to accept $180 million for 5, this would probably be the difference that makes it work.  the cardinals would have to do a full rebuild after that, but it's one of the few ways they can really afford to keep pujols.  
i have come to the same depressing conclusion.  yankees are set at 1b and 30m/year is a high price for a dh esp with an aging a rod likely to need it when posada is done with it.  boston only if they cannot sign gonzalez to an extension dh is a possibility but is pujols willing and 30m is a lot to pay a full time dh.  tb bal tor - nope

al central probably too rich for the white sox kc cle det min nope

al west laa - too many big money deals already ok no sea - no

texas would be a possibility lots of money from the new tv deal and no one near pujols caliber at 1b but can they win consistently enough for him to be happy and can they unload young there and will nolan ryan want to risk an a rod like mistake 

nl east mets - broke fl - no washington - may have interest but pujols wants to win and they probably fail that test.  alt - too much phil - occupied

nl west la - ownership issues probably mean the money is not there
col - not spending that kind of money sd - no sf - could be some interest have the pitching to win but have some money tied up in big bust zito and may want to allocate money to the freak cain and other homegrown talent az - no

nl central - cardinals - obviously this assumes they fail
reds - already have an mvp 1b
brewers - can't afford fielder
pirates moving on
astros - no
cubs - have 40+ million coming off the books next year and will have an opening at first base even with the anchor that is soriano and big z they have the payroll size to both sign pujols and be competitive and sticking it to the rivals in the process. 

so cubs would be the favorite with bos and sf as possible contenders with tx as a dark horse

edit added texas formatting 
i doubt there's a team out there that doesn't want him.  i'm pretty confident he'll end up in st. louis.  however, if he doesn't the yankees will most likely put an offer in, as will your other big spenders.  but with his asking price few can afford it, but i think he'd go to the cubs or maybe the rangers.  but like i said, i'm pretty sure he'll stay in st. louis.
wtf has joe been smoking?  i am a cubs fan, and i admittedly am ashamed of the team the last few years.  i am not excited this year either.  however, the shear numbers tell you that cubs fans dominate chicago and its surrounding areas.  there is not much logic for it as they continually suck, but true nonetheless.  i do not think chicago will ever be a "sox town".  at least this will not happen in my lifetime.
he's talking about theriot, obviously!

or maybe [this guy](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/h/hollima01.shtml), who's 162 game average is .317/29/111
you broke rule #1, do not put the punchline in the headline.
&gt;it's no secret that the cubs aren't very good ~~right now~~, so no need to be smug.

ftfy
i live over 3,000 miles away, but i am really excited about this nonetheless.
i would say, most likely, unless your roommate is 30 or over, he never rooted for baseball at a time when the yankees were horrible.  most of the frontrunning fans are yankee fans right now, but that's not a permanent condition; the "soul of the city" is not with the yankees, because most of their fanbase (like the cubs fanbase) roots for them because it is trendy and a lot of them can't even name 10 players.

that said, there is a core group of loyal mets fans and loyal yankee fans and they make up about maybe 15-20% of the baseball fan population here.  the rest twist in the wind with whoever is good.

in fact, in 2006, when the mets lasted longer than the yankees did in the playoffs, walking around manhattan it was practically 1986 again.
you're right. he missed doing that for the 3rd time by 2 home runs. if a cubbie had 99 rbis i'd still say he's a 100 rbi guy if this was the year he missed it by 1. i was hoping you'd understand the context of what was being said. i look at all those 20mill/year deals that just got handed out and i'm ecstatic that our 20mill guy is holliday, and not those others that just got well overpaid.

cubs fan makes fun of cards player for not being worth the money he's being paid.

cards fan responds with facts 

cubs fan claims cards fan is being smug.

cubs fan is being?
are you conducting market research on reddit, or are you genuinely curious?
i'd say holliday is worth about aramis ramirez money, and aramis is currently worth about half what he is making. you responded with facts (inflated facts), that's true. but that doesn't mean they support your argument. there's no rule written anywhere that .300/(28)/100 = 20 million.
oh, no i knew he meant holliday. just pointing how that he was making a false claim.

edit: this is fun. now i remember why i don't like you guys as much.
i remember several years ago getting to watch a game on television like this by switching to the spanish audio, for which there were no commentators.  it's vastly superior to the non-stop idiotic commentary.
(29)
i think not: http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/players/profile?playerid=5940
my brother and i go in on a pair of seats at camden yards every year. this is our sixth season doing it. i make it to forty or fifty games a year and about half of those are with my brother. he makes it out to about as many games as i do. the rest of the tickets get given away to friends and family.

honestly the os being so lousy has kept attendance low and ticket prices pretty reasonable. i'm sort of dreading the day that the team becomes a competitor again just because we probably won't be able to afford our seats anymore. 
the dreaded inverted w pitching mechanics.  i've heard a lot of things that are bad about it, but it seems to me that pitching, regardless of motion is bad for pitchers.  it's just a question of which motion creates the least amount of injury.
.300/28/100 is worth .240/25/83?

now i understand why you think holliday is overpaid.

edit: .312/28/103 is worth .241/25/83.
sorry. (.312)/(28)/(103)
i think you'll be okay. i don't think they can afford him.
you heard it here first- pittsburgh.
my favorite bobby valentine quote  
"every year, steve phillips impresses me less, and less"
no, you're deliberately misunderstanding. it's obvious that i didn't say that. i'm saying that holliday is worth the money that aramis ramirez is making, and ramirez is worth about half of what he's making. :|
you can't contest something you agree with
kind of like you deliberately misunderstanding my .300/30/100 guy statement. it works both ways.

edit: if ramirez were a couple years younger, producing like he was 4 years ago, and was on the free agent market right now he would have snagged $100-120 million contract for 5 or 6 years. it's the going rate for top tier hitters. the market sets the trend. pujols is well underpaid. holliday is paid at market value right now for what he does compared to other hitters.
i agree! it would make the game more enjoyable for anyone who loves the game of baseball.it would do the players some good to respect the game and not the price tag.
yeah, but looking at the roster, i would love to see the yankees put texiera at dh and pujols at 1b.  i don't think they would be willing to dump posada like that, and i know texiera wants to play defense, but i think it would be a smart move.

actually, i could say the exact same thing about boston, too.  ortiz is fading just as fast as posada (okay, maybe not that fast).
leave my dodgers out of this. -throws tantrum-
teixeira, gonzalez, and pujols are all good defenders that take pride in their defense. none of them would be willing to dh.

look at michael young. he's an aging, poor defender and he's making a stink about being moved to dh. you want a younger, good defender to give up playing the field?

believe me, my wet dreams involve pujols being added to the team boston already has. i just accept that it isn't happening. 
chooooooch
i am now hoping that this delusional suggestion somehow comes true. 

pirates fans deserve to have something to get excited about. they've earned it.

who said it would be his elbow? jaret wright is one example of someone who continued to have arm injury problems after tj. and there's a very long list of guys who came back and played but were never quite the same. i predict in 3 years liriano will have a big contract somewhere and will be winning fewer than 10 games a year.
we've been saving up for the past 17 years.
i didn't mean to imply the gonzalez doesn't deserve to play the field (tex has a reputation of being a good fielder, but the metrics say otherwise).  i also know that those guys will not be willing to play dh.  that's why i know it won't happen.

but, damn, i think it would be such a nice move. so much better for either team, since it essentially moves out an aging dh in favor of pujols.

:/
no delusion at all. colin cowherd's my source.
i'm really looking forward to this kind of bullshit speculation for the next eight months.
nice! that would be amazing. 
he's crazy.  

sox should get the lion's share of the media coverage this year, though, because they look like they're more likely to compete for the division.
i don't think you got the joke, but cowherd is an ignorant ass. he's made up sources.
i don't know....  are you basing this entirely on gear sightings?
ha! no, i was distracted. someone had the nerve to ask me to do something. at work. jerks.

oh well, i will still hold out ridiculous hope. maybe we can start a kickstarter.com fund drive for the pirates.
he said he would defer money, not take a paycut.  which means he will get paid the same amount but at a later date.  the d-backs were paying for players that helped them win the world series many years after they had won it.
i went to a sox-indians game at fenway a couple summers back and a guy in our section was decked out in yankees swag. i was wearing a giants cap to show ny pride in enemy territory, but even i thought he was an asshole.
fucking english

how does work?
27... yay :(
no, he has a semblance of class.
we'll give ya carlos pena.  would that take away the pain?
that's a true team player right there.
i think it's pretty ridiculous that this is still going on. the case didn't seem  that complex to me...
nah, i really can't see pujols with a "the decision"-type special on espn.  he seems like he actually [has a heart.](http://www.myhero.com/go/hero.asp?hero=a_pujols_southern_ms_us_09)

but then again, i never expected lebrick to do that either.    
i think a general rule of baseball fandom should be that you should only wear team logos of teams that are playing. if you don't like either team that's playing, either don't go to the game, or wear neutral colors.
you're right. we should trade him.
wow. i can't even imagine what the atmosphere was like inside the stadium that day. 

i got all misty-eyed when brooks and frank trotted out first. and then again when palmer was trying to keep it together on the mound. 
i think the rangers will put the money forth to bring him to arlington,  i expect 300 over 10.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay_xbdgvjr0&amp;feature=related

part 2, 50s and 60s o's take the field with lesser stars and dempsey leads one last orioles' chant

final part, homeplate is moved to unfinished camden yards 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqfbwr3zgxm
i doubt he would make it as big of a deal as lebron, but i still think he will end up disappointing the cardinals fans.
*reads title"

please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,please don't say halladay, please don't say halladay,
doubt it. most likely ending up in an al team
couldn't have put it better myself.  the view of the mountains is nice from one side, and the view of downtown is nice from the other.
i don't think you have to worry about hallyday...
my mom and i just bought some full season tickets on the terrace level for my last summer at home! i can't wait for the season to start!
ha, just curious. i miss my season tix, but just not worth it for the mets right now for many reasons.
enjoy! the exciting thing is knowing that the seat you're in is *yours* for the whole year, period, no one else's. loved that. and of course, every playoff game, right there too. and used to have little plaques with our name on the bar in front also (at shea), and "lifted" them at the end of each season (they just would dispose of them anyway). i have about 5 or 6 of those. no plaques at citi though.
would that make you happy?
wouldn't matter to me. he's not going to the dodgers
cool. i'm being downvoted for supporting my team and baseball no matter which stadium i go to. when i go to baseball games i wear baseball jerseys. i fail to see the harm in that. i support good baseball and i will cheer for a good baseball play whether home or away or whether my team is playing or not. i've been to many stadiums and many games and i can guarantee that the jersey one wears isn't what makes one an asshole.

i can't stand people who wear the home jersey and act like nobody is allowed to watch their team play or enjoy the game.
this was my reaction when everyone was talking about pudge being traded at the '99 deadline. thank goodness they didn't trade him.
and no football/basketball jerseys!
i spend time with my family and watch baseball at the same time. the kids love it! win-win. doesn't seem silly to me.

"for those of you that live less than an hour around a mlb team please don't forget how lucky you are and take that for granted."

your words.
lost my shit when that kid took off his hat.  that's soul-crushing.
i'm curious as to what part of the city you're referring to?  i grew up and schaumburg, still have family in naperville, a brother on sheffield &amp; belmont and a sister who just recently moved into evanston from the lincoln park area.

all predominantly cubs areas.
i really hope not.  i'm sure pujols will regress much later than soriano has but i hate drawing out these long term contracts, especially for $30m a year.  it's already biting the cubs in the ass now and will for the next 2 years.  besides, i'm not sure how i would feel seeing him in cubbie blue.  i'd steal talent from any other club happily but taking a card just feels like tainted goods.  
i had 1/2 season at yankee stadium from 2001-2010, about $4,500 for two seats that i split with a friend.  went to 4 regular season games last year since i'm a new dad.  dropped them this year because they changed the postseson option from every home game to every other home game.  i had attended every postseason game from 2001-2010.  they can kiss my ass now, i might consider going back when my son is older, but not anytime soon.
pujols won a world series with the cardinals. he wont be lebron 2.0.
i think it really does work well, the thing with satire is that it's not an easy thing to do well, but i find that the onion does it pretty well, at least most of their headlines are funny.  except this one, but i'm biased.  miss ya andy ;(
what i don't understand is if your team has as low attendence as the o's do, doesn't it make more sense to just buy tix off stub hub when you want to go?  i have season tix to the yanks, but i just buy tix off stub hub for the mets... and pay like $2/ticket.
u think the rangers will make another arod mistake?
whatever you do, know the people in your league well.  we tried to set up a dynasty league last season where you kept 15 out of 23, and you had a minor league system and a minor league draft.  it was a total flop.
my folks ran into a french guy in france (imagine that), who was wearing a white sox hat. my mom asked him why he was wearing it, was he a fan and he responded that he was wearing it since he was wearing white socks. 
angels, i mean damn we're willing to spend insane amounts on vernon welles. 
can you really imagine a scenario where that divorce is wrapped up in under 12 months?
i chuckle at some of the onion sports headlines. they're alright. 
the cubs are forced to sign a free agent for first base, next year.  the choices are pujols, fielder, pena or trading away a bunch of prospects.  when you figure that attendance could easily drop to 75% of capacity without a major signing, the higher cost free agents start looking like a better deal.  

putting it in perspective, pujols is getting less than double what fukudome is paid to be a 4th outfielder.
the other option would be one of the teams working out a trade to dump their current guy.  both guys have contracts that wouldn't be difficult to move and it's something you'd think the yankees would be considering if someone was willing to take texiera's contract.
we run out league through cbs sports, it's not perfect but it does okay for us. 

like the other reply said, know your owners you're going to be dealing with them a lot. 
this is kind of dumb... no one has brought up andy &amp; hgh in over three years.  

he wasn't being harrassed about it, and no one in all of baseball thinks he used it any more than the two times during his 2002 injury recovery that he admitted to
i think the onion should focus more on keeping espn in check than anything else. my favorite part of sports dome is when they rip on those self entitled douchbages in bristol. 
"shaq sits out 4th quarter with pulled pork sandwich"? "place kicker spends 3 hours practicing kicking"&gt; hysterical!
dude, that might be the greatest thing i've ever seen on youtube.

"michael young's not going to be number 10 for the rangers anymore."
"...will he be number 5?"
yes, the twins have been smart this offseason except for not locking up liriano long-term now. he is primed for a big year. check that, a run of big years.
nice. report back when you start using it please.
&gt; *i don't want another player, i want michael young because he's my team*

heart wrenching. this is how the city of philadelphia felt when cliff lee left.
source: andy pettitte retires to inject hgh without being harassed about it
but you have him back....this kid will not have his micheal young
i agree.  holiday said he'll defer pay to help keep albert in st. louis.  that's probably something the player's union doesn't want to hear.
the yankees will deal tex... come on... you know better:)
i feel sorry for the poor kid, but he should be thankful to have a team... ***looks at logo; sheds a manly tear.***
[this is my contribution](http://images1.memegenerator.net/imagemacro/5727966/whats-that-extra-innings-at-the-all-star-game.jpg?imagesize=medium&amp;generatorname=eh-sonny-selig)
removed by user.
god, anywhere but the mets. their new regime might be a little bit more frugal though. by that i do mean omar minaya's departure (relocation?). seems like boston, new york yankees, and phillies have already invested in a first baseman. i could see the yankees shuffling some things around and bring him in there anyway though. chicago does seem like a fit as well.

i think pujols will obviously decline in later years to a point where he'll be greatly overpaid on ages 37-41, but it's come to a point where you simply *have* to overpay to get a once in a generation type athlete of pujols' caliber while he's still tearing shit up. that's not the point though, after all, if we're talking about getting payed exactly what you're worth, hasn't pujols put in plenty of years where his play value has exceeded his salary? 

anyway... i'm hoping he just stays with the cardinals.
we have really great seats halfway between home plate and the press box. seats around our section seem to get marked up by a lot more than two bux on stub hub and ebay. between the two of us we end up using around 70 games worth of the tickets. if anything i would say that our full season plan discount has us breaking even or at least close to it. and the novelty of having a ticket or two to every home game and being able to go to as many as i want makes the few hundred bucks i might be losing seem negligible to me.
i though it was good for a chuckle because it's probably a reference to ricky williams leaving football in the prime of his career to smoke pot full time.
kinda.  white sox have closed the gap, but the cubbies have historic relevance in that city and always will over the sox.
the yankees can always switch tex and pujols around !b and dh, unfortunately.  

but hey, the mariners will have a bunch of money freed up next year.  maybe they can make some useless run at him?

ooorrr, even better, the pirates wow everybody and finally spend money!
dude has been underpaid pretty much his entire career.  time for him to finally get what he's worth.
tex has a no-trade clause.
nope, we would probably sign another twenty 40-year-olds to minor league contracts before we make a move at pujols.
baseball players, like any other employees, want to make as much money as possible for the job they do. i love my job and the company i work for, but if i was informed that another company would pay me more (not like a dollar a year but like an extra $10,000) i would switch companies (assuming the same benefits). the reason for arbitration is that for the first 6 years a player cannot file for free agency (and thus can't get the "market value" for his services) according to mlb rules. so arbitration gives the player a way to still get the "market value" for his services while allowing the club to keep him under contract. do i think baseball players make too much money as it is? heck yes. would i turn down that money? heck no. now, sometimes you will see players that care more for  certain benefits (chance to win a championship, close to home, like the city, same team for entire career, etc.) over money just like you do in other professions (take less money for better dental or better school system for the children). so, really, baseball players are just another group of employees trying to make as much money as they can for the job they do.
&gt;pujols is threatening to become the highest-paid player in baseball, and **as a yankees fan, i know more than a little bit about highly paid baseball players...**


&gt;**we're yankees fans** and we're not completely stupid...

go to hell espn.

 sincerely, st. louis.
this is why baseball is great--fans that invest their hearts in their players and teams from childhood.
it all boils down to attendance and ownership. the more butts in seats, the more $$ you can afford to pay your team. that's a good reason why players back in the old days didn't get payed as much, the stadiums weren't as big as they are these days. as fan bases and population grew, stadiums got bigger, more butts were in seats, and that extra ticket revenue went to pay the players. of course, then you have player a who thinks he should be making more than player b, so that also helps the prices spiral upwards, until we have the modern wonder we call the 9$ beer. it's basically what you mentioned last; the teams make so much $$$ that the players all want a decent cut of it. having an owner who poops money like the yankees or red sox makes it even worse, cause they can pick and choose who they want and then pay them whatever they want, which leads back to the player a wanting more than player b, driving up salaries again-case in point: ryan howard, mark teixeira, matt holliday and albert pujols. it's the same theory with any other sport.
plus, we just gave loney a raise... why? i dunno.
ah man, at least he was a fan of a great, unselfish player. as a cubs fan, i still don't know what to make of sosa's departure.

i think it's gonna strengthen this kid's love for baseball. if he still continues to support young, wherever he goes, he'll most likely be keeping tabs on two, or more, teams. sad that he had to see the business side of sports, though. the ugly side.
i hope that it stays a cubs town and that we keep winning.
i think your dad's advice is best; there's really no better way to beat in a mitt than by using it — especially something that needs to conform to your hand. just practice more :)

imo a good ball glove is equivalent to a good pair of vibrams to a marathon runner… it needs to be broken in from care and use but treated right off field too.
yea it basically boils down to playing a lot of catch, preferably with somebody who throws hard. i rub shaving cream or oil on it inbetween catch just to keep it soft
that, and lots of spit
yep! hit your local batting centre, step into the medium speed cages and just catch. you'll look pretty stupid but you'll break in your glove in an afternoon.
1994 - never forget
 pujol's will stay in st. louis.  he will take less money to stay there and has said multiple times that he wants to stay in st louis permanently.  that's kind of the entire point of this whole show of make a deal before spring training.  he wants them to commit to this now so he doesn't have to even think about it in the future.  he's in st louis for long run.  
if halladay shows half the ability he showed last year, we'll be fine in philly hahaha.  i think he'll get better though.  time will tell.
i think a.j. burnett is done, and even after the awful season he put up in '10, that it's only going to get worse. =/  too many things were wrong last season.  
[harold reynolds explains it](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=7148739). 
the giants version of zito? for your sake i hope not.
aside from using an oil to make the leather soft, my advice would be to keep a ball inside just to help form a good pocket. i've also heard of people sticking it in the oven to soften the leather, but i've never known anybody who personally did it. like others have said though, the best thing to do is play with it as much as possible. keep molding it everyday and it'll break in in no time. 
same here. he didn't get along with the club management. i was happy to see him go.
the oven thing really helps in the beginning if you have an appropriate foam to go with it. we lather up any new glove i have, stick it in the oven, and then from then on out just use it til it's completely broken in.
true fact: when mr. the bat has sex with an sf bartender she will mention it nearly every goddamned time i order a drink.
what about if its a rival?  it's okay if i rep the giants down in la against someone else?

i'm pretty sure me loudly booing the dodgers will be an early giveaway, anyway . . .
sounds like someone on the current roster.
"puppy bowl marred by tragic spinal injury"
i just wanna add as well, 'cause i know some of you will be confused when you see that he's only played softball - we play fast pitch softball down here. this is different to what americans think of when they think of softball - fastpitch pitchers are still sending the ball out at 90-100mph, and as [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fastpitch_softball) says, "considering the distance between the pitcher and batter (40 to 43 feet (12 to 13 m)), the equivalent batter reaction time in baseball would be to a 125 miles per hour (201 km/h) pitch from 60 feet (18 m)."

here's a clip showing it off http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wmefwurozw
i know it's still not baseball, there's a bigger ball etc, but just saying, what you think i mean when i write softball isn't what it is :)
can i touch your monocle?
*"brznks tried logical argument on satirical article... it wasn't very effective..."*
that's kind of what they're doing, indirectly.  espn spent about 1/1000000 the time covering pettitte shooting needles into his ass, than they did covering mcgwire, canseco, et al.

at least most of the steroid guys actually admitted their steroid use fully when initially caught, rather than denying it, then saying oh, i did it once, and i didn't know what it was, then ok, i meant only three times, then ok, just a little more than that.  espn loves them some homegrown yankees.
ding!  someone got the joke.
is this post supposed to be in /r/circlejerk?  it's like a parody of every cockeyed, curmudgeonly "why do athletes get paid more than doctors and firemen" article i've ever read.
i think he meant "contend".
robert person for john olerud?
no clay buchholz?

he should still be good in 2011 but he was extremely lucky last year. i'll be happy if he pitches to a 3.50 era and that would be a drop of over a run.
terrible, terrible trade, based on the principle and the reasoning behind it -- selling low and getting zero return on a valuable chip.

but that said, it lacks the historical punch of the others in this thread because kazmir's career has been so spotty and punctuated by injuries.
home/away splits are not that linear for rockies players.  almost every great player who has ever been a rockie has huge home/away splits.  most players hit better at home anyway -- in 2010 in the nl, it was .263/.333/.414 home, .248/.315/.385 away -- so this is perfectly consistent with the rest of the league.

a better way to approach this is to adjust his home park numbers for inflated offense and then compare those to the road numbers and see what the delta is between those two.  and see how that difference compares to the difference between the league's home and away numbers.
get a brain dylan moran!!!

sorry, had to get that out of the way.

did you interview him in person?

nice writing. that could have been on a teleprompter.
we agree.

sincerely, minnesota.
pat the bat rumors i've read on the internet that i actually (somewhat) believe:

* while fucking a girl in the ass he says "girl, i'm fucking your ass so hard i'm making your pussy jealous"
* completely shitfaced walks into a men's bathroom, whips out his dick and starts washing it in the sink. "can't let the wife smell this"
* stuck a wine cork up his ass so when a girl was tossing his salad he said "how's the vintage taste, baby?"
by the way, don't store a glove in the trunk of a car when it's hot out.
i didn't say "marked up by $2", i said $2.  by the end of last year that's how much i was paying.  and they let you sit wherever you want in citifield except the 100 level, pretty much.

but yeah i know, having season tix is nice.
that guy really hates my family. i dunno why. nice to see someone else who knows the joke!

yeah, that was me - if you click the big red 'view video' button under his picture, you can see the interview i did on cam. i'm still new though so i sound terrible.

thank you! that's both a blessing and a curse. i'm very scripty with my writing, which will be great when i make the leap to tv, but it doesn't translate so well for the website :)

also, my first comment from an r/baseballer, and i'm glad it was a positive one. i might hang around and find some similar, dejected indians fans to get excited about the season for the first 3 weeks then start talking about nfl with. it's what we do.
that'll dry it out.
much different considering lee was in philly for a season before leaving and returning. not at all a fair comparison. heartbreaking is having  a long time fan favorite or franchise player leave (i.e. dale murhpy being traded prior to the braves first world series appearance in 1991).
he does a great job not sexually harassing women in that video.
i alway get 3in1 oil from the harware store an rub it in good, then put a baseball in the glove and wrapi the glove around the ball and tie it up with a shoe string. /makes aperfect baseball sized pocket in the glove
fek typing with one hand makes me seem derp
i hate reporters that sensationalize every story. 

&gt;with an 80 mph fastball he even got espns attention. he could be a top prospect for the major leagues. 

80 mph isn't going to get anyone's attention. 

if he can't field his position he can't play his position. if he can't get over to cover the bag when the 1st baseman fields a ball to his  right then he can't play. 

sorry. it sucks that he was born without bones in his lower leg but that doesn't mean a team should let him play just to be nice. 
bad news: if you believe in fip, halladay could shoot all the way up to a 3.0 era.
i was very curious about this signing when it first popped up on sports talk here in boston. sounds like a great story. i hope to hear more about this kid down the road. i wonder realistically what his chances are over actually being behind the plate for the sox are. how did you land the interview with him?
got to agree. maybe if he continues getting his walk rate down it can partly counteract the inevitable rise in homeruns. with 5.6% homeruns per fly ball last year, either he was very lucky or he was using sorcery.

i fell like the fans and media are setting him up for a fall when they talk about "two aces" in the rotation.
you can find more than three if you just sort by era - fip on fangraphs.

http://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=all&amp;stats=sta&amp;lg=all&amp;qual=y&amp;type=1&amp;season=2010&amp;month=0&amp;season1=2010&amp;ind=0
i don't know... sounds overblown. he had an opportunity to try out and just didn't make the team. they aren't discriminating against him because of his disability. fielding is part of being a pitcher, and if he can't do that then i understand why he was cut. if i was him i wouldn't have even done this interview. is he just going to use the press to guilt the team into keeping him next season? do we have to keep all disabled players for fear of retribution even if their skills aren't up to par? i feel bad for the kid, and it is an amazing story that he has managed to become such an athlete, but that doesn't mean he should just be allowed on the team because he plays with a disability. 
i concur. 
this is how my grand dad and dad showed me and my brothers how to break in a glove...... cool to know they taught us the pro way to do things 
realistically, his chances of cracking the majors aren't high, but that's the case with most prospects. i'd guess a lot of it depends on how well he can make the adjustment to hitting a baseball.

regardless if he makes it or not, international signings like these are great publicity for the parent club. it's a great opportunity for the kid, and it's a great way to promote baseball in other countries. to be the first nz-born maori player in mlb would be amazing.
exactly. people are always saying that they just want to be "treated the same way." but then, when things don't work out like they want them to, they think it's discrimination -- and many times it can be. this looks to be one of those decisions where the coach and staff were being honest and fair while making up the roster.
i agree with everyone here. overblown news story. i'm amazed at what that kid has accomplished with no legs, but i actually feel he's being treated very fairly. 
totally. i felt this way about the matsuzaka siging just because we were expanding the market a ton and bringing a lot of foreign interest in the red sox. i would love for the sox to actually start the first nz born player.
totally. i see examples of this over and over again. i just hope all these disabled rights activist groups don't go attacking the school over this. 
makes sense
i'm gonna go with moses fleetwood walker solely because that name is kinda badass.
agreed. i took particular issue with the "i've been playing for 8 years and it's never been a problem.".. yeah, because bunting isn't generally allowed in leagues before hs age. 
it reminded me a lot of liu kai and zhang zhenwang, two kids from mainland china the yankees signed a few years ago. both washed out, but who knows, it may plant the seed for something bigger in the future for chinese baseball.
agreed. i love international interest in baseball, i only want to sport to grow since it is losing out so much to football here in the states. 
haha, the downvotes show it wasn't very effective, but that's just because i'm a yankee fan defending pettitte

satire is good when it makes fun of a current event, or makes fun of a person who nobody respects.  but sometimes, satire just seems like it's trying too hard, and this is one of those instances.  

this article, for example, is just dumb.  pettitte injected hgh twice in 2002 while he was on the dl to help him recover from an injury.  he admitted to it, he seems like he genuinely regrets it, and for the last 9 years, he has been nothing but a class act who pitched well and kept his nose out of the dirt.  most importantly, what tore him away from baseball was his love for his family, and his desire to spend more time with them while his kids are all still young.

**tl;dr** this article makes fun of a guy who left baseball on top in order to spend more time with his family, and it makes fun of him for something he did wrong 9 years ago, admitted to, and apologized for.  a man like that is not a good target for satire.
at least there's one thing mets and braves fans can agree on... 
true.
&gt;this article, for example, is just dumb. pettitte injected hgh twice in 2002 while he was on the dl to help him recover from an injury. he admitted to it, he seems like he genuinely regrets it,

no, not really.  first he denied doing it.  then he admitted to it under threat of federal investigation, and only to the barest minimum number of instances, as many as they had proof for.

in that scenario, you don't get brownie points for "admitting it".

&gt;and for the last 9 years, he has been nothing but a class act who pitched well and kept his nose out of the dirt.

how do we know?  he only admitted to what he had to admit to, based on the proof he knew was out in the open.  there was proof to incriminate him on two instances of shooting drugs into his ass, so that's what he admitted to.  so how do we know he's a class act if we have one incidence of him breaking the rules and lying about it?

to clarify, i'm not even one of those people who really cares about steroid use.  if not for the deleterious effects on kids, trying to get into sports, i would say let the fucking things be legal.  i'm more concerned with the ridiculous media coverage every time something like this occurs in general, and the more ridiculous coverage of pettitte in particular.  your position on this issue reflects espn coverage on this issue -- you're a yankee fan, and that's their perspective too.

underlying the other stuff in this onion article is a mockery of the espn coverage of steroids and the yankees.
you're right. it is much worse, i see your point. and the dm reference is spot on. he's a little young to *really* feel the pain, i think, but he clearly loves the guy. so do a lot of texas fans. shame.
all names in the early years were kinda badass. cool papa bell, mordecai "three finger" brown? or even moses' brother, welday wilberforce walker.

edit: bastardization of brown.
depends on which league, and what you clarify as 'pro' 'african-american' and even 'first' as the article points out.
wasn't trying to be an a-hole, actually. just making a comparison, though a weak one. :)
in a few months, you'll hear beau say, "the game is so much faster up here! things just happen so quickly" and "i'm working on slowing down the game. not to rush or get ahead of myself".

i'm happy for him. we signed mitch denig out of australia a few years back, he's done fairly well and should be in portland, me this year.
under the mattress
he's just upset because they never high five him

[proof](http://www.daylife.com/photo/034xbth3kh6ns)
this. is. awesome.
lol
my family has had season tickets to the mariners since 1997.  front row baby.  we only didn't before that because we've always sat in the outfield and it was general admission for most of the kingdome years.

i'm in college in another city now so i go whenever i can when i'm in town but my dad goes to almost every game (and batting practice - of course)

part of me loves it when they're bad because we have our own little community at the games and when no ones there all the buddies can come sit together at our seats.  plus my dad gets to wear the "mariner masochist" shirt i made him for fathers day.
mordecai "three finger" brown, and you're right.  i've talked with friends before about there's such a thing as a "great baseball name".  hell, even kenesaw mountain landis, prick though he might've been, had an awesome name.
so [this](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/columns/story?columnist=wojciechowski_gene&amp;id=4142503&amp;sportcat=mlb) is an example of yankee-loving?  i think it's pretty generally accepted that espn sucks the red sox's dicks at every opportunity.  peter gammons is a born &amp; bred sox fan, and buster olney was a dodger fan who grew up in vermont and published a book called the last night of yankee dynasty.  don't sound like yankee lovers to me.
he'll wave it or sit. this is the yankees we're talking about.
a 400 point split for cargo is not "perfectly consistent" with a league average 47 point split.
yes, absolutely crazy. chicago has been and always will be cubbietown. i think the drought is part of the appeal.
that pretty much shattered a portion of my soul.  heartbreaking.
i meant that having a better home split than away split is consistent with what the rest of the league is doing.  the fact that the split is wider is a function of playing on the moon.  you can't say the split doesn't matter at all, but you can't say that the linear difference between the two values matters the same uniformly across the league, either.  everyone hits better at home.

edit:  another factor in rockie splits is that rockies are the only players in the nl that never get coors games in their road split.  which also widens the gap.
i've heard so many awesome stories about him banging in bars in the city. he's a hero.
no, but i think they'll end up signing the best player in baseball to the largest contract ever.
even if he does regress, i don't think phillies fans are going to have much to complain about as far as pitching goes.
just try out and do your best to relax.  what's the worst that can happen? you get cut?  it happens.
it took me every single try, but i won the world series.
you really threw him some softball questions there...
wow i never thought of doing that, but that's a great idea. 
when i saw the article and then saw that there were a few comments i really hoped to find encouraging comments by you redditors............and you did not disappoint. his situation sucks but my high school team would have cut him as well, no pitcher on our team threw less than 85 and we could all get over to first, field bunts, and make plays. on top of that it says nothing of his offspeed........

as someone below said, even doing the interview at all was kind of wack 
naly_d  you don't belong here sir! get back into r/nfl and argue with me!

just kidding buddy, nice post!
the yankees are going to run out of dh excuses eventually. at the moment they've got posada scheduled for a lot of games at dh, and in the near future rodriguez is going to take up most of those dh at bats.  

use espn. keep 4-5 players at most, i've found more than that makes the poor teams lose interest.
ummm... putting in farnsworth almost never seems like a good idea... as i heard a heckler say at a mariners @ royals game last year, as farnsworth dropped one of the practice pitches being returned to him as he came in, "hey farnsworth! that was just an omen as to how you're really about to drop the ball!"
nice snap on the throw there at the end...it really is a testament to the pervasiveness of ads that i only locked in on the blocks of text.

but yeah, i liked your delivery a lot. you have good cadence and were ready to follow the flow. you kept him interested and on point. i'm sure you'll be fine. i used to read news when i was in high school (i became a teacher afterward), so i know it when i see it.

keep at it. i like your work.
was kind of cool to get a good news break here on reddit as well. those were better questions (if you saw the video) than anything i've seen in the local media up here.
i'm still clinging to hope for the cards. i think it'd break molina's heart if pujols left...
the dodgers will have to get their finances/divorce issues settled before they can drop 250+ mil on a player. pujols goes to angels or cubs.
"kyle farnsworth comes in with fire literally in his eyes... " 

...putting him on the 60-day dl. doctors are hopeful he'll regain at least partial eyesight.
talking to the scout jon deeble, it sounds a though the sox have puta lot of faith in him. deeble basically said that if he survives this year, beau will end up in the bigs at some stage.

i got the interview because i work for tv3 in new zealand - there's three tv news media organisations in nz, two big, one small, we're one of the big ones - and baseball is a tiny, tiny sport here, so when i saw the press release i asked my editor if i could go along, he said sure. our nightly bulletin wasn't going to send a reporter, until i told them "actually, this will be huge in terms of international interest. nzers might not care as much, but there'll be tonnes of people in the us who do."

barstool sports has now ripped off my interview and put it on their site without linking to my article or anything, but that's another story.
i don't wanna sound like a pr machine, but i think baseball could be huge in nz. the only reason softball isn't bigger is that there's no international stage for it.

i did an interview with the head of baseball nz the same day which i'll post up this week, but he said that bnz are working on getting an australian baseball league franchise (abl is 75% owned by the mlb - it has a really unique structure, look it up on wikipedia), and that the mlb is seriously wanting to bring a regular season mlb game to nz by 2013.

that kind of stuff, combined with beau possibly making it big, would help a lot. motorsport in nz got a big boost when scott dixon won the irl the first time.
they could move the team to cairo.
wait, how do you support the chargers and the red sox? sounds like an interesting story.
thank you bro! i went quite easy on him though, because he's 17, and it was obvious how nervous he was. i kicked myself straight after, because i didn't ask why he chose to be number 35...
up until 2004 i had a thing for perennial losers. 

seriously though, being a child of a military member and moving around. i was never bound by liking teams simply by where i lived. though i do live in sd now and in fact support the padres as well as the chargers, the red sox are my favorite mlb team. 
"up until 2004 i had a thing for perennial losers."

tell me about it. since my early teenage years, my teams have been indians, cavaliers, golden state warriors, nola saints and our local rugby franchises, the hurricanes and wellington lions.

the lions made the final of their competition in 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009, but never won. including in 2008 i think it was where they lost one game in the regular season, then lost the final 7-9 (converted try v three penalties, same as it would work out in nfl)

the 16th season of the super 15 is about to begin, and the hurricanes have made the final once.

fm sporting l
the thing i'm worried about too is that it's easy for him to say "nah there's no pressure" blahblahblah, but the first time he's in the cage at spring training, regardless of who the pitcher is, it's gonna hit him what's going on and his heart's gonna go off.

if he hits that first pitch, great, but if he stuffs it up, confidence will plummet. and it'll depend a lot on whether he can pick that up for the next pitch, i think that'll tell a lot about his future.

bear in mind nz is not a very good nation for teenage sportspeople. we have no academies, no support networks, nothing like that. he's going over there completely alone too. if he's lucky he'll get to call up travis wilson for some guidance, but he's a 17 year old moving to a big foreign country and he'll be all alone. if he uses that as motivation and throws himself in to baseball, great. if he lets that get to him, he might not make it.
believe me, i'm clinging to every last ounce of hope that we keep him.  i was just responding to the "if the cards can't sign him" scenario.
well, i am certainly not happy to hear about barstool screwing you like that. it is an extremely popular page here and would have been good for you. you deserve to be recognized for your interview. anyway, it just pisses me off so i feel for you. this is fantastic that maybe there is some budding interest building in baseball in nz. if this kid as much of a shot as jon deeble seems to think then maybe this will help with the push for an abl franchise as someone else mentioned. either way, you were smart to make the move for the interview and seeing how it would be a big story here in the us. hopefully you get more recognition for it...
thank you my man! it would have been nice to get a link on their site or something - i did email but no response - but as some of the guys at r/nfl pointed out, the main thing is that people saw my interview, and no-one criticised it.

what struck me about talking to deeble is that he's definitely putting his neck on the line. he isn't saying the whole "we think with years of tuition he could be a solid player", he's saying "he is a solid player now, he just needs time at the plate". deeble clearly thinks he's a good player - and he would know, he's not just a scout, he's the coach of the australian national baseball team, has coached red sox system teams and was the first base coach for the sox in 2005. this isn't just a 'we saw a kid who could throw and saw the opportunity for a miramax movie' kinda deal, i really get the feeling the sox are in it for the long haul.

i mean a seven year contract shows that too, doesn't it?
seeing pedro go as a kid was pretty heart-wrenching...was the beginning of the end for the expos in a sense.

also almost broke down in tears when he gave montreal fans a shout out when he won the world series too...so much love for pedro.
isnt that what they did with arod?
good post. i love finding new blogs!
aroldis chapman, joey votto, joe mauer, evan longoria, clay buchholz, dustin pedroia
yeah i needed more coffee...i should have known that lol.
thanks!
sounds about right.
mauer, longoria, votto, pedroia, chapman, and oswalt.
that's what i came up with as well.
r/fantasybaseball
oswalt&gt;buchholz. advanced stats would indicate that buchholz was very lucky last year and he won't get as many k's as roy. 
roy oswalt is also seven years older than clay buchholz. no telling how he will age.
votto, mauer, longoria, pedroia, bruce, chapman

draft 2 sps with your 1st two picks.
i know its great. we have good seats too.  back when i was poor i was a bleacher bum and got the cheapest tix. dont get me wrong, im a die hard brewers fan and could always get tix easily. but i think this season could be exciting.  and anyways it works out well because my brother just moved to milwaukee and i live in madison so ill be driving in for every game! thats awesome about the plaques. i wish they did that for us
bruce, longoria, votto, oswalt, sanchez, kuo
i like the idea that white was the first black.
man, i haven't been to a batting cage in ages.  luckily though, my yard is big and my dog plays center field.  
i love it.  how hot?  how long?  
the negro league was pro baseball. 

don't sell those men short. you think they toured the country for free?

and if we're just going to use the phrase "pro baseball" to mean "white people baseball" then jackie debuted in 1946, not 1947. he played a season in the minors first. minor league baseball players are pro players. 
draysbay is probably the best team-dedicated baseball blog out there. great in-depth statistical analysis, and a fun, reddit-like community. 
really, even attendance shows that it's wrong.  sox tickets are 50% cheaper and they still draw a much smaller crowd.  that was even true last year when the cubs were eliminated from contention long before the white sox.  
the guy i hope warthen can sort out is chris young. if that guy can come back, he's a solid #2.
it probably just depends on the foam you decide to use. foam can be found at most sports store, but it's something like [this](http://www.amazon.com/unique-treament-baseball-softball-gloves/dp/b0000atdic). this type says 350 degrees for 4 minutes as necessary. 
the season is saved!!!!!!
johan's a warrior, i expect him ready by the end of may.
keep: torii hunter dustin pedroia joe mauer clay buchholz evan longoria
joey votto
i do this, but i just use a thin coat of vasoline rather than 3-in-1.  
&lt;i know... insert vasoline joke here.&gt;  
massage the vasoline in really well. put a ball in the pocket in the sweet spot. tie it up.  next day, play catch with it. tie it up again after.
i'd keep the same with the understanding that chapman is high risk/high reward
til
we have a solid line up if we're healthy!

believe!
here you go: http://i.imgur.com/lt7ag.jpg
this is fucking brilliant.
i only really upvoted you cause you're an expo fan. (but i do agree with you and everyone here that if you can field a bunt or cover first, you aren't going to be a major league pitcher)
if i can somehow manage to make a spare 100 dollars (torontonian here) then hell yeah i will.
fuck sold out? goddamitt!
when i was a kid we used neatsfoot oil which is a leather conditioner. oil the glove up real well,put a softball in the pocket,tie it closed with string or a piece of rope,let sit for a week,then use. back then, i'm talking 40 years ago, gloves were much stiffer when new.
[major leaguers are apparently split on how they do this.](http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/columns/story?columnist=caple_jim&amp;id=5173365)


freaking sweet! this one of the many reasons i love the interwebs.
thanks for posting that. keep them coming if you find more i would love
to see a whole series on a behind the scenes on game broadcasts
absolutely can not wait for the first fenway frank of the year.
great video! actually, in a weird way, i was surprised by the simplicity of it. i thought it was going to be way more complex and impossible to understand. and everything was so high tech, except you see him günterrig it with cardboard to keep out sunlight. very cool stuff!

also, major upvote for linking to vimeo. 


thanks man! i've known about the site for a while, but it was only today that i started looking through what they had. it's now been a good few hours of procrastinating my studies, and i have a feeling there will be many more to come.
black and white viewfinder in 2011? shocking.
ok i tried several options no ws so what's the combo? make sure to hide the spoilers for those who haven't tired.
man, [here go your next 6 minutes.](http://vimeo.com/9679622)
oh man tell me about it, i absolutely love going to fenway.
:o i loved every second of that.
you're a little old for it now, but it never hurts to refresh on the basics, so my suggestion is my favorite book from when i was a kid - [how to play better baseball](http://www.amazon.com/baseball-illustrated-leonard-kessler-jackson/dp/b000i6pc5y/ref=sr_1_5?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1297579035&amp;sr=1-5). it's an ancient book, but then you're playing a game that's been around forever. grab a copy and study it. they might have a more modern version at your local library.
agreed. i was stoked when i found out this subreddit existed and had team logos!!!
i'm sorry i never responded but owners would make more money because they would not be forced to spend it on players. if they did have a floor, teams would be spending money on terrible players just to reach that level as mentioned above. steinbrenner might be losing money but owners like loria would continue to pocket the money. i prefer the money to go to deserving players (especially younger players and international players who are severally underpaid.)
god, that was beautiful.
that's cool and all, but the human body has limits.  especially for a pitcher.  is he trying to shorten his career?
hey, both of you, get the fuck back in /r/nfl.  hold the fort down while i'm here.
don't tell me you're a mod here too? i wouldn't be surprised.
nope, sadly not.  i'm just a reader here.
your plan for world domination is foiled at last
just temporarily delayed.
if your workouts are going to shorten your career, you're doing them wrong.
i am pretty shocked that the white sox are so high. it seems that nobody goes to comiskey park. 
interesting. according to the last chart, the twins, white sox, indians and tigers all had about the same overall attendance with drastically different win totals. 
bleacherreport ftl
fuck.  i was pretty ok with having moved out of nyc and back upstate, but this vid has me missing the city something terrible.  great link
people go. are there empty seats? sure. but the place is always full of energy.
probably.
oh man! i lost! but i traded all the rays good players to the yankees for joe girardi's binder, so that's a plus.
of course not.
all of the hardcore cub fans i know are saying the team will be horrible this year. aside from that, i get excited for spring training every year.
welcome to sports guys. it’s a bar where guys come in and talk about sports. and women. and beer. and sometimes buffalo wings and nachos when they’re hungry.  sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name, but if they don’t know the score of the game what’s the point?  whether you’re a gambler, a stat junkie or just can’t stand stupid calls, there’s a seat for you in sports guys. to read from the beginning click here: http://www.thewebcomicfactory.com/blog/2010/04/11/sports-guys-1/
seriously. the myth of the empty us cellular field is grossly overstated.
the fans come out. at least 20,000 each night i've been there.
i don't like the idea of keeping chapman. obviously there is plenty of upside if he becomes a starter but if he is used as a relief pitcher it doesn't make sense to keep him. also, i doubt that he would go in the first round of your draft if you didn't keep him so getting him next year shouldn't be a problem. pitchers who throw that hard have been pretty injury prone over the last few years.
as for the other keepers, i would keep longo, mauer, votto, ellsbury, pedroia and ichiro. i rarely keep any pitchers since they are so inconsistant and you can get great value in the middle rounds. obviously it depends on what other people in your league are doing. if everyone is keeping 4 pitchers you might want to keep one or two.
if chris young comes back then we are a set hey atleats we are better off than the yankees the guys they are sighning were good in 2000
i'm interested to see if indians attendance rebounds with the departure of lebron james, who showed up in 2003.  i swear the tribe hardly existed with that guy around.  sure, it doesn't help when you chronically trade away cy young pitchers, but i'm convinced the indians lost some love in cleveland when the cavs were getting national attention.
most viewfinders on professional cameras only display luminosity information; the reason why is because colors tend to be distracting when trying to focus on your subject.

/camera operator
i don't get this. why would they be playing the yankees?
do you think the nba (a winter sport) has a significant effect on baseball attendance? the overlap is pretty small. i could see an nba team fighting for attention with a football team or a hockey team, but maybe not a baseball team.

i guess we'll see if attendance goes up in april, right?
defiantly trolling
the thing is... holds count in my league.  this goes a long way towards keeping chapman -- especially if he does start pitching.  i understand the injury risk, but it's always there for just about everyone.  it really is a tough decision for me because i kept sitting all last year and i expect great things from him in the next season or two -- if he doesn't actually come through this year.  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ugd0fv45g
[he gave an interview a few days ago](http://www.boston.com/sports/baseball/redsox/extras/extra_bases/2011/02/dustin_pedroias.html) where he talked about it.  
for non-insiders

pittsburgh -- with the pirates' 7-5 win over the milwaukee brewers last night and the cincinnati reds losing an afternoon game against the new york mets, pittsburgh won the nl central and averted a possible play-in game sept. 29. while an 85-77 season makes the pirates one of the weakest divisional winners in history, it represents an impressive comeback for a team that finished 57-105 in 2010 and looked so lost at times that it would have problems competing in the international league.

despite expectations, the pirates did pull the upset, and for the second straight season an nl team came out of nowhere to become a contender. last year, the san diego padres pulled off the same feat, defying the analysts to take the world champion san francisco giants to the last weekend of the season. luckily for the pirates, nobody in the central has a rotation as good as the giants did.

so, how did they pull it off? and should we have seen it coming?

the offensive improvement was the big story for the team this season. teams with young players are the most likely to surprise in a good way, and with neil walker, pedro alvarez, jose tabata and andrew mccutchen all 25 years old or under, the pirates always had the potential to improve considerably with a little bit of good fortune. alvarez, in particular, improved more quickly than anyone imagined and, while he's still a poor defensive player and needs to be moved off third as soon as possible, he should be able to repeat his .875 ops at first.

in essence, this is the value of having a young team versus an old team -- it's not that younger players are guaranteed to be good and veterans are guaranteed to stink, but when a team has a lot of young guys it is put into a position that surprises are more likely to benefit it than hurt it. going into the year, the zips projection system gave an 8 percent chance that all four of these players would be in the top 12 at their positions offensively, and the dice rolled pirates for a refreshing (and unusual) change of pace.

the supporting cast outside of those four wasn't as impressive but provided much better performances than the bobby crosby s and ryan church s had given the team in similar roles in the past. garrett jones wasn't needed to be the biggest bat anymore and lyle overbay, signed to a one-year deal, had somewhat of a rejuvenation after getting out of the al east, as pat burrell did last year (though not quite as good as pat the bat was).

now, the pitching is still a problem that's going to be obvious when the pirates head to philadelphia in the nlds, but it was just enough to squeak by during the season. paul maholm's 105 era+ with the pirates was enough to lead the team but wouldn't be enough to even crack the phillies' rotation, but people generally underestimate just how much value health can add to a less-than-impressive rotation. kevin correia and james mcdonald were roughly league-average, and when scott olsen predictably hit the disabled list after a couple of solid months charlie morton's 7-9, 4.95 record as the fifth starter reminded us why we remember regression to the mean and look at peripheral statistics. morton's xfip last year was 4.26, so we should have expected some return toward respectability.

even with all of this, cinderella stories all have an element of luck. the pirates were extremely fortunate that main contenders all had some unexpected problems. while it wasn't a stretch to see chris carpenter's shoulder woes, albert pujols missing time because of the plantar fasciitis made it harder for the st. louis cardinals to compensate. the reds' 2010 luck with position players didn't carry over, and the brewers defense resulted in relatively lackluster seasons for zack greinke and shaun marcum. this isn't to diminish what the pirates did, but in many years this team would finish second or third.

despite the challenge facing the pirates in the nlds (simulating 1000 playoff series with updated zips projections and diamond mind resulted in the phillies being 3-to-1 favorites), pittsburgh fans can be satisfied with the season, no matter how it plays out in october. if played correctly by the ownership over the winter, the pirates have a chance to become relevant for the first time since 1992 and that could be a turning point in the rejuvenation of the franchise, a parallel to the city's turnaround.

on the other hand, if mccutchen ends up playing for the new york yankees in a few years, rather than being signed to a long-term deal, it probably means there's no hope for the franchise under current ownership, no matter who the gm and manager are.
excellent!  thanks!  looks like he's still a keeper.  
[this guy's jonesin'.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxzcme-xtxy)
people have a limited "professional sports" budget. people in cleveland go crazy over the browns, but they have to make a choice between the cavs and the indians. after this year, i wouldn't be surprised if people try the indians again to cheer themselves up.

"on the other hand, if mccutchen ends up playing for the new york yankees in a few years, rather than being signed to a long-term deal, it probably means there's no hope for the franchise under current ownership, no matter who the gm and manager are."

aaaaand we have a winner.
here's hoping the bombers spoil it for you. no offense, ha ha.
haha none taken, i think the sox will have a good run this year.
i'd like to see these charts for the rest of mlb teams.
i hope ryan dempster does his [harry caray impression](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk7cx1ne4nq)!
it's because most people recognize that pena just isn't a huge offensive upgrade when he isn't in peak form, and that garza is good but not an ace. not enough of the problems with the team were fixed, so if players like aramis don't bounce back from awful seasons, it won't be any better than last year. i want to be excited, but last season hurt. i'll still catch as many games as i possibly can and be devoted to the team, but it was incredibly disappointing to watch them collapse for a few months.
you are probably still digesting the last one you ate last season. that would explain that taste you're having.
chapman, votto, mauer, longoria, oswalt, santana.
depends on how big that hole is....in feild feild! ama right?
lol jk astros left feild is a defensive joke too.
agreed.
pirates never keep anyone, just like kc. they both are horrible organizations because of poor ownership. imo.

i feel sorry for the fans. kc and pitts are good towns with people who love sports.
can't wait for halladay's phillies fling to finish so he can re-sign with the blue jays.
i haven't read the book, but i thought the article was interesting because i had never really thought about any kind of link between a team's win/loss and the economics of demand from the fans.

from a statistics standpoint, i do wonder how they'll get from the correlation between the "traditional consumer behavoir" of the fans and win/loss to an actual causal effect on the how the management behaves.

anyone think this holds weight, or is ridiculous?  or was this already a well known theory and i'm the last person to find out about it?
lebron was a lot of talk and nothing to back it up. pujols speaks little and swings a big stick.
dustin is rehabbing well. that geribl, on the other hand, will never be the same again.
i use [hot glove](http://www.amazon.com/unique-treament-baseball-softball-gloves/dp/b0000atdic). 300 degrees for 3 minutes, work in any extra foam and repeat. then i put on the glove and work a ball into the pocket for about 20 minutes. this stuff is so good it will make a brand new catchers mitt soft in no time. when i store my glove i keep a rag full of mink oil in the pocket(after wiping it down), and keep the glove in an old crown royal bag.

note- do not use this stuff on a glove with any kind of synthetic webbing like ballistic nylon...that crap will melt in the oven. glove must be pure leather. 
i don't think it's significant, no.  but i do know that the most exciting part of the basketball season, or when cavs nation would be most focused on lebron and the team, would be the beginning of baseball season.  regardless of the outcome of the basketball playoffs, the attention wouldn't shift to the tribe until may or even june.  in many cases, a poorly performing baseball team could be effectively written off for the rest of the season by that point.  so although the overlap is small, the effect of that overlap could extend throughout the rest of the season.
having said all this, i have two functional legs and can't throw even close to 80mph. 

sometimes i wish i was from florida. i would be better at baseball.
i'll go with "crazy", if those are my two choices.  but i think they'll be better than they've been in a while, at least.  not division contenders, but not as bad.
seems about right, though i'm surprised that the royals average about 50%... the only gripe i have on this chart is the one on the top right, it should be the second-to-last spike (2009) that was the stadium renovation, i'm not sure what the difference was between 2006 and 2007 that brought more people, i don't remember it being much different.
lets look at the difference between the cubs and white sox.  over the last ten years the cubs have made the playoffs 3 times and the white sox have made it twice.  if you go back 11 years, they're tied at three appearances each.  so, if you accept that the winner of a playoff series is close to random, they basically have performed evenly.  so, this whole point seems to be immediately disproved. 

according to the article, the outcomes should be vastly different, but they're both pretty similar.  in fact, the cubs spend quite a bit more on their team than the white sox do though the article seems to suggest that the opposite should be true.  
i posted [one up for the al east](http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/529576/attendance_2001-2010_ale.png).

n.b. i am nothing to do with authoring these graphics; they just show up in google reader. :p
inexplicably not.
i just love that he can't use his $200,000 rig properly without a $0.03 piece of cardboard.
most decidedly not. it's the only time of year where the cubs can lose and it won't technically matter.
yes.

http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/j/jeterde01-bat.shtml
you skip into second and then disappear?
and the sox don't have a historic relevance to chicago? they were established 120 years ago and have brought more world series titles to the city than the cubs. 
a couple weeks ago [he wasn't nearly as positive](http://www.weei.com/sports/boston/baseball/red-sox/rob-bradford/2011/01/27/dustin-pedroia-not-letting-foot-uncertainty-g).

pedroia's foot won't be 100% until next year, after he has surgery to take the screws out. it may very well only cause him pain without hindering his play but i expect a lingering, painful injury on an important part of the body which takes lots of abuse will adversely affect him.
don't listen to these tools. you've got respect for your team and like baseball. i have whitesox season tix and i'll be damned if i ever go to a game without seeing a yanks, bosox, tigers, or rubs jersey.  i would do the same thing if i were in your position. not that its the same, but when i was in college i had season tickets for a rival minor leagues club and supported sox gear every game. i went because i liked baseball and enjoyed conversing w people about my team as well as theirs. 


no, he's always been terrible. it's just the ny media hypes him up like he's gods gift to baseball. put him any other market and he'd be above average, not "omg best player ever." yeah sweetie, i know it hurts to hear the truth.
i couldn't find the video, but i found an interesting article on the homer if you haven't seen it yet.

[http://www.slate.com/id/2095/](http://www.slate.com/id/2095/)

&gt;the 538-feet figure, announced by the mariners about 40 seconds after the ball landed, was an overstatement worthy of p.t. barnum. according to three physicists who have worked independently and have written extensively on the science of baseball, the human limit for hitting a baseball at sea level, under normal temperatures and with no wind, is somewhere between 450 feet and 470 feet.

...

&gt;*"...i determined that the mcgwire home run would have traveled about 474 feet."*



thanks man.... i've been looking for the video for so long, but it seems i'll just have to wait to see it on espn by chance 100 years from now....
"we look for power, speed, feel, throw and run, and he showed power, he showed armstrength and he showed to ability to field,” he says.

feel =&gt; field?
don't keep someone for holds! total waste. holds are very easy to come by. luke gregerson broke the all-time holds record last season and he is still unheard of by 99% of fantasy baseballers.
it's posey all over again.

can't really complain about results last year though.
really? bunting's been a part of every competitive league that i've played in. until i was 13, players weren't allowed to show bunt, pull back, and swing, but that would affect the first and third basemen, not the pitcher.
sadly, he'd probably end up in anaheim or los angeles.  if he has to go, just keep him away from the cubs and yankees.
is that the "true distance" or the landing spot? there's been several home runs to reportedly go 500 feet or more, and many that landed short of that by a small amount, but based on trajectory, speed, etc., should have eclipsed 500.  
also, you may be interested in homeruntrackeronline.com. there's sortable data and video of any home run from the last few seasons (and counting).
good point.  i was thinking mostly about attention like tv viewership and newspaper coverage, but attendance and other spending counts a lot (possibly more).
he may be overrated, but saying he's terrible is far stupider than saying he's the best ever.  name ten infielders (not even shortstops) who have had better careers than him.  should be trivial if he's terrible.  seriously.  do it.  i bet they're all going to be hall of famers or close, if you can ever get there.
no, he's had one fucking year in the minors. 
1st answer every time
mine too
problem, mlb?
[here's a great explaination.](http://curvebank.calstatela.edu/baseball/baseball.htm)

i'm pretty sure ballparks have a book of every area that a ball could hit, and it gives estimates of the true landing spot based on if it's a line drive, normal fly, or high fly.
and of course everyone gets them, unlike another popular american sport-based subreddit.
this is awesome. much better than the money gouging at most stadiums.
things can always get worse for the mets.
hey thanks!
deeble said feel, then said field. i asked him afterward and he said "oh did i? sorry what i meant was that the ability to field is the ability to throw and run. feel is the ability to feel what's happening in the game."

i know. i had rageface.
well your logo next to your name explains it all. but sure, i'll take your challenge

* honus wagner
* ozzie smith
* brooks robinson
* rod carew
* ernie banks
* cal ripkin jr. 
* pee wee reese
* luis aparicio
* mike schmidt
* eddie matthews

are we at 10 yet? oh yes, we are.. i'll keep going...

* lou gehrig
* joe morgan
* roberto alomar
* willie mccovey
* jimmie foxx

oh? you want only current players? 

* albert pujols
* chase utley
* dustin pedroia
* orlando cabrera  
* brandon phillips
* troy tulowitski 
* robinson cano
* adrian gonzalez
* evan longoria
* ryan zimmerman
* hanley ramirez
* david wright
* ian kinsler
* michael young

would you like me to go on?

this is so much fun. bert blyleven is lucky that he never had to pitch in coors. 
this city would get behind the pirates in a heartbeat if they showed any kind of life whatsoever.  you have an entire generation of fans who have never seen so much as a .500 season.  win 80 games and the fans will be there, they're just a very difficult organization to continue to support under the current leadership.

i'll be 24 next month.  i was 5 the last time the bucs had a winning season.
votto, mauer, bruce, suzuki, longoria, cahill. i would try to deal chapman and sanchez as they will probably be extremely overvalued: chapman because of his amazing fastball, sanchez because of the giants love going on right now. 
i might have put a editorial bracket in the middle of the quote explaining that. not sure how else to handle that but to avoid the direct quote and note the intent. it's a good article otherwise. rage face is appropriate in this case.
derek jeter, through his [career has a 4.8 war per 162 games.](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/j/jeterde01.shtml#1995-2010-sum:batting_value) 

[cano has through his career has 4.7.](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/c/canoro01.shtml#2005-2010-sum:batting_value)

[according to analysis,](http://www.hardballtimes.com/main/article/how-do-baseball-players-age-part-1/) players post the biggest war's of their career between their age 26 and 29 seasons. cano has only completed his 27 age season, meaning it's most likely that his war per 162 will only rise. besides 1998 and 1999, jeter has been fairly pedestrian in his performance. 

edit: forgot a link
it's actually [hittrackeronline.com](http://www.hittrackeronline.com/).
you honestly cant sit there as a baseball fan and say that he is a terrible player. most of the players in the mlb today would be lucky enough to say they post stats that derek jeter is posting at the age of 36. yes, he has lost some range and speed but he is still a damn good player and you are failing to recognize that. if he was just a name like you are claiming him to be, he would have been fired by now because to play on one of the best teams in the majors you have to be pretty good. the boss wouldn't have stood for a sub par player for this long.
no, they keep him around because he sells merchandise. he is a cash cow. he's still on the team because there would be a fucking riot if he signed anywhere else. he's not just a player to them, he's a money making machine. any amount they pay him is minuscule compared to the amount of money they make off of him.
but how did he get that big? no one just walks into the majors and is instantly a "cash making machine". to make it in new york and to be liked by the fans, you have to be good. he had to be posting pretty damn good stats to get that big, and for the yankees to just be keeping him around "to make money" as you claim.
if you look at my post above, you'll see that he posted really only two good seasons. it helps that he won a bunch of ws and that he's in the ny market. put him in san diego or houston for his career and he would be considered a good, not great player. 
my answer: no. the yankees need to stop focusing on acquiring washed up players like andruw jones, bartolo colon,and eric chavez and get some young life into the starting rotation. the main ingredient to a winning team is a strong station rotation. any baseball fan would say (even true yankee fans) that the yankees failed to acquire decent starting pitchers.
that was awesome, though it's a reason why i hate dave niehaus. or hated, i suppose. he thought a pop fly was a homerun. worst announcer ever.

i'd like some video with audio. i remember it hitting loudly...we were behind the 1b bench at that game and could hear it across the field. i always wonder if i remember that correctly.
unfortunately for you guys, the majority of the league tend to agree. but why does addition need to be the thing to do every year for you guys? you have some decent homegrown talent to use and run out there. you can get to the show on 1 ace and 2 decent pitchers (see texas rangers 2010). 

even though i love this as a jays fan, the yanks 1-9 can still smack it pretty well, probably more than most teams. so i feel that whatever blunders your team gets you in, you can hit your way out of. game 1 of last years alcs shows that as well. (sorry ranger fans, i didn't mean to praise you then stab you).


at least there's starlin castro to look forward to 
too bad he couldn't get any team to say "be mine".
http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/events/mlb_events_mcgwire.jsp

[seriously? first google result.](http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;q=mark+mcgwire+home+run+off+randy+johnson)

538ft hr off randy johnson:
 [56k](http://mlb.mlb.com/media/player/mp_tpl_3_1.jsp?r=mlb/open/g2demand/history/062497_mcgwire_538ft_56.rm&amp;pid=mlb_tp&amp;cid=mlb&amp;fid=mlb_tp350&amp;v=2) | [300k](http://mlb.mlb.com/media/player/mp_tpl_3_1.jsp?r=mlb/open/g2demand/history/092798_mcgwire_70hr_300.rm&amp;pid=mlb_tp&amp;cid=mlb&amp;fid=mlb_tp350&amp;v=2)
i just read a front page post on joba chamberlin, the relief pitcher with a shitty 4pt era on si.com. who gives a shit?
it's been a little while since i looked at the deals, but i don't think any of those signings cost the team much at all, soriano excepted, while keeping montero and their core pitching prospects.  did they do enough for the rotation?  no, but it's probably inaccurate to say they "focused" on acquiring jones/colon/etc., they took a few low cost gambles that are water under the bridge if they don't pan out...hardly the same as that fucking tony womack/jaret wright deal from a few years back.
the winner of a playoff series is close to random? that's a mighty big assumption.
wicked good.
i feel that even if a team has a sporadic good year, unconditional fandom hurts them.  this is especially the case in cincinnati, where everyone expects no less than a repeat nl central championship.  i fear that anything less than that will set the reds back.
definitely not. look at what the sox did to bolster their pen after being really hurt by it last year. i think the yankees could have some serious trouble with pitching this year. if burnett has a good year, that could make a huge difference though. 
in any case, the white sox have 6 playoff appearances in the last 50 years.  the cubs have 6 playoff appearances too.  those are the two teams with the biggest difference in this stat.  

for the claim in the article to be true, you would have to believe that having fickle fans provides magical insight into assembling a team that will win 7 or 10 games in the postseason or that loyal fans somehow handicap the owners into putting together freak teams that can only perform in the regular season.  
i can't count how many times i've seen this, but i always laugh.
have you played those streams?

i ask that because i looked for this a few weeks ago and they don't play and they don't play now.

perhaps op is asking because it doesn't work. doesn't work for me in linux or windows using chrome or ie.
good lord no.
this requires the brewers, reds, and cards to all suck next year. if even one of them is good, and one of them will be, this is impossible...
from what i understand it's the opposite.  i don't think he's particularly jazzed about managing again.
if only he was still sitting in that dugout.  =\

well actually, he'd have been run over and killed by a bulldozer, since that was shea.  but you know what i mean.
enough to make me happy =)
i think it's great they missed out on cliff lee.  the majority of the payroll already looks to be locked up in aging players in just a few years, and adding a finesse pitcher who could lose a lot of his value overnight for seven years would be too much for them to bear.  however, they didn't grab any other guys (de la rosa, pavano (heresy, i know), harden, garland, etc.) to just eat innings.  they already won a ws with sabathia and two other random guys in the postseason.  why they wouldn't try to just get a decent rotation and pair it with their otherworldy lineup is beyond me.

tl;dr: no.
i'll always remember him fondly for his work on ken griffey jr's slugfest.
i almost forgot,
**think blue!**
whatever you do, do not forge bonds's on there. i have no idea what the ball is worth right now, but it'd definitely be worth a lot less with his name on there.
why are we thinking blue?
it's closer...i can feel it.
ahh yes, pitchers and catchers, the beginning of about two months of excitement for us mets fans.  
and to compare his '10 to any random season of a prior era hof shortstop is folly. jeter will get in because of his bat and his bat alone. it's more appropriate to compare him to biggio or yount than to nap lajoie or aparicio.

(yes, i recognize that yount was a prior era ss, but he got it w/ his bat. ozzie is an old school ss, as is vizquel, regardless of era)
worked fine on my jolicloud install. it's the old, nasty .rm video files though.
the royals' attendance surprises you in which direction? having a few friends from kansas city (and going off of other accounts), i've heard it's one of the best parks in baseball.
defiantly, indeed.
my wife told me "happy valentine's day" this morning.  my reply; "happy spring training day!!!!"
what an awful article. no wonder the tribune went bankrupt. did the empty seats in wrigley field throughout the 70s help the cubs at all? 
and for those horrible contracts to come off the books.
first of all, let's just dispel the myth that chicago has always been a cubs town. wrigley field was typically abandoned until the mid-80s.

second, attendance figures can be misleading. i've read estimates that as much as a quarter of the asses in the seats are just tourists. white sox fans have been a little more stingy with their money during lean years (the late 90s sucked). granted, that probably doesn't account entirely for the attendance disparity.

finally, who fucking cares? before the cubs got a taste of winning in the past decade, i heard the dumbest arguments about attendance and tv numbers (which, locally, are slightly in the sox' favor but still close to even) as if that resulted in anything. i could care less if chicago is or ever will be a "sox town." 
time to break out the jersey. knowing my roommate from last year, i won't be the only one on campus.
&lt;3
are you seriously trolling?  on the off chance you're not, i'll bite.

* honus wagner?  of course he's better than jeter.  he's one of the best shortstops of all time.  
* ozzie smith?  explain to me about ozzie smith, who people widely consider one of the most undeserving hof candidates, why he's better than jeter.  because his glove was better?  jeter's glove is definitely passable considering his offensive production, but smith's .  he's old now, but in his prime, i was never upset with him defensively enough to warrant calling for his position move.  no reasonable person would.  but if defense is so important, why have hanley ramirez on your bottom list?  and not omar vizquel?  because it's not, and you're cherry picking.
* brooks robinson? offensively, jeter was better undeniably.  defensively, see above.
* rod carew? a little bit better.  not a huge deal either way.  they're both hall of famers.
* ernie banks?  slugged more, but got on base at a pedestrian .330 clip for his career in a career significantly shorter.  i think i'd rather have jeter.  but, once again, both hall of famers.
* cal ripk*e*n jr.?  he's an accumulator.  jeter's offensive averaged numbers are better.  ripken's defense also struggled, but he moved to a corner position.  jeter will end with better stats, but we all know why ripken's in the hall.
* pee wee reese?  are you just naming hall of famers now?  do you seriously have an argument why pee wee reese is better than jeter?  he's in the hall of swell fellows that people liked.
* luis aparicio?  see my comment for ozzie smith, but even more negative.
* mike schmidt?  no argument there, schmidt was awesome.  what's your point, even?
* eddie mathews is pretty underrated also.
* lou gehrig is one of the best sluggers of all time.  joe morgan, jimmie foxx and mccovey follow.  i don't even know what your point is here.  a bonus name for proving that jeter is "terrible"?  you're just naming the best hitters of all time.

so, of your list, you're pretty wrong about half of your list (who are hall of famers themselves), and the other half are arguably the best players of all time.  you're making a pretty good bid that jeter is a middle of the pack hall of famer, and i definitely agree.  i was definitely right when i said you could only make a list of hall of famers?  well, i was definitely right.

* pujols?  one of the best hitters ever.  you're not helping yourself here.
* utley?  we'll see how he ages, but i'm big on utley.  he's good.
* pedroia?  him getting an mvp when jeter never did is a joke.  jeter's 2006, 1999 and 2000 were better than any of pedroia's seasons.  undeniably.  you're flat out wrong here.
* orlando cabrera.  that's a joke.
* brandon phillips.  "good for a second baseman."
* troy tulowitski?  considered the best shortstop in baseball currently?  if he can stay healthy, we can talk about it.
* cano?  we'll see how he ages.  if he can maintain, that would be an interesting argument.
* adrian gonzalez?  once again, one of the premier sluggers of our era.  he could easily get the call himself, especially now that he's in the limelight.  super underrated guy, but once again, we'll see how he ages.
* evan longoria.  he's good, but he's 25.  you're comparing a 25 year old to a 38 year old.  i'm sure jeter is flattered.
* zimmerman: see above.
* hanley ramirez.  defensive nightmare.  offensively fell off last season, and is definitely a top pick offensively for his position, but needs to maintain, and if his glove invalidates jeter, there's no way it doesn't invalidate hanely.
* david wright?  we'll see how he ages.  if he can't consistently hit north of 25 home runs in citi field, i think that will prove to be wrong.
* ian kinsler?  he's talented but constantly hurt.  will not put up anywhere near jeter's career numbers.
* michael young?  seriously?  no.  jeter's categorically better.

please, go on, a list of all people 10 years younger and in their primes, a list of the greatest hitters of all time, or a list of people you threw in to make your list seem long.  jeter may be overrated, but he's a surefire hall of famer.  he's not the greatest ever, that's definitely going too far, but saying he's "terrible" is laughable.
hitting the ball can only go so far. if you starting pitchers put you in a deep enough hole, it doesn't matter what your hitting is doing. burnett put us in plenty of holes last year that the batters couldn't get out of.
any other year i would be jumping out of my seat, but this year i'm just on edge.. 
another step closer!
thats if he has a good year. and relying on two solid pitchers for carry you the whole season will not work out too well in the end.
hell yes. 

i have some yanks-nats tickets in brevard, tickets to two games in jupiter (cards v. tigers and cards v. nats), phillies-braves at the disney park, and the red sox against the mets in st. lucie. 

i *love* spring training. it's so much fun to see the guys cutting up and being so great with the kids. the nats are closest, so we'll probably catch a couple of more days there too, as opportunity comes up. 
there is joy in mudville.
im taking off april 1-3 for the season opening series... its starting to feel real!
all they have to do is stay in the chase until the trade deadline and pick up a good starter from a cellar dwelling team willing to deal. they'll be fine, and in fact, like you said, it may work out great in the long run. 

it's ok, imho, to give nova and the young starters in the minors (i always forget which "b" is which, honestly) a chance to come up and fill a role. 
with a sport like baseball where the better team wins only about 60% of the time the small sample size of a playoff series is often not enough to determine the true better team.
what's a best of 5 or best of 7 series when your whole seasons is 162 games?
thursday.
the best day of the season for us, most of the time.
probably a dodger fan...
you've got to *really* hate the yankees to call a guy who is *certainly* in the top ten shortstops of all time "terrible". great arguments exist he's in the top five shortstops of all time, already (and hitting over .300 this year would cement that too). 

great reply, but you are probably wasting time on a reply to a homer, tbh. i really enjoyed it though. 3000+ hits in a career, more runs scored, never touching a .250 ba when ripken did that like 5 times ... and most tellingly probably almost as many rbi as ripken when it's all said and done, despite never (really) batting 3-4-5? no question imo already. jeter's a top five all time ss. 2 more career average years, or 3 more replacement level years and that's going to be a given with the valid question being "was only honus wagner better at ss?"
praise be to jobu. 
so happy!!!!!!!  opening day is so close!
streams don't work for me.
it begins.
didnt work for me either
love it.  
got my annual royals lancers email announcing spring training.  
shaved my winter beard, i am ready for some baseball.  
can't wait to start reading box scores every morning.
i bought a carl crawford t-shirt this weekend, i was sporting it yesterday.
i'm pumped, but at the same time, looking at the sports section this morning, i'm reminded that we have 6 weeks of completely pointless stories and player profiles to ignore until shit gets real.
welp.. time to start drinking (pirates fan, still waiting for logo)

edit: oh there it is, thanks mods :)
should be a national holiday, i've always thought.
the average capacity for target field is a bit off.  with the exception of last year, the games were played at the metrodome which held more than target field does now, plus damn near every game last year was sold out.  so maybe 58% for the metrodome, but i'm positive the % for target field is much higher.
negative. 
think i'll celebrate tonight by popping in bull durham and follow that up with the first or second inning of ken burns' baseball.
zambrano is your ace. garza is a good number 2 or 3 starter. he gives you guys some depth at sp, though he is prone to the long ball. once you dump some bad contracts, as howisbabbyformed said, you can really rebuild. could be a long year for you guys with the moves the central has made to improve.

but....it's spring training. every baseball fan should be excited!
crap, now i have to go watch major league again.  oh darn.
...and the plot thickens. 
i hear this argument in pittsburgh a lot.  the organization is useless so everybody just says to stop going to the games.  i'm not sure if it really helps either way, a sellout crowd is not going to make them spend enough money to matter or start building a small market team in the proper fashion.  not that the cubs are a small market team obviously, but yeah
i think this situation is going to get ugly. the cards cannot let this guy walk, but the fact that he rejected the offer is not a good sign. 

how much did a new baseball cost in pittsburgh in 1989-1990?
spring training day began my first date with my [now] fiancé, just three years ago.
one of the best days of the year. makes me believe that there is an end to this winter. very optimistic as a tigers fan this year. could be a great season. 
it's a good park (horrible location in metro...) i'm surprised that it's that high. i go to a lot of games there (i live in kc despite my icon) and for an example, last year i bought a 9 game plan + opening day and i went to a few games where i bought my tickets at the window. the only game in which i sat in my purchased seat (i always buy the cheap tickets way up) was opening day. this is including red sox, yankees, and cardinals games (the only games remotely busy).
and, honestly, they should. no way should the cards just let him walk. if i were in that front office, i would be doing everything possible to lock him up. granted, i wouldn't be too high on a 10 year deal, but as much as this guy is worth and what he's meant to this franchise......no way am i letting him walk with nothing to show for it. 
i want pujols to stay, but not with a 10 year contract. he is worth the $30 million but not when he is past the age of 40. if his heart is truly in stl with his charity, family ties, and idolizing stan the man, then he will end up staying. if he leaves, i wish him the best and the cards can spend the money elsewhere and build around wainwright, molina, holiday, and rasmus.
my wife bought me mlb.tv for valentine's day! happy spring training day indeed!
i'm the rare bombers fan who wasn't looking forward to seeing lee in pinstripes. that said, i think that they didn't make enough moves to acquire the talent we could use. the yankees still have (hands down) the best infield in baseball and one of the best starting lineups. as for pitching, our bullpen is a strength and we have a very good 1 and 2 in the roation. if aj can return to form, i think the yankees are a division champ; if not, we're going to need somebody to step up bigtime.
yea i should have said that... i looked for this a while ago and found this link that didnt work, but i do thank you for trying
not nearly enough. but, because the rays have lost so much, they will still compete in the division. 

the sox are clearly the favorites and even though toronto and baltimore are improving, the yanks will still compete and most likely finish 2nd in the division.
not until tomorrow for the tribe.  a lot of the team's been there for a week or two already, though.  gonna be a good year.
i'm ready for some baseball!!!
i always let my sons stay home from school one extra day in honor of baseball starting. 
didn't hamilton hit several 500 ft homeruns in the homerun derby 2 years ago?

edit:

&gt; he hit four home runs that nearly cleared those bleachers -- and one that bonked off the bottom of the distant bank of america sign, 502 feet from where he was standing......  but incredibly, that wasn't even hamilton's longest home run of that round. there was also a towering 504-footer that plopped into the last row of the bleachers, even farther out toward center field. and there was a 518-foot mars mission that landed so high up in the third deck, you felt like it might have thumped off the top of the empire state building if he'd hit it in manhattan.

http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/allstar08/columns/story?columnist=stark_jayson&amp;id=3487832
ok, that just completely changed my thought patterns about those guys who stand out in the outfield with the big cameras. thank you for posting!
i mean, kids stay home in canada for good ol' boxing day, why not baseball here?

disclaimer: i have no idea if this is true and am too lazy to google.
young: .300/.347/.448 1848 h, 158 hr, 81/26 sb/cs.

jeter: .314/.385/.452 2926 h, 234 hr, 323/85 sb/cs.

how those lines are identical is beyond me.  jeter's overrated, but michael young is not on the same level as jeter, not even remotely.
dont forget about the cubs...oh wait. never mind.
or tobias fünke??
eww...
us royals fans will be excited for about 6 weeks - then we'll be waiting for football season to start.....again....


*sigh*
i love baseball season, but as a lifelong royals fan, i know this year is going to be rough.  really rough.  i'm thinking 110-115 losses kind of rough.

buy hey, hope springs eternal (or at least for a few weeks).
happy 45 days to opening day day!
i'll upvote you for being too lazy to google. 
i'd upvote you if i weren't so lazy. ahh screw it, i'll give it a... 

*collapses*

i don't want him if we cant afford to put another good 8 players on the field with him.
except for cardinals fans, who should be spending pitchers and catchers day in somber, quite introspection. 
ugh, sad but true, especially this year...pelfrey is gonna be our ace...
you! ugh, you're a sox fan? i like you less now. ;)
the best part of today is seeing the fans from the other teams in the division (hi enoether, vhoff, slothwrangler, and turnerj5!) coming in saying how excited they are and how this season is going to be a good one, and all i can think of is how deluded they are and how this season is only going to be good for **my** squad, even though they have just as much of a chance of being right as i do...
you are a boston fan who lives somewhere other than in the new england area, i hope? 
*ruffle*

it's why i'm less jaded than most bears fans :p
does anyone know if hellickson for the rays is gonna be in the starting rotation this year? or used as a relief pitcher? i can't imagine he gets sent down again.
uh, kids in america get to stay home on the 26th too...
damn you, i had to budge and google now. yes i now see it's the day after christmas and feel mildly dumb.

are you satisfied?! ^_^
there's still plenty of time.
i believe i just blue myself.
otherwise he better use a proxy :)
cant wait for the season to start! 
yup and sorry for sounding like a condescending douche. i was tired and grumpy last night lol.
right? used the 01 mariners, traded for mcgwire, and back for randy johnson. 162 win season, straight post season sweeps lol.
pitchers and catchers are my valentines &lt;3
coming from someone who (i assume based on logo) lives within the broadcast range of john sterling? come on. 
hahaha...nice...."c'mon meat, throw me that weak-ass shit!"

greensboro resident here.  
hey guys! what are we talking about?
usually you guys win the world series in november when you sign a star player. i guess that wont be happening for years, since wilpon helped madoff.
eww, why don't you go *vomit* on somebody or something?

*distasteful look*
i'll buy you one of [these](http://zoowithroy.spreadshirt.com/lies-this-shirt-is-the-illest-a6627985/customize/color/258) shirts if you want.
i hate the hell out of the tigers, but that city adores their team. it's nice to see. hopefully they disappoint this year. cabrera is going to hit .600 against the tribe though. shit.

edit: you know, bill veeck once said cleveland was the sleeping giant of the american league. if the dolans weren't skinflint cheapskates, that sell-out streak could have kept going. 
"aid he is 25 pounds lighter after he stopped eating full boxes of cap'n crunch"

growing up sucks.
yup
this is our year!
western ny, yeah.
that's a sick shirt.
lies!
if it makes you feel any better i still get shit about that white trash father and son that beat up an umpire during a sox game.
it does make me feel better.
i don't think it will be that rough. we have a nice upcoming group getting ready to mature. hopefully the yost infection that was injected will continue and moustakas and hosmer will make the club. as long as dm stays away from the horrible free agent decisions he has been making, for the first time in a long time i feel good about the direction of this club.  

i thought the greinke trade was horrendous but only time will tell. would have liked to have seen at least one proven player from it. i guess what can you do when your back is against the wall and your ace says he doesn't want to be there. got to get something for him.
no brewers love from anybody yet?! normally i wouldn't be that excited either, but after the offseason pickups i actually can't wait to see our rotation in action. roll out the barrel...
i'm happy with everything the yankees did this offseason except for acquiring rafael soriano. the centerpieces of our aging dynasty will soon be gone and the best way to replace them is with young homegrown talent rather than free agent acquisitions. if we can get banuelos, bentances, and brackman up to the majors (and healthy), our rotation would be great in a couple years. ivan nova could be a decent #4 or #5 pitcher and we might even have cc at that point. we also have 3 great catching prospects and a brand new ss from the 1st round of the 2010 amateur draft. the yankees might not have a minor league system as strong as the royal's system, but we have 2 of the most important commodities: hard throwing starting pitchers, and catchers.
i hate to be the guy that says, "this", but... this.

i'd much rather have six $5,000,000 players than one $30,000,000 player.
ebay is surprisingly good. just check seller feedback
dear minnesota twins,

honestly.  just give us one playoff win this year.  you don't have to win the world series or even advance to the alcs.  just give us one win.  please.  we're desperate up here.  2-15 over the last 5 playoff series is starting to take its toll.

signed,    
twins territory
not for me, that's friday(twins).
unfortunately we have one of those too. almost anyway.
i think by 2013-2014 this will be a really solid club, but the pitching rotation this season is probably going to be the worst in baseball.  there are way too many young inexperienced starters on this team and nobody to provide any veteran leadership on the mound.

this man is the best baseball player i have ever seen with my eyes (i'm in my mid 20's). give him anything he wants. 
dude, starlin castro. how could you not be excited? 
here, mlb.com, and baseball reference
oldtimefamilybaseball.com
just proves what we already knew: the playoffs are a crapshoot.  in a sport where the best teams win 60% of the time, winning a world series isn't a great indicator of which team was best in a given year.
twins! y u no report on time!?!?
tradition mostly. we're usually the last team to have pitchers and catchers report, or very close to last.
hope for a series title, pray for a playoff win.
yeah, that and management said they weren't going to do anything "crazy" i guess that means signing good players.  thats what happens when you sink millions into freakin ollie perez.  i'm so full of rage right now
something about the navy losing 75% of their forces?

http://www.instantrimshot.com/
http://www.kylefarnsworth.com/
wear neutral colors. orange or black would be acceptable. just don't go shouting "dodgers suck! giants rule!" you're hurting your fanbase more than helping at that point.   
   
another option would be to wear the dodgers' opponents colors and cheer for them the whole game.
morgan ensburg has a great blog. also fangraghs, dirk hayhurst's blog.
big league stew, my local paper(just for my team).
http://www.mlbtraderumors.com/
[mlb trade rumors](http://www.mlbtr.com), [riveraveblues (for yankees fans](http://www.riveraveblues.com), [fangraphs!](http://www.fangraphs.com) 
bad news already ot of surprise, az. turns out the royals have already been eliminated from the pennant race.
here, here! oh...and beat the yankees every time...please! :)
http://sonsofsamhorn.net

http://soxprospects.net

http://minorleagueball.com

http://fangraphs.com

http://royalrooters.com (shameless plug for a non-launched site!)
fangraphs, baseball reference, hardball times, talking chop (for braves) 
also capitol avenue club (for braves)
or as we call it in philadelphia, aces and catchers day.
i remember being able to do that at comiskey (before the name change). at the time, kids would get in on sundays for a buck, so my friends and i would take the train, get in for a dollar and sit behind the sox' dugout. i'm glad i have the option now to pay full price to watch a competitive team.
sheffield and belmont a predominantly cubs area, huh? right down the street from their stadium? good call.
"anything can happen in a short series."

"that's why the play the games."

&lt;insert some chris berman cliche here&gt;
good deal for the cubs. he can get a bit wild, but this could set them up with the best staff in that division.
what if it's a really bad forgery? by your logic, the value should skyrocket.
redsox.com and nesn.com
amen.
i *wish* i could do that. 
[baseball-fever](http://www.baseball-fever.com/forum.php).com has it all, best historic baseball site on the web, bar none. ballparks section is like the smithsonian of stadium data.

metsrefugees.com has a feisty but informative board.
how much does one player need? 30 million a season?! why? because that's the going rate for a superstar? because a-rod makes that much? baseball is a team sport, it's not like basketball where you can give the ball to one guy and let him win the game. seems like to much and to long to invest in one guy. other teams could operate on pujols salary alone and make the playoffs. its only going to get more ridiculous when the next great player comes along. " 6 years 400 million xollars"
i dunno, i just bought a $100 replica one when i wanted to get a jersey.  still kind of pricey, but i'm too lazy to go hunting.
i'm basically using this as ammo against my close friend, a phillies nut, who is guaranteeing a crown. odds are stacked against it!
reddit.com/r/baseball 
haha no worries
http://www.fangraphs.com/

http://www.mlbtraderumors.com/

http://espn.go.com/mlb/
lol why???? why downvote?

starlin castro is the man. plus dreamy. 
120 win season incoming.
i remember when teams used to hit home runs in seattle...

you know your team's offense is bad when you fondly remember the home runs of **other** teams in your stadium.

*sigh*...

hey at least they lasted a little longer than last season.
who says they're going to have the best record in the first place?
&gt;take the train

sigh... i only wish there was a public transportation option to the stadium... a few years ago i would take the bus out to royals stadium at least once every series, it was $6 but you got a $6 off coupon for a ticket to the game. 
&gt;"said he is 2,500 pounds lighter after he stopped eating full ~~boxes~~ airlifted shipping pallets of cap'n crunch"

ftfy.
yeah i heard from somebody that he's a lock for 5th spot in rotation.
the guy says the north side is white sox territory, is wrigleyville not on the north side?

good call.
direct from majestic.  you can put any name and number on a replica of any team for $100, no tax, free shipping.

i'm making a collection of jerseys of great players from each of the teams i don't hate, one or two a month, and it's not expensive at all.
tarajersey.com has been great for me. ive purchased 2 jerseys from them and have been satisfied each time.  slightly unconventional payment system and 7-15 day shipping times, but quality products at crazy low prices.
yup.
not for you.
jump in a freezing pool.
upvoted because he's on my fantasy team.
i understand, my home team(astros) has been seeing a nose dive in attendance the last few years. you have to have something worth following. thankfully it looks like the front office gets it and is starting to develop young players again. i don't think anyone understands why the bucs let go of such great players, maybe i'll learn that here. 
no it's not, but i'm going to pretend it will be for as long as i can. go tribe!
two months! jealous...
pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease.

upvoted for misplaced optimism. 
[the broncos want their old logo back](http://imgur.com/smahg)
solid. thanks
the most news with non-analysis and a bunch of homerism you can get.
beyond the boxscore and the hardball times are also very good if you are sabermetrically inclined.

baseballreference.com is the ultimate.
if he opts out he'll be doing it so the yankees can just pay him much more, a la a-rod.
philly is currently getting 3:1 to win the world series.  that is a terrible, terrible bet in and of itself, but you can go ahead and offer him 2:1 and he'll either have to shut up or make a stupid, stupid bet.  

in my experience, people split 50/50 between making the atrociously dumb bet or admitting that they're just being stupid.  if they take the bet, your best value is to take the $100 or whatever and buy a piece of clothing that you can wear around your friend.  
i'd like to see this again in a few years.  the average attendance at target field last season was 39,798, or 100.7% capacity.  the highest average attendance at the dome between 2001-2009 was 29,466, or 63% capacity.

attendance in 2010: 3,223,640

attendance in 2001: 1,782,929	

nearly doubling your attendance in 10 years is pretty amazing.  the attendance in 2000 just barely cracked 1,000,000, so more than tripling it in 11 is something else altogether.
no need to rub it in man, i still love and watch baseball.

plus, i remember the twins being pretty close to where the expos are not all that long ago....
they took a few cheap fliers on some veteran players, that hardly stopped them from getting cliff lee.  there wasn't much else out there so i don't know what you expected them to do. 
and you also forgot to mention that wrigley is chicago's largest gay bar.
close.... much different.
i was a pretty big fan of this one also: http://i.imgur.com/afs2h.jpg

also isn't bobby valentine going to be an announcer on espn sunday night baseball for atleast this season?
as a red sox fan: nesn.com and csnne.com
me gusta
you should really represent with a logo. us royals fans are an endangered species.
giants win the series...agaaaain.
could be worse. you guys still have a solid rotation.
i can do that.
at least you make the playoffs.
+1 for river ave blues, also [twinkie town](http://www.twinkietown.com/), [eephus league](http://www.eephusleague.com/), and i pop on [flip flop fly ball](http://www.flipflopflyin.com/flipflopflyball/index.html) just to see if there are any new infographics. 
i'm just saying, just be thankful you still have a team...
think blue indeed! we're gonna be awesome this year! all we need is for furcal to stay healthy, torres to not be terrible like he actually is, thames/gibbons/young jr/whoever else to step up to be our 3rd of, blake to stop getting old, loney to start hitting like a 1b, and kemp to stop thinking about rihanna. :) (did i forget anything?)

we got decent pitching, though.
explain the downside of increasing the team in any way you can after you miss the worthwhile acquisitions on the market in free agency in the offseason?  you're saying they're focusing on known quantity free agents like it's all they're doing, but there is little to no worth in signing anyone else available to a large contract, so small improvements should makes a 2-6 war positive through the course of the season by shoring up bench problems.  beyond that, they're just taking fliers on tons of hit-or-miss pitchers, hoping one or more of them hits, which is *exactly* the right thing to do.  it's just a numbers game at this point.

they'll try to trade for a top pitcher during the season; teams won't trade away their aces unless they're backed into a corner, and the price will be way higher now to the point of not being worth it.  other than signing the top guys who we offered massive contracts to to be turned down, this is precisely the correct move to make.  this offseason was out of our hands, and stocking up the backend of the team is a no-brainer.
i've always been under the impression that the c.c. stood for chubby checker. 
lol 
brewers.  kicking ass and taking names
while i would love for my giants to go all the way again... my realistic hope is that we didn't burn out our star bullpen with last years playoffs and they are all still able as ever.
this offseason the brewers went out and really showed that they were serious about pitching - we traded for zach greinke, shuan marcum, and signed takashi saito. 

i can honestly say that i expect the brewers to, at least, be serious pennant contenders. go crew!!! 
that my team comes back?....wait that's not realistic, fuck.

but in all serious, being a closet yankees fan somewhat, i'm hoping that address their pitching issues by mid-season and until then hope that the bullpen is as good as it has been the last few years.
i might be going back to yankee stadium next summer....wonder if he'll sign a box of cap'n crunch?....
i'll be happy if the mets don't finish last in the division. 
85 wins, something like that. a couple of the indians pitchers seem to be evolving well- carrasco pitched damn well towards the end of 2010, so did carmona, and if masterson can get through the sixth consistently, that's a nice top three. the offense is going to have to carry, but if sizemore is healthy and laporta grows into his promise, that could be good. second place is possible, considering how much the al central beats itself up. 
what teams are going to make up the market for him? who can/will offer a contract worth $300 million?   
yankees? they have texiera.   
red sox? just got gonzalez.   
dodgers? divorce mccourt - they probably aren't in a spending mood.   
mets? not anymore according to what i saw on otl this weekend.   
rangers? perhaps. their new tv deal is huge. new owners will want to make a splash.   
cubs?  white sox?  angels?

who else might throw their hat in the ring? i obviously just listed all the "large market" teams, but i'm sure other cities will have reasons they might be a viable option for pujols.
hopefully making it at least .500 in wins.
i already have the mindset of "who would i be okay with winning the world series?", since i don't expect the m's to make it anywhere. i would probably be okay with that. the nl race should be very interesting to watch this year.
now if you can somehow just get pujols out of your division, you'll be sitting pretty!

also, please give us prince fielder. we'll give you... um... milton bradley and david aardsma.
that's the kind of mentality that i understand! i think the nationals actually have a chance of finishing in 4th+ in the east this year. depending on if strasburg's arm can stay in one piece.
we are going to beat the phillies 75% of the time that we play them, lead the division until september, and then collapse

realistically i could see 2nd/3rd because if everyone remains healthy and santana is actually able to gets wins, we have more of a chance than everyone thinks we do. 

i think pelfrey can be a solid number 2 guy, dickey a number 3 (if he pitches 80% as well as last year, no one can possibly complain), and niese as a 4 (would be higher but he lacks the experience). 

i have no idea who will get the 5th starting role


well fuck, i haven't been paying close enough attention to santana. judging by the fact that he might not be back until may or later, i am going with your philosophy. anywhere better than last is fine by me
it makes sense, yeah. but he's also only had a couple games in aaa, i maybe they want a little more seasoning, see if last year wasn't a fluke. of course, the way he moved through the system, and how he hit in richmond in the eastern league, commonly considered a "pitchers league", that kid's a beast. he'll show up at some point though.
that might be a bit rough in the al east, but if wieters and a few others can get it going, it could happen! 
and blanton
i am. i was heartbroken at the time. i do miss the expos, but they were mismanaged, and mis-owned. 

besides, karma came back around from that with the vikings previous season and their seeming impending move to l.a. &gt;_&gt;
your jib.  i like the cut of it.
current favorite - http://www.mlbtraderumors.com/

my favorite, now defunct - http://www.bat-girl.com/

http://www.eteamz.com/patneshek/

http://www.twinkietown.com/

edit: formatting.
montrealer born and raised here, pouring one out for the spos. 1994 - never forget.
the labor dispute killed your franchise.
sure did.
がんばれ阪神！今年優勝や！
&gt;...and he is still unheard of by 99% of fantasy baseballers.

more like 99% of baseball fans. seriously, who?
there were a lot of things that killed our franchise - horrible ballpark, corrupt management, bud selig - but that was certainly the beginning of the end.
(twins)

having another phenomenal season and finally not getting swept by the yanks in the alcs
realistic expectations? a threepeat alc pennant doesn't seem out-of-reach, but the white sox put together a pretty solid roster for this season. 

hopes?  to actually beat the yankees for once in the post season :(  not sure how realistic that one is, though.   i also hope nishioka can hit .300+, but we'll see about that one.  

&gt; **a sack of crazy** and david aardsma

ftfy
hopes: peavy is 100% healthy and effective, the pitching staff stays strong and dunn hits 50 bombs and 120 rbi's in his first year at the launching pad also known as u.s. cellular field.

expectations: another tight al central race with the piranhas, the offense will hit 200 homers again, and (hopefully) the sox come out on top and make another deep playoff run, ala 2005.
baseball reference and mccovey chronicles.

i subscribe to over a dozen baseball-related rss feeds, too.
well, sure that's only 24%, but that is still higher than the rest of the teams in the playoffs individually.  that is, non-best-record teams win 76% of the time, but if you divide that number by 7 (the number of non-best-record teams in the playoffs) it is about 11%, far less less than best-record-teams.
can't wait.
yankees turn out to be too old and have shaky pitching to stay good, the rays losses this off season are not overcome by their somewhat confusing additions, orioles still aren't there yet and boston kills the division. but resurgent aaron hill and adam lind along with fantastic young pitching propels the jays to 90 wins and a wild card birth...one can hope right?
commissioners trophy and a parade down broad street. i hate to say it but anything less than that would be a huge disappointment, especially with all the buzz. this may be the last year we are able to keep the core together with rollins and hamels eligible for free agency at the end of the season. 
i think that the a's will make it closer than i'd like, but i fully expect the rangers to win the al west again this year. anything past that i'm not sure we'll be able to handle - outside of (arguably) cj wilson and colby lewis our starting pitchers are suspect. 
borntradejersey.com 
i have actually made money buying from there and selling on ebay.

they look real legit and are real cheap
for the angels, i expect them to contend for the west. texas has a young team, but they seem like an organisation in disarray. also, i still think the halos can get better via trades during the season. 90 wins is realistic.

for the metropolitans, 3rd is realistic and 3rd is what i expect. the phillies would have to have a tremendous streak of bad luck with injuries and they still should win the east. and i like the braves a lot, i am just not 100% sold on their team yet.

i hope that everyone stays healthy/gets healthy and i'd really like to see bay have a chance to be consistent.
the sox are scary. they saw you and raised. but there's some nice pitching getting ready to come of age on the twins while the sox need peavy to return to form.
if quentin can find his way back, i think it's all over. i don't know for sure how they'll do the lineups since it's so early to say, but if he could offer protection to dunn and konerko, that would be crazy.

maybe gordon could find his bat as well.
it's not the pitching, it's the defense. i think the biggest loss with halladay is that he was really good at telling the infielders how to play at home.

if cecil and morrow were a little better/more mature, i think a lot of those hits and walks they give up could be turned into ks and aggressive duels with batters. i don't think it's unrealistic that you could have 5 starting pitchers with an era in the 3's.

if you can't score 3 runs in a game with all of those guys swinging for the fences, you deserve to lose. it's sort of a joke, but it's not. there's no reason why the jays can't win. better defense is an easy thing to fix because it's mental errors. there's no bat speed or anything like that. you just have to play smart. and if you guys could cut down on the ks at the plate and get on base every so often, that would be great as well.
shit, you're being humble. you should demanding the crown for the best rotation ever.
cj and colby, been grabbing those guys in my drafts. i have big expectations for those guys.
&gt;the rohlfing report is a source for anyone looking for a well-spoken, learned opinion about a lot of things, mostly sports, some political or social commentary, but also occasional fiction an satirical work, when the mood strikes. podcasts will also be available for listening, once management figures out the technology. 

how'd this guy get hired?
she let you score with a furry in a van? *niiiiice....*
i definitely think that 90 wins is realistic for the angels, if they can stay healthy. 
baseball reference?
i would be totally fine with this. 
touche.
http://www.baseballdailydigest.com
hopefully the blue jays learned from the mariners, and can work with morrow to keep honing his talent into something special. the m's kept switching him between the rotation and the bullpen; starter, reliever, starter, closer, etc.
i'm still gonna wear my perez jersey to citi field. i feel that no true met fan can be complete without the jersey of a complete bum.
aye. upvoted for truth. that and im hoping to not have to hear about madoff after the all-star break. is that too much to ask?
it'd be nice to watch reyes have a good year. im not expecting play-offs, but an entertaining reyes would make the season tolerable. 
i love eephus league.
i'm hoping for 3rd in the al west, its a long shot but i'm still hoping
luckily we have the pirates in the nl central to buffer us, otherwise my dream would be the same.
woooooooooooop
i don't see why we can't take the division. 

once in the playoffs, anything can happen.
thanks! good to know. i've really got to start reading and listening to more about baseball if i'll have any chance in my fantasy leagues.
for the rangers i expect them to win the west, although i think the angels and a's will improve and make it a tighter race than last year. as always with the rangers, starting pitching is a question. i really hope they start strong out of the gate and get the metroplex excited like they did last season. being a dfw native it was amazing to see the support for this team. i see more rangers hats than cowboys hats around town now. 
i'm hoping for another series win following another nlcs win against the phillies. can you say ultimate pitching matchup?!
that's great - i hate to see a good team go unappreciated by their hometown, even if it is a good team that will smack the mariners around this year.
yeah, much as i'm sure we'll be grateful for it a few years down the road, it's going to hurt not having cliff lee this season.  i think we'll do well, but i'm not banking on another world series appearance.
i'm not too bullish on the braves' offense, but i think i can realistically hope for heyward to make some mvp noise.  it's not unprecedented for a guy to win roy (you know he should have!) and mvp in back to back years.

if the offense can be decent, the braves should contend for the wild card.  the pitching -- especially the bullpen -- is stellar.  hanson should have a breakout season.  and hey, maybe the phillies' geezer offense will crumble and the braves can sneak away with the division... a guy can dream, right?
[drunk jays fans](http://www.drunkjaysfans.com/)

[the tao of stieb](http://taoofstieb.blogspot.com/)
i wish i didn't agree with you, and i'd consider a close 3rd to be a good season as long as it didn't involve a major collapse/scandal/lopsided trade/luis castillo. 
http://yukijersey.com
i hear ya. it's still a little surprising to think that the highest team achievement in the regular season has less reward than one might think. and actually, it would be higher than 11%, with only 4 playoff teams each year from 1969-1993, then 8 from 1995-on.

so let's see. since the wc in '95, 3 best teams got the ring of 16 total years, 19%, so 81% non-best won, divided by 7, 12%.

post division, pre-wild card, 7 best win it all of 25 years, 28%, so 72% non-best champs, divided by 4, 18%.

so we're probably overall around 16% or so for non-best, still an appreciable difference.
hope: none of the mariners commit suicide by jumping off the space needle.

expectation: only a few of them commit suicide by jumping off the space needle.
the team that offers the most big flats gets milton bradley.  come on yankees, six packs are only $3.50.
yeah, quentin is a wild card in that lineup. they should hit 200 homers easy with 81 games at the cell.
alds
how could one possibly be happy with the yankees not acquiring any worthwhile starting pitchers?! even if aj decides to show up and be a pitcher (which is what he lacked for the majority of the second half of the season), a ball club cannot be successful with 2 solid starting pitchers. 

hell yes brewers! hope for at least a division title.
we'll take the king :)
as several redditors probably said during the playoffs last season, jerry jones was probably real thankful the rangers made it as far as they did to dull the pain of the cowboys meltdown. dfw was a rangers town for that brief period of time. just as we were a stars town in the late 90's/early 00's and all about the mavs from 05-08 or so. but i digress...

the m's will be back soon enough. although i dont have much firsthand knowledge, they don't  strike me as a franchise that's ok with extended periods of futility, at least not these days. 
http://bleacherreport.com/ is pretty good

plenty of time? pitchers and catchers reported today. the season is right around the corner.  if nothing was accomplished within the off season i doubt anything significant will happen between now and opening day.
how could they, if the rockies win the division?...[4]

edit: wait... this isn't trees.
i understand the urgency, but the trade deadline is not right around the corner, and to me, the main reason the 2009 yankees got to and won the world series was because of the spare parts acquired throughout the season.  without guadin, hairston jr, and the other acquisitions,  the team would not have done as well in my opinion.  patience has been cashman's mantra, and it's worked out pretty well for the team so far.  i trust him.
win world series, sign albert for life. nothing less will do.
i got yelled at for having my adrian gonzalez red sox shirt on in san diego.
3rd in the division would be nice, but i would really just like to see an overall improvement in play. bats were the main concern last season and not too many moves were made in the offseason, so we'll see how this one pans out. "rebuilding" is tough on fans.
http://www.metsblog.com/

http://metstradamusblog.com/

http://metsmerizedonline.com/

~~http://www.firejoemorgan.com/~~ :(rip)

you can't customize any twins jerseys, and that makes me sad. 
giants pitching staff remains as the most dominant pitching force in all of baseball as barry zito shines brighter than he ever has in an sf uniform and lincecum makes a strong case for a 3rd cy young with madbum really making himself a force to be reckon with.

buster posey makes his all star debut and goes on to become one of the top catchers in the league.

and even though the offense struggles sometimes during the season, they easily make it to 100 wins and although they make the playoffs, they do not however win the world series.
so...you're saying the phillies should play an intra-squad game?
i'd be happy with 5th if luis castillo was frozen in carbonite.
i think they have a lot more things to go right/come together than say...fall apart. kendry back, vernon gets a change of scenery, haren's had time to adjust.

napoli will be missed, though. kinda funny how that worked out.
hell, i don't even have to be entertained. him playing 150 games would blow my mind.
out of curiosity, how many of the teams with the best records have made the world series, and lost? lost in the ds, cs, etc? 
i think you should tank it and make lee play 1b so he demands a trade.
we really could have used mike sweeney hugging some guys in order to prevent this.
there is actually some promising talent with the mariners, if you look hard enough. michael saunders, justin smoak, dustin ackley could all start for the team this year. moving figgins back to third might help his numbers too. 

the real problem is that the two biggest signings for the mariners this offseason have been jack cust and miguel olivo. that's... not so good.
&gt;"rebuilding" is tough on fans.

indeed.
even after an intersquad game they find a way to lose 4 games to the giants and get outpitched :p
my hope is to get a winning record against the yanks this season.
i think your spot on about the alc, totally plausible.
i am realistically hoping for significantly less 'torture.'
i miss my expos logo for the chance to make awesome posts like this one.
if everyone stays healthy (which is a big deal, our pitching staff is creaky as heck), there's no reason why we shouldn't walk away with the central league pennant.
prior becomes what he was supposed to become and colon has another cy young season.  world domination.
mclane sells the astros before the draft.
espn has good stuff, even if most of it is behind the insider wall.

www.yakyubaka.com for my japanese baseball news.

baseball reference for my stat geek fix.
the mccourts are forced to sell the team...  i can dream, right?
*excellent*
/r/baseball

copycat!
same thing as last year, but without the "no-no" in the play-offs.
amen. i'm with you all the way.
i hope vlad is good. i really hope vlad is good. i expect reynolds to suck. 
yankee fan.
we need to trade for a pitcher and pray andy comes to play mid-season.  then wildcard/1st and anything could happen in the playoffs.  typical year.
[lonestarball](www.lonestarball.com)
realistically, i hope that nishi and casilla can make a decent mi. i'm hoping morneau can continue his tear from last year and that will be enough to put down the daunting lineups that the sox (and tigers) put together.  

a playoff win would be pretty cool too.
best offense in the history of the mlb is not out of the question with a healthy pedey behind crawford, hitting ahead of agon, youk, and ortiz is going to be deadly. the progression of bucholtz and the dominance of jon lester are a good starting step for the rotation. 
i think we actually stand a real chance this year, provided our big guns can stay healthy and our little guns produce regularly. 
nope.
yeah, slip of the finger on my part, thanks! would be cool to get to the alcs or even the series.
is it all twins?  i tried to make a killebrew jersey and they rejected it.  i thought it was just killebrew.
chicken cacciatore.
not in relation to the suicides, but i'm hoping the mariners go .500 :o)


thanks for sharing! great stuff!
i think that's a bit pessimistic, i think the mets are somewhere around a .500 team with average luck.  with more bad breaks they win 75 and with a little luck they win 85.

they won 79 last year with everything collapsing around them (again) and i can't see how the 2011 roster is worse than the 2010 one.
i'd have to be at least a [6] before i forgot about the wildcard.
i like castillo and he played his ass off for us, through a lot of pain.  he was also one of the few mets who played above expectations in 2009  it isn't his fault he was given a bad contract after he was washed up.

of course he shouldn't be a met or even in mlb at this point, probably, but i can't see how you can make it personal... he's all class.

perez on the other hand...
not be dead last in runs scored and obp this year.
cust is the power.  he's bazically a young branyan.  oh, and don’t forget michael pineda in that young nucleus you listed there.

i think smoak will have a fine year (for recent mariner power hitters) and ackley will let figgy go back to the comforts of third and make us all at long last forget about jose lopez.
nope.
not possible.  enjoy your october vacation and thanks for crain.
i'm excited to watch carlos santana and get a look at chisenhall.
i worry about hitting too many home runs.  i do not think that guillen knows how to manage a team with too much power.  i hope that he can handle shuffling konerko, dunn and quentin around.
come on man, realistically, these guys have to stay healthy and not get re-injured. i just worry that pedroia will foul another ball off his foot while trying to take a swing bigger than mark reynolds', or youkilis will hurt his thumb again diving headfirst into second base. ellsbury should have a good year but i don't think he should be leading off. ortiz also has to not stink it up again at the beginning of the year. agon and craw will be great. i think beckett has to come back strong which i honestly think he will. the headache that is dice-k really has to pitch well the first few months or i see them going to one of their many options in wake, aceves, doubront, or even andrew miller. i really want to see lowrie break out this year. and i think salty/vtek will be solid behind the plate and at the plate. i can't wait to see the new team in fenway.
after rebuilding for three years, this winter we said fuck it and started handling snakes and drinking strychnine. 

... prepare yourself.
we would really like to see smoak do well, we traded him very suddenly.  he'll find his bat eventually.
you guys made our offense look silly, and that is saying something.  i do not envy playing you again.
that's exactly what i thought. 
i miss wow already.
wow.  there are some really good prices on there.  is this site legit?
get at least one more win than the o's.
i hope the red sox win 95 games and take the division. 

i hope boston's rotation doesn't have multiple disappointments. they can cope with a lost year from daisuke, an injury to lester, buchholz having a disappointing follow-up season, or beckett or lackey forgetting they're supposed to be good. they might be able to weather a couple of those and are screwed if too many of them happen. 

i hope gonzalez's shoulder is fine and he doesn't struggle to adjust to the al. i hope that they get some production out of rf (drew's hammy concerns me, kalish is still a ?). i hope ellsbury stays healthy all year and steals 60+ bases. i hope pedroia's foot doesn't bother him all year. i hope the c position isn't a black hole both offensively and defensively. 

i hope papelbon has a solid year and people (especially the media) leave him the hell alone. i hope the bullpen additions work out and we don't have a repeat of last year.

in a video game where everyone is healthy and career performance helps boston could win 115 games this year. in real life, where nagging injuries abound on the team and underperformance happens i just want them to make the playoffs. 
"backbackbackbackbackbackbackbackbackback."
i'd be surprised to see mark prior ever throw another pitch at the major league level. if he does he'll never become what he was supposed to, which was a reliable 15+ win starter. i read an interview with him last season when he was playing single a ball, and all he is hoping for at this point is to get some work out of the bullpen.
i'm an orioles fan (if we are talking al) and it really would be nice to compete for fourth place this season.
first ever undefeated season, ws champs :p
i'm expecting a .500 team.  i think we're underrated, but not exceedingly so - if our starters are as good as last year and the bullpen's decent we'll be fine.
our pitching needs to be considerably better.  as long as carp, wainwright, and garcia stay healthy, we'll be mostly okay.  

if pujols doesn't get what he wants for a contract, i'm hoping that he plays as hard as he can to prove his worth as a free agent.  i would also like a more consistent offense from players like rasmus, holliday, etc.

the only way we're gonna make it to the big dance is if we can get 90+ wins this season.  milwaukee will be considerably tougher, cincinatti will remain consistent, and chicago will probably play the spoiler role again.
yeah, one of my *hopes* would be to play a little better smallball this year but if we have to get there by hitting 250 home runs then so be it.
we're gonna outscore minnesota this year just watch.

*wipes kool-aid mustache*
i love that man.
realistically, 2nd place and another wild card berth into the playoffs, where we surprise some people.  ideally, stun the phillies on the way to stunning all of the baseball world a la the sf giants of 2010.
one i just came across this morning http://eephusleague.com
i remember seeing your post in /r/nfl (?) - great interview.
sweet river baines?
i root for you guys against the yankees every year. i wish you luck. hopefully liriano keeps it up and morneau returns to the mvp form he was showing before his concussion.
he's awesome.
that's my goal as well oh and 3rd place finish!  that would send baltimore fans into pandemonium.
and hopefully jesus montero comes in as our everyday catcher to replace posada instead of (*shudder*) russell martin.
if you go by teams (not seasons as above), 44 teams in 41 seasons since 1969 (3 ties for best record, in '03, '06, '07):

won ws, 23%; lost ws 27%, lost cs, 36%; lost ds 14% (rounded).


since the wc in 1995, 19 teams in 16 years:

won ws, 16%; lost ws 16%, lost cs, 37%; lost ds 32% (rounded).
-bart scott
kinda disproves that whole "once you go black, you never go back" thing, in an opposite way.
no cubs yet? i'll represent. i expect to be in contention for the nl central (i hope to win it?). we ended the year well. our starting pitching is always fantastic and we considerably upgraded our bullpen with marshall, wood, and cashner. 

rami should rebound in a big way and d-lee is gone. plus we have a manager who actually cares, looks at the numbers, and isn't too accommodating of veterans or stuck on tradition!!
the #royals twitter feed got in the habit of calling him the stuntcock last season before he was traded.
when it got stolen by barstool? glad you remembered me. i've seen you around a bit too. thanks for the praise!
i don't.
don't lose 100 games. billy butler hits .300 with 20 home runs. luke hochevar wins 14 games w/ sub 4 era. keep moosetacos down past june to avoid super 2 status in the future.



&gt;and make us all at long last forget about jose lopez.

ahhh that sound nice
expectation : finishing 10+ games over .500 and being relevant in the wild card race late into the season.

hopes: seeing coghlan come back from a sophomore slump/injury plagued season.

josh johnson getting some run support to contend for an nl cy young award.

hoping mike stanton and gaby sanchez avoid sophomore slump. 

emilio bonifacio doesn't play a single inning

bullpen and defense improves (which we made a lot of moves in the offseason to help)

go fish!


i'm just hoping to not have the worst offense that any team with a dh has ever had.
i'm hoping cody ross lives up to the expectations he set in the post season.  love that dude
repeat last years run and win the nl central. got hot at the right time and replicate san fran's post season. add number 6 to the trophy shelf.
-michael scott
annie savoy: right, honey, let's get down to it. how was ebby calvin laloosh? 


millie: well, he fucks like he pitches - sorta all over the place. 
&gt;best offense in the history of the mlb

lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol
what's your solution to that? he's under contract for 3 more seasons. regardless of offseason acquisitions that may have happened, he'd still be getting the baseball 1/5 of the time.
who the hell did you want them to acquire? i don't know if you noticed, but cliff lee wasn't coming here. carl pavano? would never have happened. ted lilly is no great shake (especially moving to the al east) and was off the board before anyone expected. it's really easy to say "hurr get more pitchers" but *where*?
ah yes, chad gaudin and jerry hairston jr. lynchpin of the 2009 world series champions. nothing to do with arod turning on cheat codes in the postseason, not at all. good old scrap and grit. guys who know how to play the game right, get their uniform dirty. give 110%, show the heart of a champion.
nope.

edit: well, they will sell you a jersey. it will look good, maybe flawless, maybe not. they're made in china. some of them just run the real jersey making equipment at night, some are pure knockoffs. i have a 2010 germany world cup jersey that is almost perfect except for one detail on the pinstriping.
oh yeah, $100-200 a month. not expensive at all.

very interesting. thanks!
i expect the cubs to compete in the central as well, but i'm not going to get my hopes up too much.  i hope starlin castro doesn't have a sophomore slump, hopefully he will have a breakout year (not that he wasn't impressive last year).  


and we definitely need more run support than last year, for sure.
red sox win 3 world series and the world baseball classic. city of boston renamed youklandia.
in the hope department, i'd love for bedard to come back stronger than ever and get flipped to a contender at the deadline for some prospects. figgins bouncing back to at least his mean would be nice as well. bonus gravy points if any of the young kids (saunders, pineda, ackley, smoak, lueke) take little development time and breakout this season.
excellent input to the conversation.  thank you.
i think that the white sox could be sub .500 if they hit 250 home runs.  it's like guillen falls asleep if he doesn't have something to do.
it's about that time of year where we hope for bedard to come back. it seems like he really likes the franchise and wants to prove that he can contribute to the team, so i'm always rooting for him (i mean, it's not his fault that he was the cornerstone of the worst trade made this century). i think that figgins should do a little better this year - back at third sometime, and getting used to batting behind ichiro. pineda should be fun to watch, even if there is a strict innings cap on what he can do. 
he might be due for a bit of a slump if his babip goes down but he's excellent at contacting the ball so i'm not too worried about him striking out. if he can learn to draw walks frequently he'd have an insane obp. and in 2-3 years when he starts to develop power he'll truly be something special.
http://www.mlbtraderumors.com/

http://blog.thenewstribune.com/mariners

http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/marinersblog/

http://mynorthwest.com/category/mariners_blog/

http://www.lookoutlanding.com/

http://www.ussmariner.com/
the braves (if everyone is healthy) should have one of the better offenses in the nl.
how professional...
i mean, i love the red sox, and hated the yankees long before i ever loved the red sox, but... "best offense in the history of the mlb" is the counting of many pre-hatched chickens.
scout finch.
pecota says the orioles will get 82 wins.
if he doesn't get the offer he wants by wednesday, it feels like it could turn into a similar situation to lebron james' "decision".  i'm a cubs fan, so i wouldn't be all that upset to see him in a different uniform, but all that stupid drama, i could do without.  i guess it's just greedy professional sports players being greedy.
my solution would have been acquiring some decent pitching so if burnett cannot put out a solid outing it wouldnt hurt as much.
i'm pulling for ollie. call me crazy but, he was once an amazing pitcher who is only 32. he caught the injury bug but, i'm rooting for him.

i think luis' downfall will be hitting 8th. he's a #2 guy that won't thrive that far down in the order. the guy hit .300 and was the only bright spot in 2009.

our line-up is pretty formidable if everyone stays healthy. we don't have a huge bopper in the middle but, we have 5 guys in the line-up capable of 25+ home runs. 

reyes and beltran are playing for contracts. beltran may have been hurt for a couple years, it happens. he's still an elite hitter, we saw that at the end of last year. 

if pelf can carry himself the way he did last year before the all-star break, what was it? 10-0? when johan gets back the rotation will be ok. 


if you guys can't get excited during spring training, please jump off a bridge and always remember... let's go mets!
david ortiz hits 120 homers. bats over .400. is named president.
this could be the year the yankees don't reach the post season.  the rays are still very good and the jays and orioles are *much* better.  the only improvements the yankees made to their pitching staff are letting vasquez go and getting soriano.

the red sox are going to run away with the east and there will be a 4-team race for 2nd.  the white sox could easily pull off the wild card.
oh i agree, there are a lot of cards that would have to fall into place for that title to be even remotely considered.  loling at that thought isn't a credible response though.

even still, i'm excited because given what the sox did last year with a team built around pitching and defense and suffering so many injuries to key players, they still were at the top of most offensive categories.  the anticipation of what this team could do at fenway is killing me!
ya i've long since converted to a red sox fan but the expos fire still burns in my heart.
i'm still worried about centerfield and overall the team gelling without wagner, diaz and infante.  i'm very worried about chipper!  if he is injured again, we don't have a quality fill-in left fielder like diaz anymore!

i'm excited about fredi managing and very, very excited about uggla, heyward and freeman.
he is a constant source of entertainment. gotta love a guy who tells it like it is.
i hear you. my best prediction is that the cubs leapfrog the astros and wind up in fourth place. i'm not holding my breath, though.
good point. last season was so dull (and i've never lived in a place where i could get sox games daily), that i didn't think there would be enough excitement to fill the post-super bowl black hole in my life. thankfully, epstein filled it with lots of potential.

pecota says 92 wins, but i'm definitely cheering for the century mark.
30+ homers from pedro alvarez.

neil walker hits .300 and plays reasonable defense at 2nd.  (this is maybe less than realistic, but it's a hope.)

andrew mccutcheon continues to play well and does not get so fed up with losing that he determines to become a free agent at the first possible moment.

jose tabata gets a little more consistent and develops some power.

the minor-leaguers, especially the pitchers, continue to develop (taillon, allie, heredia, morton, rudy owens; tony sanchez).  in a related hope, joe kerrigan stays far, far away from pittsburgh, except when he visits as the brewers' pitching coach.
&gt;a guy can dream, right?

yes, you can!

i'm not worried about the mets, marlins or nats at all.  they will be competing for 3rd.

sure, the phillies rotation looks great, but their bullpen would worry me...a lot...especially down the stretch.

hopefully, it will be a good race to the end with both the braves and phillies in the 90-95 win range.
i disagree with the greed aspect.  if he's worth the money he deserves to go out and get it.  also, lebron took less money to go to miami.
in any other division (except maybe the nl west) i'd say 100 wins could be viable.  but the al east, yikes what a dangerous division.  we'll be good, but we're not good enough to dominate the yankees, and rays.  toronto will be much better this year under farrell (and they've had the sox' number for quite awhile anyway) and the o's will probably improve from last year.  there's so much competition that 92 seems accurate.  

but hey, why not? i'll shoot for 100 wins, too!  go sox.
op said realistic!

baseball games are still 9 innings.  your bullpen looks sketchy to me.
absolutely. he puts it all out there. 

and not one fuck was given on this day by ozzie. 
i think you'll be able to make a respectable improvement to the high .400s.  the o's should be able to snag more wins against the rays and jays due to both teams having less pitching.  and as always, as the yankees, sox, jays, and rays beat up on each other, you can sneak in and steal even more games.  

i always feel bad for the orioles, i hope you have an enjoyable season.
perhaps you're right.  i think, however, that pujols, not unlike lebron james, has the right to request a huge some of money, he is after all, a phenomenal baseball player.  in addition, he has the right to use whatever bargaining leverage (within whatever limits there may be in the league/player cba) he thinks he can to seek that kind of money, and if that means free agency or the threat thereof, so be it.  i think what would turn this into a lebron situation has nothing to do with whether pujols tries to engage in hard bargaining or seeks the most amount of money he thinks he can get, but whether he tries to make it into a media spectacle.  i don't think pujols is trying to make a spectacle, i think he is trying to assert some bargaining leverage.  how pujols conducts himself when he is shopping himself around after the season will determine whether he really is baseball's lebron james.

it may be too early to tell, but if he does end up going elsewhere with the biggest contract, i see that as disrespectful to all the fans that stuck by him for past 10 years.  granted, he doesn't necessarily "owe" the fans anything, but changing teams just to get the biggest contract of all time seems kind of greedy to me.
pshhhh no way, we dont need a bullpen anyways jeez. and did i say first ever undefeated? i meant first ever unscored upon. muahahaha.
i don't think he's turning into lebron james.  lebron wanted the hell out of cleveland with little respect for his fans.  not to say he didn't earn his free agency, but i think we all know he handled it poorly.  pujols wants to stay in st. louis for what they think is too long.  it seems very opposite to me.
actually, i wrote it first.
the guy basically keeps the pressure off his team for most of the year though he will occasionally focus negative press on a player when he thinks they need it.  i don't think he's the best manager, but his annoying style has its benefits.  
you don't have to buy one every month, i'm just saying, $100 is not bad for a really nice quality personalized jersey.
[&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;](http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/fjomz/is_pujols_the_next_lebron/)

edit: nothing against the op


matt kemp has a rebound year and andre ethier will stay healthy. and just for the hell of it, james loney will finally show big numbers
i don't think castillo is going to be anywhere near the 25-man roster of the mets unless 100 guys get hurt before training camp starts.  it seems like brad emaus (rule v pickup from toronto) and daniel murphy platooning there makes the most sense, with justin turner or hu as backups.

ollie's done.  he may be only 32 but he maxes out at about 88 on his fastball.  in the past, he could throw 94-96, so all those walks actually worked in his favor in a way -- hitters were uncomfortable in the box against him and couldn't dig in at the plate, and they never knew where the ball would wind up.  and when he did get it over the plate he could juice it past you even if you knew it was coming.  now, they can just take three of those ridiculous pitches in the dirt and wait for the one lob right down the middle and hit it 400 feet.  and not even worry about being drilled in the back because it wouldn't even hurt.

to your last comment: i agree, i really hate the poor-me-ism that has been part of mets culture for the past 5 years (i call it "mets-ochism").  criticize the mets where it's warranted but dont take big steaming dumps over your own team at any given opportunity, it's pathetic.
touché!
it was a pretty appropriate response to "best offense in mlb history," and i hate the yankees
agreed, can't wait to see a full season of santana.

hope: sizemore stays healthy all year, perez stays as good as he was at the end of last season.
the mets might be tied for the division lead for 1 day if they happen to win their first game... other than that 3rd-4th place is accurate.
it's science!
its actually more helpful than the hyperbole and ball lapping that was the original post.
for you mets fans, a friend of mine co-blogs [surviving the citi](http://www.survivingtheciti.com/). really, really good stuff there.
who? where? what?

**there wasnt any pitching**
retail price is not a deal.
the yankee replica jerseys look like crap though. if you get a player they have the name on the back. it screams *this is a replica jersey*. i imagine for a lot of other teams it doesn't look as bad. i hate yankee jerseys with names.
this. if you can wait they usually have some kind of promotion where you can get 20 percent off if you spend $100 or more. 
the number of years on the contract is actually a bigger deal than the 30 million dollar amount.  

when he's 42, it would be incredible if he was still an above average player.  if he's just a replacement level player, then you're basically overpaying him by $29 million.  in a deal like that, he's really making closer to $50 million in the first year of the contract going down to a couple million for the last year or two.  

on top of that, any health problem or accident would basically cripple the franchise through the end of his contract.  
if i buy something will it look like what is pictured or could it be something completely different? i'm ok with a few bad stiches at this price.
the white sox just signed konerko to a three year deal.  so, i assume they're out.  

the cubs have an opening at first base that they have to fill through free agency or a trade and they have $50 million coming off the books.  the cubs will definitely have to make some kind of bid, if only to bid the price up.  

the other thing to realize is that prince fielder is going on the market next year.  so, the two biggest free agents play the same position which should 
i guess, but i've never seen them for less than $99, except used, and who knows what orifices those jerseys have been in if you buy them from joe asshole on the internet.
seriously? /facepalm

edit: sorry for the frustration, let me elaborate.


- did arod's clutch performance during the postseason help the team to the world series? yea, and matsui's crazy game helped them win it as well.  but the postseason is only a few games.  

- there's a 162 game season beforehand.  

- what happens during 162 games? teams get **tired**.  

- who was there to relieve arod, jeter, damon, and swisher when they needed a break? **jerry hairston jr.** came along and used his crazy versatility to play almost every position! better than ramiro pena's noodlebat.

- who came over to give us some pop off the bench? **eric hinske**.  and when the yanks had problems with their fifth starter, **chad guadin** came over and proved to be useful, not only as a starter to eat up innings, but from the bullpen as well.  

- were there plenty of in-house options that helped as well? **of course**.  where would the team have been with out al aceves?! the guy was such a versatile pitcher, and he was there when you needed him, whether to start, come in the 6th, setup, or go for the 4-inning save.

all i'm saying is, yes, the team does need improvement, but at the time, i don't see any free agents worth the money, or worth a big-time trade at this time (a bit biased, since i've been following this class of prospects since they got drafted).  i believe that cashman will make all the necessary moves during the season to keep the team well rested and playing well.  it's worked so far.
i usually don't like to facilitate the process of anyone buying yankee merchandise, but since the sun is shining for the first time in 8 weeks and i'm in a good mood: you can just get a personalized jersey with a number and not put a name on it.
it should be what is pictured, within the margin of error for "cheap chinese manufacturing"
upvoted for confidence.  crain is a race traitor!!!!! :&lt;  seriously i wish our management had treated him better; it sounded like from interviews the front office kind of dicked him offer-wise.  on the other hand though i'm glad he's going somewhere he'll have a chance to close.  i met him once and he and his wife were super nice so i wish him the best on the southside.

except when the twins are in town, of course.
i would be so.  happy. if the yankees didn't reach the postseason.  i hope boston really does live up to the hype, even though they're kind of our heat.  oh well, whatever it takes to steamroll ny.
i saw this tweet, what was he talking about??? is it some kinda joke i'm missing?
can i ask how come?
same site as http://yukijersey.com it looks like.
apples and oranges.  lebron took *less* money to leave cleveland, went on national tv to say "hey, go eat it" to his hometown, and left their team in shambles in the process.

there is no reason to think any of the above will happen again.
i don't understand what you mean by "stuck by him". stuck by him through his ups and his...slightly less ridiculously phenomenal ups? that seems to imply that he has somehow let down his fans yet they have stayed loyal to him despite his failures.
there's a great mythbusters episode where they get roger clemens in and have him throw a bunch of different types of pitches in front of the highspeed, and they also do wind tunnel tests. pretty awesome.

edit: season 5, episode 14: baseball myths.
i like the guy, and think his antics are hilarious, but i think people would take the chisox more seriously without him.
yeah, i noticed this too. i searched online to determine which logo came first, but i couldn't find any proof either way.
make it to the all-star break before we abandon all hope for the 2011 season and descend into talks about "next year" and all the great potential we have itching to make it to the big leagues.

also, an entire season without rob dibble.
i like mlbtr and all the usuals, but honestly twitter is my main squeeze.  jon heyman, buster olney, a bunch of players and managers, etc etc.  it's especially awesome now that cuddyer, span, valencia, butera and revere are all tweeting regularly.  they're hilarious together
win games and you don't need a buttoned-up manager to be taken seriously.

lose games, and it's nice to have a sideshow.
maybe "stuck by him" was a poor choice of words.  i'm just saying that if he does leave st louis, and that's a big if, his fans would be just as pissed off as lebron's fans were/are when he left cleveland.
or not. 

http://illusioncontest.neuralcorrelate.com/2009/the-break-of-the-curveball/
you may be right.  but if he doesn't get his contract, he will get a ton of national media attention throughout st, during the regular season and especially at the end of the season.  who knows what he's really going to do, but he could try and take advantage of the national spotlight and do something similar to lebron.  i hope he doesn't.  i would hate for baseball to sink to the level of the nba.  in my opinion, it would not be good for baseball.
from wikipedia:  there has been debate on whether a curve ball actually curves or is an optical illusion. in 1949, ralph b. lightfoot, an aeronautical engineer at sikorsky aircraft, used wind tunnel tests to prove that a curve ball does in fact actually curve.[5] on whether a curve ball is caused by an illusion, baseball hall of fame pitcher dizzy dean has been quoted in a number of variations on this basic premise: "stand behind a tree 60 feet away, and i'll whomp you with an optical illusion!"
however, optical illusion caused by the ball's spinning may play an important part in what makes curve balls difficult to hit. the curveball's trajectory is smooth, however the batter perceives a sudden, dramatic change in the ball's direction. when an object that is spinning and moving through space is viewed directly, the overall motion is interpreted correctly by the brain. however, as it enters the peripheral vision, the internal spinning motion distorts how the overall motion is perceived. a curveball's trajectory begins in the center of the batter's vision, but overlaps with peripheral vision as it approaches the plate, which may explain the suddenness of the break perceived by the batter,[6][7][8][9]; a peer-reviewed article on this hypothesis was published in 2010. [10]
as evidenced by the teams that appeared in the 2010 series.
blue jays (a man can dream)!!!
the main difference here is that lebron didn't have a player's union pressuring him to take the highest bid possible. [pujols does.](http://www.reddit.com/r/cardinals/comments/fly83/tlr_speaks_the_truth_says_the_players_union_is/)
i didn't say it was unbiased and objective opinions on these websites. i answered the question: "what are your most frequently visited baseball websites?". these are my most visited. i love biased opinions and reporters that gush about the red sox, because the red sox are my team!

thanks for the downvote though, whoever you are.
noooo! don't remind me of aeordynamics 198 nightmare of a class!
they may have good pitching, but it's all twins pitching. they throw in the high 80's to low 90s and work the outside corner. good, but a pile of blackburns, sloweys and the like just won't cut it. i saw that kid they got, kyle gibson in double a, he's good, but once again, no number one stunna.
if your concern is people taking the team seriously, at least he gets people talking about them.
thank you for being a rival fan base with which we can be civil. i think the sox have the twins beat on paper. then again, the only year i didn't think the sox were going to win the division was 2005. good luck, sir!
i read the entire article and even though i have never studied physics it seems like a pretty easy concept, a curveball curves because of big words and magic.

i wish barry zito would be a great magician again so his contract full of big words didn't seem like such a waste.
i wonder where pujols will be a year from now...it is really starting to look like the answer may not be the cardinals. ugghhh :(
i hate your team, it makes me despise living in the northeast, but that answer was perfect. very mr. burns-ian.
what?!? i love mitch... as an analyst. as a closer, he made the 13-year old me cry. i just watched the best games episode with him and joe carter and had a knot in my stomach the whole show, hoping that somehow the game would end differently. 
sammy sosa appeared in public a couple of years ago with completely lightened skin, like michael jackson.  then recently he was back to his original skin color.

although, i thought i did see recently that he was "white" again so maybe ozzie didn't see that.
same as bobby valentine did with the mets.  although, bobby was a great in-game manager and ozzie... isn't.
yeah... hopefully ozzie will find a way to manufacture runs when the boppers aren't bopping.
we hidin' in yo lockers, snatchin' yo jock straps up
hey my pleasure! chicago's an awesome town and i love watching sox/twins games; hard to hate a team that's usually so entertaining to watch.  

i think position-for-position you guys have a bit of an edge, but the twins are kind of made of x-factors this season; how well is nishi gonna hit?  can thome slug like he did last season? are cuddy and span gonna come back from slumpy seasons?  liriano?!  something about the twins seems to psyche the sox out though, didn't you guys win like two games against us last season? 

ninja edit: sorry i didn't mean to sound like a dick, but there's always that mental factor like the twins deeeeeeefinitely have every time they play the yankees.  
i really like this.  i dig it when faces of the franchise stick around and really dedicate themselves to a team.  plus, griffey was a symbol league-wide, so it's double-cool for him to be so loyal to seattle.

mauer's definitely awesome and i'm super glad he's probably going to be in the twin cities for his whole career, but he's totally white toast.  junior's seriously fun to watch on and off the field.
in the history of the mlb? seriously?
it's crazy the amount of money these players ask for now-a-days. maybe you would get 10 years if you asked for a little less money. i have no idea how this stuff works
the yankees bullpen is solid and i think will be able to fill in the void for the back-end of the rotation the first half of the season. you can bank on it that the yankees will be trading for a pitcher before the middle of june.

i'm worried if someone goes down. starting pitching depth isn't that bad, but we're already working with the #4 starter question. if anyone has to go down for a month or so, who even fills in? i would assume that nova will take the #5 spot. i know it's a tired argument, but it's still a shame they can't put joba in the #4 spot. 

as long as hughes, sabathia, burnett stay healthy, i don't see any reason to be overly concerned. there's alot of expect out of a guy like nova who was pretty decent in his debut last year. if he shows any nominal signs of improvement or consistency, i wouldn't be concerned with him in the rotation at all. that being said, at least we have a few other pitchers that can easily make the same impact. 

i don't see the yankees off to a fast start, but the al east is still a crazy division especially after this offseason involving toronto and baltimore who can shake things up more than normal. 
i meant to go to a sox-twins series last year, but it fell through (good thing; i think the twins took three of four). i really would like to see target field in action. i tell you what, if ever you come to chicago, i'll take you out to a sox game.
i think having a pitching based bench boss will help the jays a lot this year. in terms of hitting, the big bat potential is clearly there... but its the small ball that they need to start playing. i'd love to see some more steals and bunts this season.

in terms of where the jays finish, i hope they push for the wild card, at least within 5 games in september. they played well within the al east last year (mostly due to baltimore) but still, they did well. in the end, if the season ends with forward progress by the pitching staff and an improvement from lind and hill, i'll be happy.
sorry, what is wrong with him?
3rd place al east would be good for me.
i don't think josh johnson needed run support to contend, that guy is a boss. if he didn't get injured, he would have contended for sure.
sleep consultant?
that sounds fantastic!  i've got friends in chicago and try to get there at least a couple times a year.  better watch out, i might take you up on that!
i heard somebody on the local radio say that sammy was in trouble with the law and this was more of a racist comment. 
only in professional sports is it considered disrespectful to change employers when you're offered a better salary elsewhere. any other business it's called "getting paid what you're worth."
oh ozzie.
credit should go to matt sebek of www.joesportsfan.com
the reds need to make the playoffs again and get past the first round this time. the fan in me says at least nlcs, but there's a lot of baseball to be played
thanks. :)
i think he meant how come sammy's black again.
i love mitch...not a bad word to say about the guy. even if you dislike him, there is no better mlb coverage available on your tv (but there are plenty of good online sources). 
i picked up zito last year in the 23rd round or something. wow what a sleeper. he did pretty well in 2010; i think he's coming around.
he's a pretty cool guy but i absolutely love sean casey and harold reynolds. i think most of the guys on mlb network bring something to the table.
as a more home runs than your face consultant! 
this article basically confirms my thoughts on young going to the giant's.  would i rather have him over pablo? hell yes.  is it going to happen?  highly doubtful.  oh well,  we're rolling the dice with the panda and i hope he returns to his former self at the very least.
it helped that he added a couple pitches to add to his terrific curveball.  now hitters can't just lay off the off speed and sit on the fastball.
i'm hoping for a return to the playoffs and i'll be as happy as ever.  if they win a series or 3 in the post season then it'll just be the icing on the cake.  can't wait to see how tejada looks in orange and black and if pandaval can become the man he was for the giants.  
i remember kirby stuck around with the twins organization long after he stopped playing.
i can't believe how many writers are running with the liriano-for-young idea.
if the media wants it, they'll create it. 
i'd like to see another sub .500 season. makews it eaiser for rebuilding of the farm system to continue without teasing fans that we are close to "being champions".
i'd like to see castro live up to his draft status and for carlos lee to return to his old form. i would also like to see new ownership that understands how to build and maintian a successful ball club. that's it for now. that may be to much to ask for. one season.
hey, sammy sosa should be a sommelier.  he's a master of corks.
he should have won roy because he played in at least 40+ more games than buster posey and had almost identical numbers?  that's what in my opinion won it for posey.  

besides the point i wouldn't be surprised to see heyward explode into this season as well as posey coming back to earth a bit.  the braves series in my opinion was much harder fought than the phils or rangers were so i'd be excited to be a braves fan if i were you.  a world series for you next year isn't unreal.
i'd like to see another sub .500 season. makews it eaiser for rebuilding of the farm system to continue without teasing fans that we are close to "being champions".
i'd like to see castro live up to his draft status and for carlos lee to return to his old form. i would also like to see new ownership that understands how to build and maintian a successful ball club. that's it for now. that may be to much to ask for. one season.
please!  let's have some nice 5-2 wins for once where we score 3-4 runs in the first few innings.  last season took a toll on my heart.
while the reds, cards and brewers have a better chance of winning the central, i seriously wouldn't count the cubs out yet. pena and ramirez should have bounce back years and lead the offense to some respectable numbers.
the braves are my favorite to take the nl wild card. but you're right, a lot of it hinges on chipper. they don't need him to be an all-star, but 130 games, 20 hrs and an obp around .370 sure would be nice.
i love the mayor 
[the dugout doctors](http://thedugoutdoctors.com) posts some fun stuff, along with good analysis, it's a nice mix.
diarrhea from eating too much moe's?
if they wanted someone who'll fall asleep on the job, the guy from office space was also available.
it could actually cause problems if he pitches too well.  the white sox have a handful of pitchers who *might* be able to close, but who will get the job out of spring training and how long will he keep it?
from the time i could walk until now.  i play d3 college ball and its one of the best decisions and experiences i've ever had and hope it continues until someone tells me i'm not good enough to play anymore.
lol...
the thing people forget is cuddyer, span, hardy, and to some extent, kubel, all had down years last year. if cuddy and kubel return to 2009 form, and valencia keeps improving (apparently he's huge now), and thome's bat speed doesn't decline, the twins lineup could put up some big numbers. i just hope gardy doesn't get giddy with the small game using nishioka and casilla.
where'd you play?
could start by [bunting less w/ juan pierre. ](http://www.beyondtheboxscore.com/2010/12/28/1900075/laying-it-down-part-1)

of course, between span and hudson, gardy should do the same.
yeah sometimes the bunt calls boggle me. holy shit he has *that* many attempts, wow.
a followup question: where did you get your info from?
whatever happens with the contract doesn't take away the fact that i am scared shitless of him. i have a bad feeling he's gonna dominate this season more than he usually does.
beat me to it, and i am really happy about this.  wedge also wants to bring in edgar, buhner, and wilson to spring training to teach the kids.

i'll miss wak and feel he got a bad rap, but i'm digging the wedge hire more and more as time goes on.
i know i was like wtf are they smoking.  they want prospects for liriano not an over-the-hill infielder.  also the twins rotation is by no means formidable...serviceable maybe without liriano but not formidable.  
apparently he just recently decided to be black again, per sources.
cleveland can't afford him.

him opting out means he'll just want more money, because he really enjoys being a yankee.
jerry manuel &lt; ozzie guillen 
i really like the mlb network's studio show, and i can't say that there's anything about mitch williams that stands out to me as bad.
i would submit one sort of minor difference: lebron was picked first overall. the implication being, if he didn't go to the cavs, the pistons woulda taken him at 2, and if not them, the nuggets at 3 or the raptors at 4 or whoever. i'm sure the pistons would way rather have had him than darko miličić. whoever that is (full disclosure: i'm a casual nba fan at best). what i do know is that the cardinals picked albert in the 13th round, with the 402nd pick overall. huge difference in draft position. i dunno, maybe this thought isn't fully formed, but to me theres a difference between the two for that reason alone. anyone else feel similarly?
as much as i'd like to see michael young as a cub, the author's proposed trade of alfonso soriano for young just made me laugh.
hope: aramis ramirez, carlos pena, and alfonzo soriano all have seasons like they are capable of, carlos zambrano stays sane and a &gt;.500 record.

expectation: all 3 do no better than last year, zambrano goes crazy and we finish in 5th again.
what the fuck is this? wilpon or trump? can we just play russian roulette with 6 bullets instead?
the show. i played 2k10 and loved it for my xbox 360 (the demo at least :) ). the consensus is both are great, however if you've got a ps3 the show is better.

as well, are they out yet?!! i gotta go buy those games.

edit: march 8 release date, will buy as soon as it's available.
because it's clear that the yankees aren't winning this year. it's time to construct 3 and 5 year plans to get a new dynasty going like the old one of the 90's. 
the show, without a doubt. it's infinitely better than 2k. infinitely. and yes, i've played both. i played the show first though, and just hated 2k10 when i played it.
sweet! ken griffey jr. consultant bobble head night is going to be awesome!
the soriano trade makes a lot of sense actually.  they would get to unload payroll and get some production with young at 2b
it makes great sense for the cubs, but i just don't see anyone agreeing to pick up that contract. i know, young's contract also looks like a potential overpay, but it just really seems unlikely that anyone would pick up that expensive of a contract for a slightly older declining outfielder. (but there is always the wells deal, so who knows?)
i would definitely root for the white sox if they didn't intentionally antagonize cubs fans as an organization.  guillen just makes it impossible to really get behind that team, for me.  

i hope the sox start being the premier al team in chicago instead of continuing their current role as the little brother with all the poorly thought out cheap shots in the media.  
the show.
i get both every year.
the show for ps3 and 2k11 for pc.
i really wish the show had the trading card feature of 2k11 though. that's my only real complaint.
why would you want ramirez and young on the same team?  you get the same bad defense and young's offense isn't worth it over a three year contract.  

if you think young or ramirez can play second...
the show. i have played both and although i like the hitting and pitching in the 2k series with the analog sticks, i enjoy the show for it's depth and realism. sometimes when playing the 2k series it can feel like your playing arcade baseball and you just keep hitting home run after home run after home run, batting .500, and pitching no-hitters and perfect games.
thinking that young could play 2nd is ridiculous.  he hasn't played there in years and it doesn't look like he can play average defense at 3rd, right now.  there's no reason to think he could play anything close to average defense there and his bat isn't enough to make up for atrocious defense.  
mlb 11 dude.  no question.
wow, that is dedication.  i barely have time to get through a couple of seasons in the show, let alone 2 games.  its especially bad this year since dragon age ii comes out the same day as the show.  wtf, game developers/publishers?  give me some time here!
i think the show added analog controls this year, at least for hitting.  long overdue.
andrew brackman, manny banuelos, dellin betances.  brackman probably has the biggest chance to come up this year (manban and betances don't have that many innings under their belt yet) but manny has the highest ceiling (front of the rotation stuff). we will most likely see brackman/banuelos next season, as long as they don't get injured/traded away.
right back atcha asshole.
the exact opposite of how i feel about keith hernandez.  childhood idol, mushmouthed announcer.
the show.  100%.  this is the best baseball game on the market.
this scares me.
i just finished 2k11. i stretch it out over the year. 
i don't really care for other sports games so i can play to baseball games.
i think i might be missing the point, but i just cant see how anyone could ever compare the two. albert pujols is one of the most humble and caring human beings in the game. that's why so many people like him. he's not only one of the best players today, but he's also a great person. hes committed to giving back to the community (both in the lou and in the dominican republic), he loves his family, and he is devoutly religious. 

pujols is not turning into the next lebron.
once again, pitch-perfect.
classic controls are still included though so if you don't like them you can just change it back
the whole idea would be to move him to 2nd base.  blake dewitt does absolutely nothing for me at 2nd, hes a bench player at best.
if anyone needs to go from mlb network its dan plesac.  i'm so sick of his mancrush on pablo sandoval and he goes from randomly eccentric to overly serious on the flick of a switch.
in no way could young have passable defense at second.  he was unable to really field there five years ago and he's barely able to field third base at this point.  

he would have to hit like pujols to make up for that defense.
"the kid" was my favorite player growing up. glad to see him stick around in seattle. 
adviser on how to come to camp totally out of shape and embarrass everyone in baseball ?
we can split a twelver in the parking lot.
i'd say that's a bit of an overreaction, and we're also arguing over something that has a slim at best chance at happening.
ozzie is such a strange character...
i don't even have a ps3 but i would say the show just off my experience of 2k baseball games. they are a joke. every single game i'd play with a buddy (on the most difficult settings) would end up like 7-8 (all runs scored via hr) and like 16+ k's per pitcher. maybe it has changed but i love baseball video games and couldn't bring myself to buy that garbage the past few years. makes me long for the days of mvp baseball.
another vote for the show here. but i needed to chime in to make an obligatory recommendation for ootp!
what would you say to letting soriano field 2nd base?  they basically project to similar numbers if you look at uzr.  it's just insane to think he could handle playing 2nd.  
how do i get the baseball team next to my name?   oh yea pick the show
just what baseball needs, donald trump, the guy who single-handedly killed an entire league, the usfl.
honestly, i'd take either one of them over blake dewitt.
the last one had crazy stipulations. you had to film yourself playing the game or something like that. 
his batting tips will be players playing winning run. now will they invite jamie moyer back just to yell "both hands" at anybody going to catch anything?
i watched that too. his hair was awesome...

but i still can't stand his gibbering and head bobbing.
agree. i will resort to watching him on mute.
orel hershiser too.
exactly. i'd also rather have him over freddy at 2b. this is going to look like a huge missed opportunity if pablo can't lay off the dessert cart while on the road this season, or if he continues to be the second coming of jeff francoeur.
the show.  a while back, i bought ps3 just for that game.  the online experience on that game sucks balls, though.  i ended up selling the ps3 and i still wish i had mlb the show.  amazing physics.  2k for xbox sucks and always will, imho.
well i'll be the lone dissenting voice and say 2k11. the control scheme (esp. analog controls, esp for pitching) is way better in 2k11 and they've made significant improvements in fielding, graphics, and presentation this year. 

the mlb today feature and dynamic ratings feature are both great and add a ton of depth to franchise and online modes. 

my player mode is a much superior experience to the show's equivalent (especially with this years changes)
wait, 2k11 is out already?
win more than 70 games.
ozzie knows exactly what he is doing when he goes on stupid rants that cause some attention to be placed upon him.  that's part of what makes him a good manager, imo, he protects his players and does the best that he can to keep his players focused on the actual ballgame.  his son however... is a complete idiot.
stop trolling you know it's the show lol. j/k seriously the show is a great game of baseball. 
tony larussa's secretly a moron, isn't he? i mean, that's the big secret, isn't it?
the show. greatest baseball sim ever. it almost made me sell my 360 to buy it and a ps3
jerry manuel &lt; *
**fatality**
perez just needs to go away forever, but castillo is cursed. bad juju.
2k games are fucking garbage. i'm still angry about the giant waste of money 2k7 was.
though i wonder how many giants logos belong to real fans or just bandwagon jumpers
i'll be shocked if you don't outscore almost everyone in baseball. 

iirc, the twins were like 9th-11th in just about everything, but they were timely. for sure you should be top 5 in scoring, as well as a few other categories.

i love konerko. i love a guy who just puts his bat on the ball. good things happen that way. maybe his hrs go down, but he's gonna be moving runners. i see your hitters and i think about the yankees where almost everyone in the lineup can get the prior person on base home.
no doubt - the twins have 6 solid sp and they play some timely baseball, but their margin for error is a lot lower than the white sox...they can just go out there and *mash*...
depends on how they get used. i'm not sure i like that 4-man rotation in the of. when people were injured it was alright, but now that thome's doing well in the dh, where does kubel find his abs?

i think that the main reason kubel went down is that he didn't get enough hacks.
that's a great offer, because you're gonna need protection ;d
do you think wagner is gonna retire or not?
message the mods. (look to your right)
young for liriano? that is the dumbest thing i have ever heard. 
in basic terms, the ball curves because low pressure is created on one side, and high pressure is created on the other side.  and yes, zito was a disappointment. 
adam fucking dunn is my favorite player in the majors, for that reason. no ballpark can hold him. i'm so conflicted now.
excuse me i mispoke.
i just finished 2k10
apologies.
wait... i'm supposed to be classy about red sox fans?
ml ranks

* avg: 3rd
* obp: 2nd
* slg: 7th
* ops: 5th
* woba: 5th
* run scored: 6th

imo they should let sale close. i just don't see him being an effective starter with what are effectively only two pitches, no matter how hard he throws. i also worry about the kid's elbow with that delivery.
cuddy belongs on the bench versus righthanded starters and should replace kubel when the opposition throws a loogy at him (and vice versa). gardenhire will not bench cuddy, of course, so best case scenario the twins deal kubel during the season for cheap prospects or a bullpen arm. then again, that's not a ton of redundancy so if the twins can stay on top of the division till sept. then let him go after the season and get a type b comp pick.
we also received what looks like 238 new members over the last week. excellent! please everyone try and follow the rules:

* be civil

* do not downvote someone just because of their team logo

but i agree, i love this vs. the most hated tsn.ca "your call" or comments section, it horribly sucks and the people there are the scum of the earth.
playoffs. sneaking into the wildcard with a late run that puts us too far ahead of the white sox or rays to catch with the yankees having fallen out of contention early and trading away players for prospects at the deadline.

or... visualizing how we're going to win:

* "the entire red sox lineup has seemed to suffer a congenital heart defect, moments before stepping on the field"
i'm really not particularly worried about the offense. i think you're right that rolen will drop off (he's getting pretty old), but i don't think phillips should drop quite as much. i think stubbs and bruce will be much closer to putting it together for a whole season. 
 the thing that will determine what we do this season is the rotation. if cueto stays on the same trajectory and volquez stays healthy we should be in the hunt. if leak, wood, and bailey do anything near what they are capable of we could go a long way.
what is the situation with sale? i heard the sox would like to move him into the rotation. guy's a stud.
well i'd rather have him offensively over freddy, but freddy plays some of the top defense in the league so you can't overlook the either.
[bluebirdbanter](http://bluebirdbanter.com)
i used to feel like this too, but either he's gotten better over the last couple years or i've gotten used to him.  i think it's the former but the latter is a definite possibility.  i'd say the same thing about plesac.

of course, the best former ballplayer they have is the mayor.
nationals, 50 years, $7billion dollars
i couldn't help but join this subreddit.  as soon as the superbowl ended, i got baseball fever
i get a lot of shit from people for rooting for the giants.
gotta show some love for y! sports mlb blog, big league stew: http://www.bigleaguestew.com
welcome. it's great to have more people who love the game and love to talk about the game all in one place.
it's indeed really rare. although the subreddit is growing, let's do our best to make sure it remains friendly to everyone.
ditto man. this is easily favorite subreddit.
mitch williams is awesome, in my opinion. when you say slurred, do you mean his accent?
anyone preorder and hoping to get the limited edition ps3 baseball controller?
ditto, although i've been counting down the days till spring training since the world series ended. 
you're not the only one, hence my confusion.
this place is pretty good but the espn and mlb forums aren't exactly places i'd go for quality baseball talk anyways. 
toronto home team, i want to say phillies so bad because of doc halladay, but instead i'm going to say florida. i love the underdogs and they have a great team there with great players. it's unfortunate the ownership cannot sink more money into that team, when they do...this team wins world series titles.
toronto home team, i want to say phillies so bad because of doc halladay, but instead i'm going to say florida. i love the underdogs and they have a great team there with great players. it's unfortunate the ownership cannot sink more money into that team, when they do...this team wins world series titles.
i just don't think freddy will stay healthy over a full season. it would be great if he does though. i have a bad feeling that the giants will be looking for a middle infield starter to replace an injured sanchez or tejada at some point this season. 
haha all of us have at least a little hate in reserve for the yanks or sox, but i think we can all agree they are spectacular teams with great histories... wish the g men had that many rings...
i've bought the show the past 2 years.  best baseball game hands down.  i tried the 2k series, falls way short compared to the show.  it's too much fun to play a buddy sitting next to you in the show.  nothing like hitting a walk-off in extra innings and just grinning to your buddy as he throws his controller :p  can't wait for 11
this is shaping up to be the most incredible day possible :d  i'm going to have to wrack my brain for increasingly-awesome/outlandish endeavors for us to pursue
i respect the team, but am i allowed to hate the fans? (im looking at you philadelphia) 
based on the stuff jesse was throwing during the latter half of '10, he could definitely get the job.  he's not gonna go zumaya status and melt faces, but i think at one point he'd pitched 20 scoreless innings?  something like that.  anyway, i hope he gets it since he's really a class act and that's the kinda pitching he wants to do.  
i haven't really enjoyed the 2k games, but i am mad addicted to the show.  i pretty much just play these games so i can make a character that bats .450 for a season with 60 hrs; there's a lot to be said for imagining yourself as a baseball legend.  i know 2k10 added that feature, but i haven't played it so i dunno how worthwhile it is.  all i know is 2k9 and before were hot messes, and mauer is on the cover the show :3
i'm entirely indifferent to this, and it's all because of how griffey handled his departure last year. if he had done the mature thing and either a) at least given a farewell press conference or b) sucked it up and just closed out the season i'd be really happy about this (b was a bad option for the team but it was still better than a cell phone call from a gas station in montana). 

now it's just kinda meh for me. 
pirates for me.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

i live in la and really want to like the dodgers but the whole mccort saga started right as i moved here so they've been hard to get into :(  i've got a lot of love for the giants; those crazy san francisco liberals clinching the classic in arlington with w watching is one of my favorite moments in baseball.

also, i like the mets since johan is still a hero of mine and i love rooting for them over the jerks on the other end of a subway series.
now now, we just got finished saying "be civil"...
i've always been a lurker.
i think i won't have an issue taking about though
o's!
i'm thankful for the history of the ny teams flowing into the west coast rivalry that is giants vs dodgers.  if it weren't for the teams i am most jealous of these days i wouldn't be able to enjoy the baseball i do today.  so here's to you yankee's and red sox... you fucking amazing assholes.
brian wilson immediately after releasing this has bought over 50 cookie jars full of baseballs so any robbers will be baffled.  in my mind this fits the brian wilson mindset.
the show is the way to go... psn tfnj
if not the giant's i root for the a's because the first few baseball games i ever went to as a young child were oakland a's games.  if my parents were sports fans at all i'm sure i'd be tied to one or the other but i grew up a giant's fan based on the television.  

for me it's hard to like an al team because i prefer the nl style much more as having a pitcher bat and all that.  adds a whole new level of strategy to baseball that makes the games more exciting.  if the a's are horrible i usually vote for the nl team to take it all or i'll root for a team with former giants and a's stars on it.  other than the a's if the mariners were doing well i'd root for them since i lived in seattle for a few years and my dads side of the family was raised there.  that and ichiro is the greatest leadoff player of all time and griffey was a fucking boss in seattle.
giants (i know norcal vs socal but i've lived for a long time in both states)
they started it!
what are you talking about? those places rule for great baseball conversations!

[article about some minor leaguer taking steroids]
"yeah just like aroid cheater down with barry bonds fuck the yankees!"

oh yea, i guess i see your point...
the nationals all the way! (but only because i've been to their park a shitload of times and about half the times the games went into extra innings)

i saw willie harris hit a walkoff homerun one time!
i have two baseball hats. one is a rockies hat and one is a red sox hat. 

but i feel like every nl fan's favorite al team is either bos or nyy so i'll say my second favorite al team is a tossup between the twins (because kirby puckett was, and is, the man) or the orioles, because i idolized cal ripken growing up. 


following this guy on twitter - very entertaining.

@brianwilson38
at 3, this would be soul crushing. i may never get over dave winfield leaving the yankees. i wanted to play with him in the majors 'cause he's my team.

i wish the mother had at least feigned some sincerity instead  of mocking him. i'll do my crying in the shower.
maybe she should hold off until he is actually traded...
the guy hasn't been really good since 2003, and still finished with a below average era in 2010. he's 33. this is unlikely. 
i'm partial to the san diego padres because i'm a huge chargers fan who listens to the 619 sports news station.  so i get padres news from time to time.
the show is better in every way to the 2k version.  every way.
i watch a ton of dodgers games, but i don't root for 'em - i just love falling asleep to vin.

if i root for an nl team its usually the ones with a lot of young talent, like the nats or reds.
the definition of civil excludes philly and it's surroundings. that's a fact of life. :p
&gt; you fucking amazing assholes.

hey! i resemble that.
99.9% sure that he will retire.
i love paulie too. so steelers and mets huh? gotta balance the good with the bad? ^_^
:) [7]
nats.  went to college around dc, spent the year afterwards bartending there during the nats first season in dc when they were on top of the nl east for a little bit.  for a short time, dc was like cleveland in major league:  *everybody* was talking about them.  i've had a soft spot for them ever since.
why don't they just split cali into two states?  the dakotas could surely be combined, right?
the red sox. let the downvotes commence!

edit: two things. the great stadium (i grew up going to wrigley), and the greek god of walks. i wish more players were like youk. i've liked him since i first saw him in the minors. he plays baseball right.
actual data. baseball reference, particularly.
this is retarded. what if her husband told her he was leaving her for his secretary just because some hot young thing applied for the job.


edit: downvotes?? are you kidding me? c'mon, that was funny!
same feelings for me when rafael palmiero got traded from the cubs. i was about 7, and was totally devastated. 
as a braves fan since birth, i am required to hate the twins.  that being said, puckett was the man and the team they have now is very impressive.
there are only two seasons per year: the baseball season, and the void.
i was an adult and felt that way when he was pretty much fingered for doing roids :(
in the history of all space and time! hubris is a meaningless concept now, for we are as gods!!!

(laughs maniacally as lightning strikes the pesky pole.)
someone get this man a medal!
after the patriots were knocked out of the playoffs i tried to become a hockey fan for the month or so between football and baseball. it was harder than i thought, i need my baseball!
don't make me vomit on you
yeah, i'm not saying he's going to be a candidate for a cy or anything but i think he's getting the maturity to start locating a bit more. i could be completely wrong and just got lucky last year -- either way, in a small part he helped me win the league. he was a crapload better than kawakami, holy shit that was a bad pickup.
i'd prefer a [pizza](http://www.toxicjunction.com/get.asp?i=v2431)
same here. different team, but same here.

my hawks *and* hurricanes are struggling.. thank god for baseball.
slap_bet should be here any moment now..
my wife long ago brought me into the red sox nation.
kirby puckett is dead :( 

so unfortunately he _was_ the man.
atlanta braves. growing up greg maddux was my favorite player. also you gotta love watching glavine, smoltz, avery and fred mcgriff. i saw them play against the red sox the first year of inter-league play and it's something i'll never forget.
i bought a ps3 just so i could play the show. it was worth every penny. 

also, if you buy mlb 11 you get [mlb.tv free for 30 days](http://www.joystiq.com/2010/12/17/mlb-11-includes-free-mlb-tv-trial-new-baseball-dualshock-reveal/).
hahaha that clip never gets old
the worst part is that the slice of pizza probably cost like 8 bucks and theres at least 12 bucks of spilled beer too. 
ha! i'm a rockies fan whose second favorite is the mariners!
cards fan, but if i were to root for an al team, it's probably the white sox (proximity to home) or the twins (former connection to local minor league team)
i agree. spilled beer is always a tragedy, the pizza just adds insult to injury. beers are $7.50 at fenway, last i checked.

i love the in depth anaylysis from jerry remy and don orsillo. "now here comes the pizza! _see it?!_"
i've done the mlb and cbssportsline forums for years and it's quite sad how negative they can be.  i'm pumped that /r/baseball exists.  if i know my reddit (digg-refuge and redditor for 5 months) this will be far more civil.


and i root for the a's in any game not involving the giants.

edit:

i mean, taco/taquito tuesdays, dollar wednesdays, hudson/mulder/zito, meanwhile bonds mashes across the bay -- those were good years to be a high school student in the area.
vin skully - dodgers.
padres

*sigh*
cubs. maybe i should hate them, since i lived on the south side of chicago. but nuts to that.

i do hate the crushing contracts they owe a few guys, though.
&gt;it's unfortunate the ownership ~~cannot~~ chooses not to sink more money into that team, then fudges the books so it looks like they're operating at a loss while turning a profit

ftfy.
&gt;but i feel like every nl fan's favorite al team is either bos or nyy

really?  i didn't see one nl fan in this comment thread pick the yankees.
upvote.  i've kinda been forced to root for the red sox as the best obstacle for the yankees, but since 2004 or so, they've been a really fun and likable team so it's been much less of a chore.  also the rays.
favorite team: probably the rays.  team i most frequently root for over the past 15 years or so: the red sox, with the rays gaining ground since they got good.  although i wish they'd bring the "devil" and the awesome/ugly uniforms back.
seconded! only other baseball teams who's hat i own.
some parents need to put down the video camera.
yeah, i was just wondering how easily this stuff was available. i like br, but the having to pay for it is a deal breaker. pfr is free, why not br??
&gt;also, i like the mets since johan is still a hero of mine and i love rooting for them over the jerks on the other end of a subway series.

upboat.  i've rooted for the twins against the jerks on the other end three times in the playoffs now but it hasn't done much good.  i'll sit on a different part of the couch next time.  i'd try the 1991 jack morris spot, but that couch is gone now.
i don't know about sale.  it seems like he belongs in the eighth inning right now.
i think the al has a lot more strategy than the nl by not having a dh.  the nl strategy, with the pitcher hitting, most of the time is automatic.  he's bunting.

sometimes you get a bunch of substitutions late in games, but most of those aren't very strategic either.  they're by necessity, and they fuck up the lineup beyond all repair.

there's a few cases where not having a dh adds some strategy, but usually it's the other way around.
welp if you're using espn.com or mlb.com as your standard, you've set a *really* low bar.
i root for the phillies..kinda..  had season tickets 96-98.
we ahh the classiest franchise in professional sparts! no one denies this! yankees sack! yankees sack!

*(packs enormous wad of dip)*
yes.  as mainly a lurker i whole heartily agree.  as a sox fan who lives in philly territory and now consider myself a fan of the phils as my 'b' team, i'll be quiet. it's going to be a fun season.
i'm a reds fan, and apparently the only person with the tigers as my al team so far. poor tigers.
it's true. ask the fresh prince. 
i've been watching the sixers. *the sixers*. sad state of affairs in the slap_bet household.
yeah, red sox based on stadium alone.

youkilis doesn't hurt, though!  that dude embodies the baseball spirit like few others.
here i am. c'mon guys. i went to a nats game and got bullied, too. it happens everywhere. [seriously](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztpqierucke).
*really*? seriously? 
damn, i miss that rotation!

i want to go to cooperstown when maddux and glavine are inducted together in a couple of years.  i've never been, but i want to be there when they go in!
viva los tigres!!
giants
hopefully he would stick his iphone in her face as he told her the news!
jesus, dude.
i'll root for the mets if they aren't playing the yanks in a subway series, generally.. even though the anguish they put their fans through is something of a yearly delight for me as revenge for all of the indiscriminate "lol yankees suck, evil empire lololol" trolling mets fans do in my neck of the woods.
yo homes, smell ya later!
sorianoooooooo
it's been a rough couple of days.
ditto for espn and sportingnews. don't even get me started on the mlb article commentary either.
i fear for you if both teams enter the post season.
the missing hypothetical team:  the braves.

as much as it pains me to say this, chipper jones is not long for 2011.  his upside is around 125 games and his likelihood of a career-ending injury is very high at age 39.

if jones is forced to retire because of injury, the braves have prado, who can fill in at 3rd.  we saw how bad of a third baseman brooks conrad is, so the pool of players to pencil in left field is **very** shallow.  eric hinske, jordan schafer and joe mather as everyday left fielders?  pain.  ankiel, diaz and infante are gone.  

in this scenario atlanta will have to go get someone, and why not get young, when jones' $14m contract is gone?  the braves have the system to trade prospects for young and the rangers would dump a bunch of salary.
the 'stro's i guess....
cubs as well.  mariners are my team, but going to school in chicago, i felt like picking a side, and i couldn't pick another al team.
the show is typically much, much better. 

however, this year..  as a few folks have pointed out, 2k is improving in a number of ways this year, and the show is doing 2k's "analogue stick control" feature for all phases of the game. can the show outdo 2k at its own game? probably, but we don't know yet. wait for reviews.
friend! 
you bastard phillies fan....

i kid, i kid.  your season is looking a whole lot better than ours.
http://www.bizofbaseball.com/
you should be excited about them bruins.
citifield has $7.50 beers (at least that was the 2010 price), but there's a pretty good selection of beers to chose from (at least at the beer stand in the food court area).  what makes me scratch my head is that a budweiser or coors light costs the same $7.50 as a hogarten or magic hat.   i cannot fathom why someone would get the piss water when they can get a quality beer for the same price.
the world series. nothing less.
cleveland indians. i know i know. not even the people in cleveland support that team. i loved watching them back when they had manny and thome. they were the rays of the early 90s. they moved their spring training facility within walking distance of my house. that was a happy day!

chooooooooooooooooooo
i love catching the dodgers games and vin after all the east coast games are wrapped up.
i'll cross the bridge come october.  almost had to deal with this in 2008.  my neighbor, who also grew up a sox fan, has the same dilemma.  but as our kids grow up to be phils phans exclusively, it gets a little more interesting.  it was so easy to separate the two when the phils were not so good.  now, not so much.
espn message boards are the last bastion of civil discourse in this society, you take that back.
i'm gonna have to mail you a care package.
she probably told him he's going to have a baby brother when she was 2 days late. 
everywhere?  i've been to games in st. louis, tampa bay, baltimore, houston, arlington, and montreal with limited problems.  by everywhere did you mean places with douchebags that use the guise of being a "hardcore sports fan" to make their douchebaggery slightly more acceptable?
you should totally do this.
jumping high five!
yankees fan.  favorite nl team is the nats.

go nats.  they need my fandom a lot more than the yanks do.
holy shit, this is the first time i've seen this.  that's fricken nuts.
same at fenway. it's $7.50 for a bud/bud light, but if you walk behind the left field grandstands they have sam adams and other craft beers for only $8.00. i always take the extra 5 min walk and the $.50 around the stadium for the better beer. it's so worth it.
the giants have a better history than the red sox, imo. boston has 1 more world series (7 to 6), but the giants have a rich and proud history. 
did crash davis and nuke laloosh come out of the van too?
i truly hope that everyone on r/baseball is privy to [baseball think factory](http://www.baseballthinkfactory.org/). imo, the best source for baseball news and very intelligent and respectful forums.
the one sixers game i went to this year, they actually won. and the stands were like 3/4 full!
i feel so insignificant...
&gt; had season tickets 96-98.

i'm sorry to hear that =(
i don't know what to tell you, but i reckon if you go to any stadium in any city, you could probably find someone who wants to start a fight. i went to a phillies nationals game this summer, and on my way out, i got shoved around by several people simply for wearing a phillies hat (honestly, i didn't provoke them in the slightest, since there were about 5 of them and 1 of me). i just got the fuck out of there. i'm not saying philly is perfect, but it is statistically within the norm, and really, upvoting a guy who's ripping on our fans, i just can't let that go. at least we show up to our games.
is he saying "you will soar" or "you will suck?"

regardless, that was awful...  here's how i imagine the dialogue went between him and his producer:

    p: hey, we want you to write a song about baseball
    s: ok, sounds good. i know nothing of baseball
    p: here is a list of baseball terms you might want to include
    s: what's a double play?
    p: just sing it

at least it wasn't a duet with chad kroeger... i'm sorry marlins fans :(
definitely not the cubs

dodgers and phillies have been favs for me.
a dvd of the 1980 eagles season??? how did you know?!
i love to get a feeling of accomplishment from the fact that 3 of our 4 sports *average* a sellout, but the sixers actually have the poorest attendance of any nba team. [sadly](http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance/_/sort/homepct). 
well of course. i did tell you vermeil's my uncle, right?
same at cbp. hmm.. i can have a 7.25 coors brought to me or, a 7.50 sam adams/yeungling/other craft beer over in ashburn alley. 
i always thought when you were telling me about uncle dick, you just had problems at home.
no that's my *mom's* side.
how similar is he to greg kinnear irl?

fun side story: a kid i went to college with had a cameo in that movie, where he showed up to the tryout, and fucked up a catch, in his giant white guy afro. every time i see how now i think, "man, if only he'd had better hands".
hahaha. that was a good flick. will it stand the test of time a la *varsity blues* we shall see, but still a good football flick.

i miss that 5-year glut of football films.
lately it's been the toronto blue jays.  it's partially because i pegged brandon morrow as a fantasy sleeper last year and that really paid dividends.  the kid is fun to watch and root for.
yeah, it was a pretty good one. the kid was mildly successful at the acting thing. you know, "non-speaking role in a disney film, and wii commercial" successful. not "guest shot on law and order svu" successful. i directed him in a few plays in college.
the funny part is that there's a very real possibility jamie moyer will be playing for us next year
the tigers
yankees (born in the bronx)...but i also am rather fond of the rays.
that's kind of surprising, because they aren't actually doing *that* bad. i think if the season ended now they'd be in the playoffs.

i guess you have to be outstanding to get any recognition when you play in a city not named new york that's fielding 3 other championship-caliber teams.
the class tramp went to nyc to strike it big after high school (from nc) and every time i open up facebook (rarely now) i see a million pictures of her latest role as 'half naked hooker corpse on 4th st' or 'street-walker murder witness' from svu or l&amp;o.

so you're a drama geek. it all makes sense now.
just moved to st louis, so by default, the cardinals.
i said this elsewhere: philly has had all 4 teams go to the championship and lose in the past 10 years. no other city (to my knowledge) can boast that, and really, why would they want to? i'll probably get to a sixers game this season. i've never been, and it's hard since i live out of town, but it's cheap and sounds fun.
i'm really not. most of the other productions going on were like "oh lets explore the space, and talk about an issue" but i was more like "let's do a neil simon comedy", so i did the odd couple instead of some piece of crap. yeah, i went to college with [this girl](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2506399/). as you can see her acting career is booming. she's in optometry school now.
being from the boston area, its kind of required that we be braves fans because of the boston braves. 
the braves because of bobby and chipper, when chip is gone i think i'll still root for them becaue of their young core. but since the only team i have around me is the d-backs if they're not playing those teams i'll usually root for them.
pao... ahh, i love phillipinas. 

i married a stage actress.. not highly advisable for your sanity.
tough one, but i have to say cinci. i don't mind the phils either due to the halladay connection.  

also for you cinci fans:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruvppzpiiec

growing up in western kansas before the days of the rockies, i had a lot of pressure to be a royals fan. even though my heart will always be with my cubbies, the royals are definitely my al favorite.
i don't want sale closing.  he's too valuable as a future rotation member to get stuck in the ninth.
i'm a twins fan.

my nl favorite team is whoever is playing the brewers.
well, now the cardinals can bid for him in free agency along with every other team and prove they were right about the contract value...or not
sox win the world series, super bowl, stanley cup and mls cup.  lose the nba finals to the bulls.  in seven.
wait. *you're married*? *beats the shit out of you with a motorcycle helmet*. everyone loves a good sideways reference. anyway, shes chinese, i'm pretty sure.
woo hoo, euphoria of the rangers appearance in the series has not faded.  i know that i should move along to this season, but i will leave that hopefully to the players!

as a fan of theirs, cognitive of them really in the mid 80's, all the hardship and anguish of being a ranger fan is really indescribable.  well maybe there are some other teams that have suffered, for a longer period of time, but this was the first time the rangers had actually won a playoff series, much less a pennant.

so, i do hope they repeat to win the west, and advance to the series to win.  is it realistic, well i don't know.  need our pitchers to perform again, and i am betting there will be a mid season deal for a top line pitcher.  and here's to hoping the young situation does not go nuclear!  no predictions, just a little nonsense from yours truly i guess...

strangers no more...
they will trot him out at local events to drum up ticket/merch sales. good for him i guess.
hopes (stretching realism): a giants repeat. brandon belt proves that he is the real deal with a posey-esque run, and timmy returns to cy young-winner form. also, a little run support for matt cain. oh, and pablo returning to being anywhere near a .330 hitter. finally, a couple of blowout wins here and there would be nice.

expectations: plenty of frustrating one-run losses, and a tight nl west race, largely between the giants and rockies. no run support for matt cain.

ninja edit: one more hope: jeff suppan never, ever, ever, *ever* has to pitch in a giants uniform. unless it is a san jose giants uniform. that would be acceptable.
[who is actually "small market"?](http://www.andrewclem.com/baseball/baseball_cities.html)  most of those teams would have you believe otherwise.  miami's near the absolute middle.
actually, i don't want that... now :p
what a sad little man.
for me its a toss up between the giants and dodgers (i know, crazy right?)  i was a huge dodgers fan when i was young but now that i live in san francisco its hard not to love the cast of characters that play here.  plus giants fans have the best chant in baseball....."heeeeeeeeey, we want some pooooseeey!"
i'm a yankees fan who roots for the reds. 
youkilis is the man. pedroia, too.
that's what i'm figuring. rumor has it he was looking for 10 years @ 30 mil/season. as a cards fan, i don't want to see us lock him up for that long at that price. give him 6 or 7 years at 30 mil, re-negotiate after that, based on performance. i can't imaging paying anyone 30 mil per season going into their 40's, even albert.
he's going to look great in pinstripes next year
great link.
and if pujols skips out of st. louis the cards will be snagging a draft pick.


let's not forget that mike hampton helped us get david wright.
a couple of things...

i get the feeling prado will still get his chances to play at 3rd. i can't imagine chipper will play a ton of games this year. still, i like him even more now, knowing what a trooper he is. i just hope this doesn't hamper his development at the plate. he's on the cusp of something here.

with uggla, you have to wonder how that's gonna go with just the two of them together before everyone else arrives. "so...second base."

"yup."

"lotta money."

"yup."

"i used to play 2b."

"uh-huh..."

finally on infante, that's kind of a "wow" to me. if they had chemistry, this all seems a bit strange. i'm not one to bash on uggla, but he really cashed in after temporarily doing 20 points better with his ba. if it ain't broke, don't fix it...

look, i'm not making prado and infante out to be better than they are or even budding superstars, but they both are versatile players who seemed to work well together and don't hurt your team at all. surely they could have acquired a more pressing need than 2b, something they were stacked at.
i'm so sorry. :p

but really, it's rough to root for a team (or two) that consistently does poorly. i feel your pain.
oh man i feel pretty bad for the cards.
"i'm so not a racist. remember when i asked that black guy if he'd seen "sideways'?' 

yeah 2 years ago. will be ready to move onto my second wife here soon.
clearly he isn't a rangers fan, he's a michael young fan.

son, follow your favourite player wherever he goes. mom's freudian slip was right about a "new team"...when he threw off that rangers cap, it was telling.
so you're saying he was perverted and a cheater?

that's the worst kind of cheater imaginable!!!
i think getting bogged down in the "small market" argument is pointless to begin with.  payroll isn't determined by how big or small the market is, and payroll isn't directly correlated to winning, unless you spend way over the average, or way under.

spending wisely correlates to winning a lot more than spending a lot.
i really like the rays, but i sound like a bandwagon-jumper for that. really, they were my favorite al team while they were the devil rays, because i loved the name and their ugly logo/uniforms. i've been really happy to see them actually moving up in the world, even though they are in such a tough division. looking forward to their new crop of young'uns in the future.

i also have really liked the rangers for quite a while. i guess i like my al teams to be smaller market teams that rely on stuff besides huge payrolls to have a chance (since that isn't exactly what my cubs do...) but it's mainly an underdog type of thing. both the rangers and rays have a lovable loser shtick going on, so all the teams that i like can never win a world series. hooray sucking!
ah ha!  you're the reason we keep getting beat in the first round of the playoffs!  hopefully you sit yourself in the magic spot this time.  i decorate my living room and dual-wield homer hankies but we still always lose :(
teixeira is going where?
you've got to look at it differently since it's a guaranteed contract. see, you're making the reasonable math argument, but these players, teams and agents don't use language and logic that make sense with us.

what he wants is $300m, period. if you get 10 years out of him, it's $30m/yr, but if you only get 5 good years out of him, he's getting $60m/yr by your math, but it amortized over 10 years.

this is no different than things like kevin brown getting paid deferred money. they're just saying it's deferred money.

in a strange way you're right. 6 or 7 years is it, but it's still going to cost you $300m. you guys (and a lot of other fans) have to come to terms with that reality for players over 30 who are signing their last contract. the remainder value they don't live up to is just money they pay after the guy is gone, but at least it's at a discount.

if he goes 7 years with your team and has $90m and does the final 3 with the padres or something for $5m, then it's $75m, so it was 10-$275m or something.
a-ha...i had forgotten about that!
as a lifelong cardinals fan, i am confident that there isn't a better place in baseball for albert than stl. with all due respect to the yankees or angels or red sox or anyone else who might make him some ungodly offer, i don't see albert uprooting what he has in stl. i don't see it because he would go from being the epicenter of the cardinals universe to something less than that with any other team. i think a-rod devalued himself and his legacy by skipping around for more money. i don't think albert makes that mistake in terms of his legacy.

he created what he is and what he has in stl and i suspect he won't walk away from that at any price. also, if he gets hurt or has a "down" year (if there's such a thing with him), then it changes his perceived value in the market. the cardinals will make him a good offer and the onus will be on albert to solidify his legacy. he has no enemies in stl and he has a contender built around him right now. he has all the dedication of a solid organization without all the drama of ny or boston or la. i think he gets the deal of a lifetime from stl and this ends well for us.
milwaukee brewers. my dad is from wisconsin and now that we're not in the same league and division anymore, i can safely cheer them on. plus i live in des moines and there are way too many cubs bandwagon fans here.
yours or ours?

just kidding, we'll be bankrupt.

luckily, i'm also an angels fan.
i think prado will handle lf fine, and if i had to guess, he'll only be there for one season. i see chipper retiring at the end of the year, paving the way for prado to be the 3b of the future.

then, with the freed up money from chipper, they can target a new lf option.
what's a sparts?
but that means i'll have to play a 2k game :(
the nfl implications are fascinating.
yeah, but zombie kirby puckett can still *mash*...
you're just an aspiring snowbird.
i don't really like the nba but the game was still pretty awesome, especially since it was close.
i went to 2 phillies nats game last summer. i got harassed in the parking lot buy about 25 drunk 20something phillies fans at the first one and again on the metro both going to the game and going home the second time. im not saying there arent asshole nats fans, but im willing to say that there are more asshole phillies fans per capita than nats fans. 

...also, anecdotal evidence is anecdotal....

*edit: now that i re-read this it doesnt sound very nice, it was not meant to be an attack on you at all. fans from philly are passionate, which i respect, but sometimes passion boils over into rioting in the streets. 
i grew up smack dab in the middle of the angels and padres territory and saw their games equally - it pains me that i had to pay the same amount of money for a ticket to watch the pitcher hit.

in the al, you have an extra player who is usually pretty good as a hitter and still get to the awesome pitcher. best of both worlds.
well, i have rooted against the yankees in every other playoff series the last 10 years, too, and they managed to eventually [flop on their ass 8 out of 9 times](http://i.imgur.com/xdnfw.jpg).  so i've systematically eliminated myself as the cause of the problem.

edit: also, unless chicken cacciatore sabathia can pitch 3 out of every 5 games, i'd say the twins are a lot more likely to get to that alds than the other end jerks are.
i just want to know how someone from california knows who jarvis cocker is. 91x never played pulp, kroq played them ever so sparsely and live 105 never touched them.
the dh roulette?
yeah i totally agree with all that. to me, this is the year bailey needs to put it together. last year he improved his numbers a little bit over the year before, but this year he really needs to settle in for a full season. there are a bunch of guys out there his age or younger who are or could be aces. i'm glad dusty is being patient and i'm trying to do the same.
the _monster mash_ amirite?
agreed.  i don't know why so many people are jazzed about taking a time-out from the action to watch a pitcher flail at the ball three times per game.  it's like if the nba stopped the action halfway through each quarter to let a fan shoot free throws for charity.

they can't do it.  they were drafted for a totally separate skill.  let's move on.
the caller was clearly an uninformed idiot, but make no mistake about it, mike francesa is a blowhard and a complete moron.  i take just about everything he says with a grain of sand.
small market of sports/baseball fans?
fuck everything about this. 
indians and pirates. there's a true baseball fan right there!
if the nyy want pujols they'll most likely pay up the ass for him and if they land him possibly send tex elsewhere. i have no idea, just guessing though.
i don't think this moves hurts the cardinals at all. i'm glad he'll be hitting free agency. he and the cards were agreed on years just not overall money. i doubt any other team will come in with $300 million next off season.

best case he hits free agency, realizes nobody is going to do another arod mistake and agrees to terms with the cardinals for life with a a reasonable contract that allows the cards and pujols to still save face.

worst case he hits free agency, someone signs him for 10/300 and the cards aren't the ones who get handcuffed for 20 years because of one player's deferred earnings. they can then re-sign wainwright, rasmus, jaime garcia, and pick up a couple top tier free agents.

actually now that i look at it it seems the cards are making the right move. i hate to see albert go. i was hoping he'd be the chosen one to actually stand for loyalty over money but that was false hope. have fun being a mercenary. at least leave us a parting gift of a world series title.
the cards were right about the contract value whether he signs 10/300 or not with someone else. he'll be someone else's problem when he's 38-41 making 30mill and 5 years after that when that same team is paying $10m/yr in deferrals for a guy not even on the team.
if he really is only 31 years old right now
i've lived too many places and gone to too many games, period...for me there's no favourites per se, only teams i detest. i hate the reds because of marge schott. i will never root for them. i hate the mariners because their owners suck, and going to their games i really learned to detest...the people who show up. maybe 10% of the people at a mariners games are fans. the rest are just human chaff. finally, the braves with their "ah, ah aaaaah ah ah, aaaah ah ah" tomahawk shit...diaf and stfu. braves games in my home are watched with the televison muted.

every other team (including the yankess) i can find reasons to root for and things to really like about them. and even for as much as i detest the reds, mariners and braves, i still follow them.

edit: just to add about the mariners, dave niehaus ruined mariners fans and permanently brain damaged them. every fly ball was a homer according to dave. so when you're at a mariners game, guaranteed some redneck idiot stands up in front of you the entire game whenever a ball is in the air. and if they're not standing up, they're talking about inane garbage like how church was and if they are going to to puyallup to marry their goat to their cousin or a tractor or something. talk about baseball at baseball games ffs!!!
the rays.  i now live closer to tampa than miami, and work in a sports bar.  most of my buddies/co workers are rays fans.  i hated them because of the annoying bandwagon fans that jumped on, but i've watched them for 2 years now, and know all the players... i guess its just a default.


it'll be interesting to see what happens with him. he may be a good fit in the rotation if peavy can't go right off the bat. but i hear they may want him to start 2011 in the 'pen and eventually move him into the rotation. i really like this kid, he's gonna be a good one.
cardinals
excited is right. they've been in a ton of exciting games this year and their goaltending is fantastic. very fun team to watch. i was watching dallas/edmonton last night and nearly fell asleep. i watched part of the bruins and leafs and it was a good game, so was the flyers/lightning.
nats fan all the way.  :)
hey, you have the specter of trump hanging over you know.  c'mon, you know you want him.  he'll make marge schott look like a model owner.
i don't think the people there are intelligent enough to sign up for a reddit account. not sure they can follow the steps to register.


actually if they want pujols, they will ask him to move to left, move gardner to center and sent granderson packing. that would be the most logical move.
if i actually get it signed i'm posting the pictures here in a heartbeat.
dude, no place i'd rather be than with the real fans, jawing and shit like that.

then again, i'm not a meek ginger, but still...that's the same reason i love philly fans. you're only gonna get into an altercation if you can't take shit. if you're willing to put up with shit, philly, chicago and ny fans are a fucking hoot.
hamels contract is up, but he's not hitting free agency. he has one more year of arbitration. at the very least we have him for next year too. 
nationals. 

edit: i'm a yankees fan
at least in san francisco they care enough about pizza to throw batteries. i think it just proves how wired they are there. they just want you to be able to power your various devices.
let's go bravos!!
it's terrible...that steelers/packers superbowl was heartbreaking for me no matter what.
don't know much about francesa but i thought he came across as a bigger tool than the caller.  

the guy's clearly a romantic, not too concerned about the financials or their level of play.  he just loves to watch them play.  francesa didn't have to hang him out to dry, a quick "well that's one perspective" and move on would have wrapped that up.  grade a douche.  


as much as the yanks have money to throw around, i don't think they can be that reckless about it. 
i'd hate to see granderson go...he's been pretty clutch for the yanks.
to me, the most logical move is pujols at lf/1b/3b/dh, arod at 3b/ss/dh, teixeira at 1b/dh and jeter as dh/ss.

all positions these guys can play depending on the matchup. plus, it would make sense to give jeter some days off from playing the field from time to time to keep him fresh.
the only reason i can hang on for as long as i have is that i figured we'd get a better owner eventually. i cannot abide trump. i may have to re-evaluate things if he gets involved.
i absolutely agree with you...tsn.ca and tsn in general made me loathe jays fans, but since i joined this subreddit my faith in their fan-base has been restored...the jays fans here seem pretty rad.
i think that money thing becomes mercenary when you take like 1%-5% more and go to a terrible team. but when it's the difference between what the mariners were prepared to pay arod vs what the rangers were prepared to pay him...

if teams are really that far off between the cards and some other $300m team, i don't know that loyalty applies. i can't definitively say where the line is between loyalty and foolishness, but it's probably somewhere between "killing yourself" and "your best interests"...
you should have seen the shit they said to this one mets fan that showed up when i went....bleacher creatures are intense, but hilarious.
the worst i've ever seen on average over time are giants/dodgers games, and generally speaking i would say they have pretty good fans. but something about that particular matchup...
rofl:

&gt;it's like if the nba stopped the action halfway through each quarter to let a fan shoot free throws for charity

it's true! letting the pitcher hit is like when you played little league and to be fair and promote having fun, "everyone gets a chance"...hahahaha
his batspeed caught the hanging fastball in a flash?
jake peavy for michael young? i rarely say impossible but there would be so much risk required for the rangers that it could hardly be viewed more as a lottery ticket than a trade.
&gt; ...also, anecdotal evidence is anecdotal....

no kidding. *sees someone linked to that puking guy* no kidding. 
yanks fan here...i know the expos aren't around anymore but they were still nl.
i gotta admit, i'm a sucker for a good transcribed accent.
valid point. i don't see pujols taking marginally more to go to a non-contender. 

he's talking out of both ends right now though. "it's not about the money", "cardinal for life", "hometown discount", "i want to be like stan the man" and other such quotes out of his mouth don't jive with turning down 10 years and $200+ million.

i totally get that the best player in baseball wants paid like the best player in baseball. just don't act like that's not your goal. you look like a tool when you do it.
no kidding. wait, what?
/r/baseball is ruining my productivity at work!
rockies.  i live in denver and have really enjoyed going to games at coors.  
twins. 
the "void" starts in may for you guys, no? ;)

i don't know why it is so difficult to pass up the opportunity to bust the chops of a cubbie. you still get an upvote from me. the nfl and nba do nothing for me. i hate the void.
oh boy! everyone comes off terrible.
cincinnati reds.
can't agree with you more.  seeing a game atop the green monster is on my bucket list.  they won me over in 2003 believe it or not, and i was extremely happy for them in '04.
the more i see about the mets the worse i feel for you guys. especially this week. donald trump as an owner.... holy hell. i wish that on no franchise.
mike hampton conjures up horrible memories.
wait, people other than red sox fans like youkilis?  maybe i just hate him because he charged rick porcello a couple of years ago (got worked by porcello who was ten years younger), but he has the stupidest batting stance and he always whines in the dugout.  i've never met anyone outside of boston fans who likes this guy. 
it's kind of sick, and i'm sure to be downvoted by yankee fans, but i'm kind of an anti-yankees fan. whoever's playing ny gets my support.  
but before the hate starts flowing, just know that i respect the yankees a lot, its hard not to, they are always an amazing team, and they make for great games. i'm just an underdog type of guy.
heh, no the marlins are a decent team. josh johnson, nolasco, they had uggla and hanley up the middle with a guy like bonafacio who still has some potential. if they had some more money, they could make a run every year. hopefully their new stadium helps it out a bit.
there was a little too much unnecessary yankees hating in this subreddit for my liking during the playoffs, which led me to unsubscribe till today. to be fair, this sub is for the most part pretty classy, and i may have been a tiny bit bitter during the playoffs.
try http://bluebirdbanter.com a very educated and good group of jays fans there. and they're not all horrible. tsn.ca is bad for any user interaction, all of the commenters are trolls. all of them.
yeah, hes got great stuff.  and the injury might have been a bit embellished since it was close to the end of the year and the marlins were out of it.  he was tied for most leads lost after the exiting the game.  something like 7 or 8
the story behind it was pretty funny though. some guy booted up his ps3 or xbox after coming home from work, picked like the 4th pitcher on some random team (i forget) and nailed it on his first try.
http://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/index.php/the-pujols-contract/

fangraphs has him worth $267m over 2012-2021
i hate how this guy mowed down my phils. i love how entertaining he was while doing it. guy's a riot.
hahaha.

"the happiest time in a man's life is between his first and second marriages." or something like that ^_^
so you're divorced... and getting remarried soon? 
nah not divorced yet. just languishing in uncertainty at the moment, it's tons of fun.
oh sounds like it. no one loves uncertainty more than me.
let's play ball it's game daaaaaay-ah.
anurther shtrike, a durrrble plaaaaay-ah

also, he definitely says "soar." because he doesn't know what a marlin is.

all of that was true, of course, but you missed a chance to rub montreal's nose in it with some lurie smack as well!
i think he's counting on you guys to be who you are, which are reasonable and knowledgable. it's why arod left seattle so unceremoniously. no way those fans would understand one way or another, so just gtfo.
i don't think "not being able to do it" is stopping arod or stopped bonds ;d
this makes me extremely nervous for one reason:

if the yankees want albert pujols, the yankees will *get* albert pujols.  make no mistake about it, over the last 10 years, albert pujols has been without question the best player in the mlb.  add him to the yankee lineup and every other team might as well forfeit.

[this](http://sports.espn.go.com/new-york/mlb/news/story?id=6128399) eases my worries, if only slightly.
the rays, since i can't stand the yankees, but can't bring myself to cheer for boston.
bet you won't be doing it when we got ya boy playin 1b at wrigley in 2012-2022!
must be rough when your team is at the point where you "don't have room" for the best player in baseball.
which one?
getting outmatched by mike francesa is like being outwitted by someone with down syndrome. i apologize in advance for being insensitive. 
wow. way to insult my childhood hero (dave niehaus) and my hometown (puyallup).
and to clarify puyallup isnt where the goats get raped. that's enumclaw, and buckley and sometimes orting. but puyallup is a fairly normal place.
i don't get my feelings hurt easily, but that would definitely leave a mark!

he would turn into something worse than lebron james if that happened. i doubt he ever plays for the cubbies. though that would make the rivalry even more fun

edit: why did you pull your previous reply about divisional titles?
seriously, espn? already with this crap? it's going to be a long half season.
attendance numbers are doctored like crazy and are sort of meaningless except perhaps as a measure of how difficult it would be to walk up and buy a ticket on gameday.

total gate revenues would be more meaningful but of course meaningful numbers are guarded closely by those involved.
giants. went to the same school as that stud posey.
source: it's a slow day for sports.

i pretty much never believe it when it says "source" from espn.  they have about as much journalistic integrity as the national enquirer.
from http://beardrevue.com/post/558978370/phillies-facial-hair-guide-2010-edition.
i remember the days when marlin would majestically fly through the air with their broad wingspan and sharp talons. 
til r/cardinals.  awesome.
i've been thinking that for several years.  he's always looked a bit older to me than he's supposed to be.
why not?  you buy your championships every year.  why should 2012 be any different?
i'm not that conflicted.  i'll be all in for the sox come playoffs, ahem, assuming they make it.  my kids on the other hand...
yeah, except they're both in chicago, and no one in chicago has bounce back years*

*with the exception carlos silva
they're crazy if they give zambrano the ball on opening day.  far as i can see, dempster deserves it more.

and we should have gotten rid of soriano about 5 million stupid outfield hops ago.
i understand and agree with just about everything you said, but i have a *real* hard time blaming albert in this situation.  first of all, i blame the cards, who have seen this coming for several years.  last year, they threw a ton of money at matt holliday, making him a higher paid player per year than pujols, which in my opinion is utterly ridiculous.  i'm sure they didn't anticipate the somewhat overblown contract he's asking for, but that brings me to my second point.

i also blame scott boras (it sickens me a bit that an *agent* is famous enough for casual fans to know who he is) and the rangers for throwing a mind boggling amount of money at a-rod and setting the precedent a few years back.

lastly, it would be much easier to get pissed at albert if he didn't do so much good with the money he makes.  a few extra million would go a *long* way in the dominican republic.

just... ***please***... not the yankees or the cubs.

on the bright side, i'm looking forward to seeing what kind of insane numbers he can put up in his "contract year".
let's be friends.
i wish the image was larger.
free agency + scott boras = fail
clearly he has a bright future ahead of him in politics.
indians. partly because of major league, partly because i pity them. it used to be the red sox. i grew up a trenton thunder fan when they were the affiliate, but then they left us to the yankees and i can never go to a game again. tigers as well, because i like jim leyland.
i'm really nervous about what this wilpon lawsuit is going to do to your club. for my money i would say it's going to be a long decade.
that's nothing compared to howard eskin in philadelphia. in comparison i actually thought that francesca was very kind to the caller who had absolutely nothing of value to say. 
i might be missing something, but the way i understand the story, it seems he is being reasonable. he just wants a contract going into the season, or he is going to test the market after the season. he is not saying he won't resign with the cardinals after the season... he is just saying that if he doesn't get an agreeable contract now, he not negotiate during the season.

also, any team can afford him, they just choose not to.
i dont think its particulary "mean" to want to dip into the free agent market and see whats out there... i do think it might be a little wrong to drag the cardinal's around considering they already pretty much laid their biggest offer they can afford on the table. i dont see them offering more than they did this week once november comes around..
he's the best player in baseball (perhaps ever, once his career is done) and he has been on an extremely team-friendly contract. you can call him a jerk for wanting to find out what his worth is on the open market... but should every player "beloved" by a fanbase be required to take an under-market contract just so the mega-rich team owner doesn't have to open up his pockets a little more?
oh my god they only have until he hits free agency in november to work out a deal now

the humanity!
yea, i think dempster should get the ball on opening day as well, although garza seems like an outside shot.  nobody would be foolish enough to take soriano unless we pay the majority of his contract.
yikes, with beckett and papelbon they round out my 4 most hated. as much as i want to i can't hate on v-tek or ortiz, though.
i think he's going to extreme's demanding a 10 year contract..i would imagine the cardinals would be happy to give him $20+ million a year considering the market and what he's done, but who's going to give 10 years to a 31 year old? the only rude thing is saying he doesn't want it to be a distraction now that the seasons is starting; if anything it's going to be a bigger distraction now than if he let his agent continue talking w/ the cardinals brass. who knows.
you really believe that the indians (my favorite team) could afford a 10-year $300 million contract after drawing the lowest attendance in the league in 2010 (17,435 avg.)? what about the athletics (17,511 avg.)?

i don't believe every team could afford that, in fact, i think it is very unlikely any team could.
it's not just you.  he's a jerk too.

i'm kidding!
besides yankees, boston and maybe angels. i doubt anyone could afford his price. i think he's just playing the game all free agents and their respected agents play.
i must have this on a t-shirt
well you can cross off the bottom right most image, the traitor.
cubs because there's really nothing not to love and giants because a lot of current giants played minor league in my 'hood. for a minute it was the dodgers because i love joe torre, but then manny went there and ended that real quick.
it's a business, most fans realize that. i think the lebron hate stems from the way he left not the actual fact that he did. pujols is the best player in baseball. what he gets will set the bar for others throughout the league in the future. so it's imperative to all players and agents that he gets as much money as possible. it's much bigger than him, his ego etc if you think of it from that pov.
difference was arod never had any intention of doing anything, but testing the free agent market.

i was working for the mariner's during that last arod season. you had to be in a coma not to realize he was leaving at the end of the year. the last two months of the season he wouldn't even go into the clubhouse until everyone else had gone on to the field to take bp.

i'd like to think pujols is a better person than arod and would just come out and state he was going to test the free agent market, now. rather then drag the speculation out the entire season.

however, if st.louis really did offer anything under 10/250 i'd be insulted as well.
nothing wrong with wanting to get paid more. he is a pro athlete in it to make money. if he can get more, he will get it. 

if another company offered me 20k more per year, i would go to that company.
i think he is just looking out for himself, which imo is okay to do.  him and a-rod have very similar number for the past 10 seasons or so, and a-rod has been paid much much more money than him (i think about 100 million).  as, arguably, the best hitter in the game, he should be able to ask for whatever he wants.  just my two cents...
this displays how great of a job all of the owners do at convincing their fans that they can't afford to pay good players. the owners pocket the money and cry about the yankees having an unfair advantage.

the indians sold out every game for several years when jacob's field first opened. they would attract more attendance if they put a winning team on the field. 
all i've learned from madoff is that rich people can be surprisingly stupid with their money.

this will blow over eventually. the mets will get sold off to another owner.
it makes it worse that he says "with a little luck" right before "soaaaaaaaaaaaaar".

also, it sounds like he's never seen a baseball game before, and opened up a baseball glossary, to cull baseball terms and list them in a song.

a single/a double/a tri-hi-hiple play-ee-yay

a balk/catcher's interference/it's time for game day-ee-yay!!!!
just business. don't get me wrong, i of all people really wanted a deal done by now.. but if the side don't agree then they don't agree. i like having a window at the end of the season. once he gets closer to being a fa there will be a little bit more clarity in the market, so the cardinals can cross reference their offer with what others are willing to give him. 

call me optimistic, but pujols will be a cardinal for life. 
the yankees really aren't a terribly likable team, you're born with it or a bandwagon pink-hat, i don't know a single baseball fan who shifted to being a yankees fan.


don't get me wrong, i love the yankees, but the past 10 years has been a lot more wtf than warm fuzzies. 
i agree with you about moving to a company offering more money, but i am not making $16 million this year.

i feel like, when the money is in the tens of millions of dollars, it's less an issue of money and more a matter of pride. personally i value loyalty more than pride.
br is free. here's the link, [team wins](http://www.baseball-reference.com/leagues/mlb/) back to 1901, wins leaders in bold, just did a little math (and little more research) from there. 
no one was safe!
not sure you can really equate the two things.  money has diminishing returns, the difference between 40k a year and 60k a year is lightyears more substantial than the difference between 16 million and 20 million a year.
that's about half the hair gone, right there.
i hear he isn't a very good pitcher anyway.
[rap tribute to dave niehaus](http://www.youclubvideo.com/video/153268/macklemore-ryan-lewis-my-oh-my-2011)

i am not huge on rap, but i felt this
yeah, that's the kicker.  not sure how long he has left on his contract, but if we re-sign him, i'm going to kick and scream.
lady, he ain't traded yet.
they kept him as a starter all last year and he started to do quite well, so i am still hopeful.
i feel exactly the same way.
http://www.stltoday.com/sports/columns/round-two/article_ae3e309a-3a09-11e0-81cd-00127992bc8b.html 

if you're interested in the article. i'm tired of the hypothetical shit, personally. 
i'm a dallas native but i go to mizzou so i don't hate seeing the cardinals do well ;)
just like they got cliff lee.
oh, agreed on papelbon and beckett. i enjoy the fact that they're on the sox, though. it makes it easier to root against them.

if varitek played in your uniform of choice, you might feel differently. maybe.
eh, old player is old. posada's probably my favorite yankee and he's miles past his prime.
padres. i had a lot of relatives that lived in san diego. nothing was better than taking a trip to sd and watching a padres game at murph(especially in 98)!
the home town discount in this case would have been around $60 million too.  i just don't see how you can begrudge a player for turning down a contract like that.  he's cut off negotiations for the season, but the cardinals and he will continue negotiating after the season is over.  
my favorite met, and also love him behind the booth. engaging, knowledgeable, entertaining.
yup, and after months of rumors, they haven't published a word on the first real 'melo trade offer. terrible, just terrible.
it's easier to blame the player because he's the one demanding money, but it's just as much the owner's fault for refusing to pay what the player is worth.  i'm sorta speaking in general terms: pujols really won't be worth $300mil over the course of the next 10 years.  but if his performance brings in $30mil per season for the franchise right now, why shouldn't he be paid that much?  

this is the case against salary caps.  the players' salaries are suppressed, even though they're the ones earning money for the team.  the difference just goes to line the owners' pockets.
thought he would be an ignorant dope based on his playing persona, but he's been a big surprise from the get-go, my favorite there after reynolds.
as a cubs fan, i can't say that i am entirely neutral in this, but i haven't really seen him as being that much of a jerk. the lebron thing was him just bringing attention to himself for the sake of attention... this is just pujols giving the cards a chance to get their option out there before everyone else, and then let the actual season take precedence over money stuff. if i was a cards fan, i wouldn't want his negotiations continuing on through the season, as it would almost definitely serve as a distraction for the team, and could cause them to make some bad deals around the time of the trade deadline.

he has been underpaid for years (by mlb standards), and he finally has a chance to remedy that situation. he wants a bit of an overpay to make up for his previous contract, and he hasn't really gone around trying to act like he is doing something besides that. he might as well see what options he has at the end of the season, and i'm sure that he won't go to a different team without some really significant increase in either years or money. i don't think he's quitting on st. louis, he's just trying to get as much money as possible the last time he has a chance to, since he didn't do that last time.
very dumb and dumber.
since you are a yankees fan i think you shouldn't complain too much about people giving you a hard time. no other team in professional sports has had such a huge payroll compared to their competition and they have done it for almost 20 years. that fact or all those silly trophies you guys have should keep you content despite any internet teasing you might encounter. 
the cardinals offer was probably $50 million less than market value.  even if there are diminishing returns, we're talking about increasing his net worth by 15% or more.  
wait!... so what are youtube comments? 
i thought this was posted for the typo on the poll.
blushes. 
this is not really that cool.  it's like she's trying to make him cry to somehow shame the rangers or something.  way to put your spite for your own team ahead of your kid's well-being, lady.
yes, how dare scott boras do what he's paid to do and make all the money he could for his client.

the rangers agreed to arod's demands even though the next closest bid was 30% less. it is entirely their fault.
yeah, cliff lee sure does. oh wait...wrong colour pinstripes.
what's the difference between the utley and the dobbs?

ps: fuck you greg dobbs, you suck.
i think we can all agree that pujols is the best active player in baseball.  "best" i don't think means that he is #1 is every stat category, but rather he is the best bet for this season and many more to come to put up outstanding production.  he's been that guy for a few seasons now, and hasn't been paid like it.  the most he will make under his current contract is $16 million, which in baseball terms, is only slightly more than mariano will make this year, and less than many lesser stars such as ichiro, werth, ryan howard, mark teixeira, alex rodriguez, etc.  $16 million is a lot of money, but it would be hard to say that pujols doesn't have a case to feel underappreciated.

from what i can tell, pujols is doing something that he feels would cement his legacy as one of the greatest players of all time: being paid like one.  he isn't going for a specific number of years (as mentioned elsewhere in the comments) so much as trying to top a-rods giant albatross of a contract.  i don't know if the cards could afford that, or if that's reasonable from a financial standpoint, but when he's been this good for this long and been this underpaid, i think he's entitled.

edit: grammar.
the typo probably skewed the results, too. i know i always vote for the mistake/joke in a poll.
im 29 years old and i honestly could not figure out if this was a parody or not. it looks like scott stapp really is a caricature of himself. 
i'm not so sure it's actually affecting the payroll at all, from what i've read. i'm not a huge fan of the wilpons, but, to their credit, they've done a decent job of isolating the teams payroll from their own. i hate that it heaps more crap on the already faltering mets image, but then again, it wouldn't be the mets if things didn't go wrong, amirite?
i'm assuming these aren't baseball fans that are voting on this poll.  how could they not care whether or not he's coming back?  wondering whether or not the nats would re-sign adam dunn was driving me nuts, and he's good and all...but we're talking about albert freaking pujols here!
matt holliday is making ~$18m a year. albert pujols is more than $2m better than matt holliday.
upvote for the pain you have endured being an indian fan. 
both baltimore and toronto could afford him, and they both would be good fits. 
i think the cardinals would pay him, they just dont want to give him a 10 year deal. 
thats because cincinnati has had nothing to cheer for since last october. 
i didn't know "drunken" was an accent...
i'm not trying to complain too much, maybe just a little. i was just trying to say that things aren't *always* super classy around here, which led me to unsubscribe. but with the new season approaching, i'm back and happy about it. 
ehh...people keep saying that but i don't see the cubs making a huge run at him. ricketts has shown he's not the type of owner to approve huge and long contracts, especially for players as old as albert. it seems much more likely to me they take a run at fielder if they go after an in-division 1b. there's also gonzalez if he doesn't sign an extension...and if pena has a bounce back year they're likely to just extend him as well. 

ricketts wants to save money, invest in young players, and avoid long contracts -- all 3 of those would be violated by going for pujols.
cubs can afford him.... but i hope they don't give him 300 million/10 years.
hopefully neither :(
if the twins can open the bank for justin morneau, the cards can for pujols.
this is awesome. do you play bay area teams? i could probably look it up, but this is easier. i've been looking to get into a baseball league.
if we did, with our luck he'd become soriano 2.0.
is 2k11 going to be better this year? 2k9 was a disaster, but 2k10 showed promise.
so the projected payroll of ~$100m next year is just an unfortunate coincidence then? i would love to believe that the reason no money was spent this year was because they were waiting to dump some expiring contracts and give alderson a feeler/rebuilding year, but then when he goes out and says that he thinks the current payroll is a little higher than they'd want it to be, i see red flags flying up everywhere. don't expect much money to be reinvested into the team any time soon
can you say anything about the competitiveness of the league? been out of pitching for a few years, but itching to get back
my friend, if you were once "in the pitching", you will do fine. what are your concerns? i do know that the 18+ kids play woodbats and run all fast and stuff.
nabasocal.com is the website. i don't believe we go that far up. however, there are tournaments throughout the year...
my area doesnt consider him as much of a traitor as expected, since everyone kindof saw it coming.  especially when we saw how much washington gave him, you cant blame the guy
as a cardinals fan -- no, not really.
where do you guys practice/play? i might know someone if the location is right. also you may want to post this in /r/losangeles (assuming you guys are a los angeles team). 
i go to school across the street from the white sox, and i like their hat, so i'll go with them.
personally the load music between innings sucks at dolphin stadium. 
the people in cleveland will always support their teams thank you very much.
haha i like it! 
where was this five years ago?
twins. i've developed a man-crush on mauer and my best friends happen to be twins. go minisoda.
first, boo mets! second, the most pressing need was a heavy bat. unfortunately, we weren't able to get an outfield bat, despite a lot of looking, and so they looked where they could fit a big bat. when the opportunity opened up for uggla, we took it, i just hope it works out. we sold on infante right at the peak of his performance, or at least i hope so (for our sake) 
astros.
ugh, mark bowman is a fine reporter, but he is a terrible goddamn writer.

&gt;fortunately for all parties involved, prado has arrived at spring training with this professional "team first" attitude and without the pains that prevented him from aiding the braves during the postseason last year. 

torture.
reminds me of my little brother when the kid was traded to the reds. i still get a sick feeling just thinking about his reaction.
&gt;surely they could have acquired a more pressing need than 2b, something they were stacked at.

well the real need was for a right handed power bat.  there was a lesser need for a left fielder.  a power hitting, right handed lf would have been great to acquire, but they got the same effect with this trade.

edit: said left, meant right
carlos marmol will create his own save situation at least 5 times!
as an a's fan, i strongly approve.
the angels will win the west while winning 90 games and lose in the first round 0-3 to the red sox. (see: every season since 2002)
teixeira has a no trade clause and they already have the arod contract.  so, that would be close to $80 million through teixeira's contract and they'd still have to figure out where to play jeter as he declines.  

i'm not saying it's impossible, but that is a ton of hurdles to get over.  they basically would have to trade jeter or teixeira to do it.  
hard to figure how they could play jeter, teixiera, arod and pujols on the same team two or three years from now.  
it's hard to send tex anywhere when he has a full no trade clause. 
word on the street is that the cardinals offer was less than what howard got.  do you think that's true?  if it is true, does that reflect poorly on the cardinals?
it would more appropriately read "the brooklyn dodgers of los angeles"

what are they dodging in la?
i know nothing about his personality. all i know is he can take a walk. :p
i mean, although joe blanton is currently viewed as "phillies has 4 aces...and then there's joe", i can imagine kendrick feels even worse because while blanton barely feels the love (and he isn't horrible either), at least blanton is still mentioned when talking about the phillies' rotation.
the dodgers have the best uniform / logo in baseball.
&gt; him and a-rod have very similar number for the past 10 seasons or so

opss since pujols started playing in 2001:

pujols - 1.050
a-rod - .971

granted, early in the decade a-rod was a premier defensive shortstop and therefore arguably more valuable, but pujols has much better numbers. it is inarguable that he is the best hitter in the game.

yeah, well, kendrick really was just awful last year.
the phanatic: best mascot in sports, or best mascot in the world?
hmm salary cap time?

&gt; show actual respect for other posters teams

that's a lot more than i can say for those dirty dodgers fans! (shakes fist)
so how old is greg oden?

how old someone "looks" is not a good way to judge their age within, say, 5 years.
world. 


i feel that all teams should groom facial hair in the style of the early baseball players, on "throw back" nights.

rollie fingers comes to mind.
phillies will have three pitchers win 20 game this year. not sure how bold this actual is though.
is it the one youtube clip when the mets fan just had his face down the whole time while going along with the "ymca" song?
as a giants fan i'm torn: do i hate the angels or the dodgers in this situation?

i know... both!
ok this is the best place for this....
went i was a kid(30yr now) it wa the cali angels, then it was the anaheim angels, now it's the  los angeles angels of anaheim?!

it's that overkill, why did they add the la part?

just need to know.
in case it goes away, here's an imgur backup:

http://i.imgur.com/uxgmm.png

i was actually thinking about posing a question about what /r/baseball thought about him. he's been pretty friggin' lazy and managed to step it up last year and rob the rangers of $96m over 6 years. not only that, with that michael young video today, he ran a good guy out of town. which was what made me think of it.

if you're a mariners fan, you're probably pissed. dodger fan is over him. red sox fan is probably bit wtf. my question is what you think he does. i think he fucking mails it in again because he got paid. this is why i'm down on the rangers this year - their front office appears to be retarded. you never sign beltre based upon a contract year. that's front office 101. and you don't screw with young.
i believe the term is "dont hate the player hate the game"
it's just how mlb works without a salary cap. every next great player that comes along is going to want more than the last guy. it's only going to continue to rise. it's fine, he'll go play for the dogers or yankees like everyone else... :(   "400 million for 15 years"
oh come on, a propos for a baseball forum...2 hours and 7 comments and no one has hit this softball out of the park?!?!?

you must feel neglected!

&gt;what are they dodging in la?

ok, let's start the list:

* bullets
* la migra
* shitty drivers

come on, what else have we got?
vitamincheme sort of stole my thunder and i didn't want to double post / couldn't pass up the "what do they dodge" question...

it should be:

the brooklyn dodgers of los angeles

and the los angeles angels of anaheim, california

can't forget the california reference.
hear hear!!
i hate reading comments over at fan nation. people just rip into each other for the worst reasons. it's easy to talk trash from the safety of your computer. i enjoy the high minded baseball fans of this subreddit a great deal. it's helped to make me a better fan!

grats everyone!
funny but true...i always made it a point to attend games where a special pitcher comes to town. i rarely cared about the home team's pitcher since they were always easier to see.
i think from now on, when i forget something, it's going to be "...and joe blanton"

"crap, at the grocery store i forgot to get milk, eggs and joe blanton.
i am looking for an al league team, who should i root for? 
brett gardner will not have a great season.  he doesn't [swing at much of anything](http://riveraveblues.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/gardner-plate-discipline.gif), and it's just a matter of time before the pitchers just start dealing strike after strike to him, and it gets ugly.
**a challenger appears**

http://www.famouschicken.com/
the fan base is going to be divided on this one...
sorry. i like the chicken, but the phanatic beats him handily.
i've worn one of those suits once (and not for sexual pleasure, mind you) and doing the one-handed pushups that early on is hardcore. you bake like a motherfucker in those things, especially on a hot day like it is on the field. already the phanatic is working up a sweat and losing fluids. whoever is in there is **hard**core.
sadly, i agree. the team "belongs" to the fans, but if we get in financial trouble, they aren't gonna help us out. it belongs to them and they'll divert money from baseball to themselves.
he walks too many to my liking (for a closer). i'll agree with your statement.
&gt;i personally believe the wilpons had to know their money was floating through a ponzi scheme

i think it depends on the person. i don't find the wilpons to be malicious as much as ignorant. take trump, who wants in. he's gone the bankruptcy road several times. you take the risk, he gets the reward. that's malice.

there's a lot of fairly wealthy people who are quite unsophisticated with their money. we moved a lot of money in products and service when i was with compusa. we had accounts that were worth in the tens of millions on a monthly basis. and i'll tell you something - corporations that were accountable to somebody always were tough on price. but family-owned companies, unions and the government were completely ignorant about money in many ways.

don't take that as a defence of corporations. i'm not. but it seems to me that the wilpons are like most wealthy folk who aren't accountable to anyone and don't really know what they should be looking out for. if you've got the sec breathing down your neck, you learn to follow certain protocols. but it's like baseball players getting ripped off. this is uncharted territory. these scams are sophisticated and complex and high-level decision makers have so much on their plate that is abstract, the fine details tend to escape them.

i *want* to be mad at the wilpons, but i doubt they were even vaguely aware of what was going on.
as a result of this, do you think he'll have an adequate enough on-base percentage to steel 40+ bases?
i'm not sure.  probably.  if he's not a regular, they'll put him in as a pr to steal bases.  plenty of old/fats and he's definitely excellent defensively.
all of the jays fans who thought 3 years would somehow get done need to go cry to mommy. this is a good contract, if you admit that having bautista is better than losing him. 13 mil avg is good, better to spend on bautista than hill (13 mil avg for 2012-14).
i think he should go star in movies about the mafia or other things to take advantage of his hairstyle.
"but bakerdan, the reds ownership doesn't even *like* minorities. they're nazis!"
no halladay?
i'm glad they signed him to a multiyear contract.  now i just hope that he delivers.  i hope hill delivers this year and gives them a reason to pick up his options, too.
in addition, kerry wood blows out his elbow again and sits on the bench for the season.
ah. thanks for the heads up. i didn't even know there was a /r/losangeles. we practice in covina, play at fields in rowland, rancho coucamunga (whatever), maybe arcadia.

thanks!
that's pretty excellent. i wonder what other teams have kinda silly locational spots. maybe no one else, actually...
obviously we're going to disagree here because you're a sox fan, so you see the best in sale, and as a twins fan, i come from the opposite end of the spectrum, where i see a violent injury-prone delivery and lack of secondary pitches.

there's not many guys that can go out there for 7+ innings and just throw gas by people. has he developed his secondary pitches enough this off season? if he had a change he could rely on he would be a beast. 
shared a package, section 300 right behind home plate at the old vet.
olliver perez will return to form and win 15 games.
alright, here's the boldest prediction i can make: the cubs will win the world series.

you heard it here first.
ouch. that's a bitchslap, if there ever was one.
where can i buys!? i live walking distance to edison/greg laurie/monster truck stadium.
hey, nice logo.
c.c. sabathia shows that he isn't interested in money, and decides not to opt-out of his contract.
the yankees will win the world series.

so radical!
http://www.footballfanatics.com/mlb_la_dodgers/nike_la_dodgers_royal_blue_local_t-shirt

but they're out of stock! d:  
i'm a yankee fan with several met fan friends and it definitely sucks for them, not even considering that the phillies will likely dominate that division for a while. with the new brass in place, though, they're on the right path, and high payroll has done little to improve them anyway, so i think they can only go up from here.
i like mine better. ;)
marketing, pure and simple.
exactly. the allegations that the players' union is pressuring him are probably true, if you connect the dots of everyone's motives. besides that, every war is worth around 4.5 mil, and so pujols deserves roughly 35-40 mil/year, which is obviously a lot less than he has been making for the past decade. one could even argue that a home town *premium* is in order.
&gt; what are they dodging in la?

still dodging trolleys, but it's way easier to do out here.

that brings to mind a historical curiosity:

&gt; "hardie henderson: champion base ball pitcher" -- pitched from 1883-1887 for the philadelphia quakers, baltimore orioles, brooklyn grays (19th-century precursor to the brooklyn trolley dodgers), and pittsburgh alleghenys.

&gt; in a horrible bit of irony, henderson was killed in february 1903 when he was run over by a trolley.
you do realize that, from all the reports i have seen, steinbrenner lost money on the yankees from when he started his spending spree until the late 1990s right (or even the early 2000s)? that is where most (obviously not all) owners draw the line. they are unwilling to lose money on the baseball team. face it baseball is a business, has been since it became a pro sport in the late 1800s, and all most owners care about is money. if the owners really cared more about winning, they would be willing to eat losses to make their team competitive. connie mac said it best "it is more profitable for me to have a team that is in contention for most of the season, but finishes about fourth. a team like that will draw well enough in the first part of the season to show a profit for the year. and you don't have to give the players raises when they don't win."
yes. hence, my inquiry. you are of no use to me!!!

but i like you.

so... upvote!
i have it tattooed on me. :-)
phillies:
-rollins will have a year that rivals his mvp year.  (it's his contract year, he needs to go big or he's gone)
-the big 4 will each win at least 17 games each and halladay will repeat as cy young winner
-phillies win at least 105 games
-they win the world series in 5 over the red sox (but i wish it was the yankees)
yeah...but he also just set a record for k/9 last season so i'll take it
*and i beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood.*
ok, you win. ;d 

did you have it done at true blue tattoo in la?
gross.
i don't care about the angels any more. now that 2010 happened, 2002 is just a bad dream.
that's very bold, considering how hard it is for any one pitcher to win 20 games. over the last four years, halladay has averaged 18½ wins, lee 13¼, hamels 12¾, oswalt 13, and blanton 11.
pablo sandoval hits .300 with 25 home runs.
does any team except the dodgers get more than a few games free over the air?

rip kcal's coverage of the lakers.
man crush? i was all over mauer at the beginning of last season because i started playing the show...and he sorely, sorely disappointed :[ i think that new ball park is *just* outside of his home run range...
yes, ops, and wins above replacement, pujols is much better.  since 2001, homeruns, ba, and rbis are similar.  either way, the point i was trying to make is that pujols has been underpaid in the past, and its about time he starts making the money he deserves.
ouch, thank god for wgn.

mlb is so bad at marketing their product and making it accessible. and they wonder why popularity is falling...
that's a great quote.
i beg to differ
it kinda looks like utley has a little hitler mustache. 
i saw what this was linking to and thought, "this is old news"

i re–watched the video and thought, "this never gets old"
why, why did the bosox abandon trenton to the yankees? you left us. i am hurt. bitter. mean. i can never go to a hometown game ever again.
done.  finally.
as far as logos go, i think the [iconic nyg logo](http://sportsthenandnow.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/willie-mays.jpg) is/was better than the current sfg logo.
the los angeles angels of anaheim of california of the united states of america of north america of earth of the solar system of the milky way galaxy of the universe
you realize that the nyg logo is the current mets logo, right?
jesus, you're everywhere. nfl, mlb...where next?
let's do it, panda!
what if i don't attend any games...?
well at least i'll get to see a bit of the twinkies.  parents, why did you move away from minnesota but instill in me a love of the twins????
i mean hes making 23 million dollars. if anything he would opt out to play in the nl or west coast. 
i was joking around about the money.  he is going to cash in big time after he opts out.  my guess is that he will be playing in the nl west next year.
yes, but in a different color.  and i happen to like the mets logo.  in fact, i just added it as a logo.
tigers.

hey guys, what are we talking about?
i highly doubt that pujols would take a job as a dh.
i don't want to be too greedy after this offseason but obviously this would  amazing. my post papi team in mlb the show had pujols until he retired as the home run king. i don't see him taking a job as dh either but seriously i can't think of a team that would beat that the red sox if they somehow add pujols so if he wants a ring or two or six boston could make sense.
from age 35 to 42, bonds had 2 negative dwar seasons -- the lowest being -1.1.

four of arod's last 5 seasons have had negative dwar and he's not even 35 yet.

bonds was never a huge liability in lf and he could have kept playing if a team was interested.  it certainly wasn't his defense that forced him into quasi-retirement.
the bats in the nl are mostly a joke(rare exception like upton and tulo) he could win another cy young there every year
maybe he decides to play for the giants just to create a blackhole of negative runs when the giants play the phillies.
the twins will win a postseason series against the yankees. 

too bold?
as others have said, lebron was a jerk for making a spectacle out of his departure, not for departing the team he was strong-armed to join via the draft and probably didn't even want to join in the first place.

pujols has the right to pursue a fair market deal and nobody should call him a jerk for wanting to see the best offer available to him if the cardinals don't meet his demands. it's likely that his demands aren't relatively extreme to begin with, considering he's shown he's willing to sacrifice the most pay for long term security when he signed his contract extension -- unlike boras clients who almost always go year to year in arbitration.

pujols should be the highest paid player in the game and it shouldn't even be particularly close. if the cardinals can't or won't pay a fair price, they don't deserve him. pujols is the one who deserves them. 
yay pity upvotes!! i take what i can get
while draft picks have historically been undervalued... who gives a flying fuck about a draft pick when we're talking about pujols?
opt out and become the phillies 5th starter
which crazy manager is it that says new ballparks just need to get the moisture out of the concrete?  pretty sure that's all joe needs: a stadium with nice dry concrete!  plus he was kind of sort of hurt (?) for a big chunk of last season, so if he can stay 100% (or as close to it as a catcher can be) i think his production will go up.  or rather, i hope it'll go up since i really want '09 to not be a fluke power-wise
paradox.
as a giants fan, i don't understand why anyone would want this shirt. i mean, isn't it bad enough to have los angeles in the team's name **once**?
you cubby fans have a truly bizarre definition of "bold."  believe in yourselves!  until you guys get pujols and you don't need to believe in yourselves so much as have king albert fulfill all your wildest dreams.
"...and blanton."  new favorite phrase-i-want-to-make-a-meme.
i want to hate him, but he was a fairly likeable guy in seattle and he's a fantastic fielder. no one can hit homers in safeco. at least he isn't sexson.

and the "nutcracker" incident with griffey is legendary.
yeah, it's hard for me to comment on this, but bare with me:

i can watch the panthers every single sunday on fox.  without fail.  i can watch at least 75% of hurricanes game on fox sports south.  now the carolinas don't really have a local team, but the braves are the dominant team in the area.  when you could watch the braves on turner south, they were so much more popular than they are these days.  the mlb needs to make sure that at least half (i figure home games at minimum) are on a local basic cable television station if they want to reverse the popularity trend back to rising.
just barely not bitter enough to downvote this &gt;:{
not bold enough!  world series rings!!!
over the last 20 years, players who value their legacy over the dollar are the minority. i didn't think griffey, a-rod or randy johnson would leave either. but it happens all the time. 
aj burnett will have 15 or more wins this season. if i don't tell myself that now, i will be sad about this season before it even begins.
in the event that he does match his 2010 production (or comes anywhere close, really) he's an absolute steal. the jays must think 2010 was reasonably close to his (new) true talent level because prior to last year he'd posted an ops+ of 91 with over 2000 pa.  you don't want that anywhere near your corner outfield. bet they really would've liked to keep it to four years.
for really bold predictions, i think frankie gets totally back in the saddle and wins 17-19 with an era hovering around 3.  blackburn maintains those little strikes of brilliance he showed from time to time, especially after he got the boot to aaa.  mauer powers up again and hits 20+ jacks.  nishioka collects 200 hits in pursuit of becoming the next ichiro.  nathan comes back in full force and is delivery man of the year again.  morneau maintains his first-half pace of '10 and hits .345+ with like a zillion home runs.  cuddy combines his '06 and '09 seasons in a beautiful tapestry and hits 30+ homers with 100+ rbi.

less-bold predictions: slowey realizes his calling as a long-reliever and soothes the loss of baller dudes like guerrier and crain.  thome passes sosa on the all-time homer list.  delmon continues to improve his average and power and hits .310ish 

...i just really want my twins to win.
brewers win the pennant! not really that bold, more like a cold hard lock.
i couldn't live without mlb.tv.  as an la-based twins fan, that and twins road games in anaheim are basically my lifeblood.
the griffey trade damaged me for years, but after the wound finally healed i learned better ways to place my allegiances. 
i don't know why you're getting downvoted. i thought it was funny.
griffey was undoubtedly an awesome player in his prime but what gets overshadowed is how much of a primadonna he was, even when he degraded into a bad player. nobody should forget that he left the mariners last year without telling the gm or field manager. he pretty much told no one and just stopped coming to work, which there's no excuse for if you're anyone but griffey and are anywhere but seattle.

i'm ambivalent about him being a consultant with the mariners because i seriously doubt he's going to put any real work in -- nor do i think the mariners want him to. if he makes the mariners more money by marketing his image, then hey, neato.

tell my wife... hello.
a's will at one point during the season have ~~3+~~ **4+** players on the dl
hahahaha nope, but that sounds hilarious...it was the game when a-rod hit his 600th...some mets fan showed up and he got it from the yankee faithful, hard.
celsius1414 is right. and with any marketing, the more this remains media fodder, the angels only benefit. the angels pulled this move 5 years ago and people are still talking about it. it's all about staking a claim on la media/marketing revenue. 
i liked him last year, plus i always thought it was hilarious that he would freak out when people touched his head.
you must really miss kurt ainsworth. oh and that cal ripken guy was pretty neat. 
oh no, the bold part was that the yankees would make the postseason.
talk shit about dave niehaus = auto downvote. any baseball fan who listened to him in his prime would listen to that man read a phone book.
they were originally the los angeles angels....the current owner wanted to go back to those roots with the name change.  i don't really know why he would want to do that...but he did. 
it started around when artie moreno bought the club.  they went heavy for the latino fan base that was all around angel stadium and never really catered to.  brilliant move.  winning and signing big names didn't hurt any either.  i really envy the angels for their ownership.
and i get to hate all you bastards. 
he is a two-time gold glove winner (including last year), and i think he takes a lot of pride in his ability as an all-around player.  i don't see it happening either. 
your gentleman-ness earned you an upvote
i love things from previous seasons! post something from the john kruk era! nothing involving a missing testicle, please
as opposed to consisting of the current roster?
nike has a facial hair tshirt line. being that this is not the current roster, don't hold your breath on this making it to a shirt.
are there any trolleys still in operation in la?
=(
blasphemy. even the phanatic admits the chicken is the standard!
you hush, now. i just paid $20 for him at auction.
hahahahaha

what form is that? the off season where he decides *not* to have an era of 6?
indeed.  it's worth noting that in reynold's 2009, [chris davis](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/d/davisch02.shtml) was on pace for even more strikeouts, but texas decided to abandon him halfway through the season and send him back down to the minors, where he proceeded to continue his trend of massacring the ball.  it's a funny era we're in; joltin' joe was considered better even than contemporaries jimmie foxx and ted williams because he struck out an incredibly low amount of times, and that was the hallmark of a good hitter (one season, he struck out a ridiculous 13 times.  that's unbelieveable.  his contact skills must have been the best anyone's ever seen.).  yet, mark reynolds can fulfill the [three true outcomes](http://www.baseball-reference.com/bullpen/three_true_outcomes) better than almost anyone in the business, and his value is higher than his ba and so total would imply.
ಠ_ಠ
bold you say?

* incomprehensibly, the san diego padres will be within 4 games of the top of the nl west in august while being 19th in run support. a kyle blanks comeback will give them momentum, but they will fall short to a late rockies surge and the rockies win the nl west over the giants

* no new pictures of grady sizemore's penis will be seen

* a federal investigation into the mets will end up with bud selig appearing before congress during the season

* the twins will be the top al team in strikeouts and 2nd in the mlb after the phillies

* the milwaukee brewers will have more go wrong for them than everything go right and will play poorly in the dog days of summer and be out of it by late july

* billy butler will be traded and his numbers will be disappointing
well, he's 25, give or take 5 years, but his knees are 85, give or take 5 years.
that is ridiculous if it's true. 
a friend/coworker of mine was close buddies with randy and i'll reiterate the same story to you that everyone else knew: when the bosses in japan refused to sign the big 3, it was all over. this was the prior year to yours.

randy: 6/36

junior: 6/60

arod: 6/80

the deal was that all 3 had to be signed or none of them would do it - junior was pissed that alex was getting more, but that was it. 

you have to remember, boras was pissed when the m's backed out of this plan. seattle got played. with all of the talent leaving - bam! scare the voters into a new stadium. 

none of them really wanted to leave, but when they saw how it was, they did. what would you do? make token offers to guys after the pr goes bad, albeit ones you know good and well will never be accepted. but hey, you can say "well, we tried", right?

there was never a serious negotiation after lincoln was shut down by yamauchi. remember - the collapse of this deal came because he couldn't be convinced *why* it mattered. this is basic knowledge. dude knows nothing about baseball.

also, this is the problem with seattle sports. both papers and kjr are way too fucking cozy with the teams they cover. everyone in seattle believes some sort of idiotic bullshit about penalties in the super bowl when you've lost by 11, the sonics leaving and not being able to retain the big 3. it's all misinformation.

no one tells the truth and no one can handle it. no one says "sadly, the reason you don't have the big 3 is because your owner, **who specifically stated he knows nothing about baseball**, actually knows nothing about baseball." 

no one believed the sonics would leave. everyone thinks it's all about money with arod or cincy with junior. alex was willing to sign for less, but that window closed. he wanted voidable years - he would have been paid. the m's could have finished off the yankees at some point and made a run at a title. 

the lazy answer is that arod only cared about money. the true answer is that boras is never lying about what he can get for a player, the mariners didn't even make a legitimate effort to sign him the first time, let alone the second and it was easier to make alex look bad than admit that seattle has a team without people who know about/care about baseball running it.
as an angels fan, i like. the name change(s) was pretty silly.
it's funny, i was just commenting on arod and boras, but it's the same thing. the only way to beat boras is to deal with him at least 1 year before his client hits free agency. if you don't, you're hosed.

what that guy does (and manages to keep secret) is so damned collusive, he should be banned. he already knows who will pay albert $300m and god help them if they stand him up because no other client of his will go there and his current clients will demand insane money to stay.

he is awful.
i'm pretty sure prado is better than you are making him out to be. we had to get rh power somewhere... infante and dunn for uggla? uh... yes please. prado is a consummate team player and moved to lf for the good of the team. the pressing need was a rh power bat and we got it at an extremely low cost. mission accomplished. as for the notion of uggla "cashing in" on 20 points better in his average... what does that even mean? i'm pretty sure that had nothing to do with the braves' decision. 
i understand what you're saying, but i call it the "chris gomez effect"...

chris gomez...or say david segui could make you think they were excellent fielders.

one problem.

they never did jack shit.

range, taking risks, you name it - they weren't wizards, they just didn't bother making plays they could not.

bonds was, and i say this as a huge bonds fan, probably the worst lf i have ever seen. the fact they kept him out there for so long really speaks to the affection the team had towards him.

any other team would have moved him to right or first years earlier.

and i'm not arguing with you that he wasn't a liability. chris gomez wasn't a liability. david segui wasn't a liability.

but you know what? none of them were an asset, either.

if the 2b is playing shallow and a ball is hit up the 2b side down the middle, derek jeter might make that play. he might knock it down. he might make it worse. but chris gomez would be lucky to cover 2nd if the 2b had the ball.

the chris gomez effect.

the problem is these stats don't vindicate bonds. he neither helped nor hurt his team in the of. he didn't take risks to help them or hurt them.
/r/relationship_advice

hope i can help

;d
the cancer that is me
niehaus was terrible. he had a catchphrase and that was it. 

for me, anything south of i-90 is full of animal molestation and green river killers.
i'm glad you said that.

"i'm dave niehaus and i'm here to read the phone book...and we just finished with the letter 'a' and now we'll be moving along to the letter 'd' **fly away letter d**, oh wait, it's the letter 'b' next, caught before the warning track."

that about sums it up.
i know that i can get one person who's logo isn't an angels one that will agree that this joke is hilariously overused.
the overused joke of the super old of the why are people still talking about this of the do you know angels fans don't like the name either?
*that was a bitchslap about 2 years ago, when this joke was first used
my only regret is that i have but one upvote to give.
it's just you.
that's pretty bold because i don't see that for rollins at all
does bold mean flat out not going to happen? not trying to rain on your prediction but lee has hit 50 doubles (and it was exactly 50) once in his career, and that was in 2005 when he wasn't 35...
upvoted for grady-gratuity

also for twins love :d
we are going to the world series. 

keep the faith. 



i'm not sure where you're getting your numbers from. all the links below suggest that the payroll went *up* this year due to the structuring of a number of contracts. people keep being shocked that the mets didn't make any moves this off-season, but we haven't been able to *dump* any contracts yet. perez, castillo, beltran etc. are still on the books. next year, though, a lot of money will be free. 

http://bleacherreport.com/articles/592010-sandy-alderson-states-this-years-payroll-is-significantly-higher-than-they-want

http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424052748704570104576124682504140602.html

http://www.metsblog.com/2011/01/11/note-mets-arbitration-and-the-2011-payroll/
justin smoak will hit .280 with 30 homers.  ichiro will extend his 200 hits streak, and figgins will hit .290.  unfortunately these bold predictions are all i see plausible for my mariners.
bold, but not going to happen.  i even have a hard time seeing both lee and doc winning 20 games.  let alone hamels winning 20 first time in his career and an old oswalt.

and rollins is gone regardless.  hes 32 and the phillies will only attempt to keep utley, if they can even do that with how much cash is wrapped up in lee doc and howard.
oh, and hamels is in his contract year.  if your bold prediction rings true hes in for a huge pay raise.  
this happened to me in 2007.  we had sabathia, westbrook, carmona...
and who did i see every time i went?  paul byrd.  it even happened in the single playoff game i went to.  
this was my dilemma when sanchez sucked for the giants.  if i could only go to one game a certain week it was always sanchez.  

last year i could only go to one game  the entire year while visiting family while living in japan -- of course it was sanchez and he pitched like the old him.

when he sucks he's one of the most frustrating pitchers to watch.
i remember watching david segui play but don't recall too much about chris gomez, so looked them up ...

gomez had a negative dwar almost every season of his 16 year career -- was his defense talked about a lot?  i don't really recall.  (-11 dwar for career).

david segui looks like he was a lot better but still a pretty below average defender (-4 for career).

barry bonds was +20.4 dwar for his career.

bonds was a 4-tool for much of his career, (he never had a strong throwing arm).  his speed and defensive range were gone around 2000 but uzr was still friendly to him.  he was always a smart baseball player -- taking the best route to the ball and knowing where the ball needed to be compensated for his lack of arm in the 90s and helped him when his knees failed in the 2000s.

&gt;bonds was, and i say this as a huge bonds fan, probably the worst lf i have ever seen.

at best this is a very dubious statement.  there were worse lfers fielded by the giants last year.  i don't know how old you are or what games you watch but i'm 26 and i can swing a dead cat and hit a worse lfer than barry bonds.  lf is where teams sometimes/generally "hide" their worst defenders.

bonds was not going to play 1b -- the giants generally fielded a very competent 1bman there, (or supremely competent in the case of jt snow) and asking bonds to play rf at pac bell (att) park would be a stretch.  it's not a normal rf -- there are ridiculous angles and bounces to deal with and then triples alley.  lf was the best position for bonds when pac bell was completed.

&gt;he didn't take risks to help them or hurt them.

toward the turn of the century and beyond, no giants fan wanted wanted bonds to take many risks.  our offense rested on his shoulders.  the giants simply could not afford for him to be injured.  when bonds eased up on balls in the gap it was because he knew running faster wouldn't turn a double into a single and he knew a triple wasn't  possible.  i saw bonds make a fair amount of diving plays even into his 40s -- and each time the stadium held their breath until he stood up.  nobody wanted bonds to take risks in the 2000s -- the entire team was on his shoulders.  

barry won eight gold gloves in the 90s and while gold gloves are not the end all defensive measure, voters just don't throw eight at you because they feel like it.  for many years bonds helped the pirates and the giants with his glove as well as his bat.  

to say bonds didn't help his team in the outfield is simply incorrect by any measure i can find (as well as my own eyes and reporters' eyes) for much of his career.
do you have a pic? i want one too.
jesus.
i know its disgusting....
don't just beg to differ, demand to differ.
i didn't say anything about this year's payroll, i know we're still on the hook for some bad contracts, which is what i mentioned. next year, only about $88mil is committed thus far, and from what i've heard not much of what is coming off the books is getting put back in. a quote from your first link: "and now, our general manager tells us that the $140-$150 million projected lineup is significantly higher than what they want."
... what?
i lived in charlotte for a decade and now raleigh - i too remember those days when the braves were *everywhere* and the games were on tbs.

don't get me started on panthers games.
ahh. saturday afternoon baseball may be the best thing ever. 
jacoby ellsbury will play the full season without injury and boston fans and media will forget that they officially anointed him the team's whipping boy. this will make me happy.

papelbon will be run out of town mid-season. every bad word spoken about nomar and manny will be repeated with his name attached instead. this will make me sad.

have i mentioned that i hate the boston media and the blithering idiot fans that take their cues from them? and the front office which loves to bash players on their way out (and in the cases of daisuke and ellsbury, guys still on the team) doesn't help at all. 
keep this shit in /r/furry/ where it belongs.
well someone must like it, because it's still there.
he's up for [most awesome mascot](http://www.cartoonnetwork.com/tv_shows/hallofgame/vote/mascot/index.html) in some cartoon network awards show. [vote](http://www.cartoonnetwork.com/tv_shows/hallofgame/vote/mascot/index.html) early and often.
haven't you ever heard the expression "the teacher has become the pupil"? *that's exactly the situation we have here.*
all cubs fans should be intimately versed in *revelation*.
annnnd it's a great way to stay in shape.
haha, hey, i think he's great. he's my favorite cub. also you're a mets fan? didn't see that coming
4th row, 2nd column.
brad lidge has one.
what's that?
it's similar, but the mets' ny is a little more compressed while the giants' logo was wider.

[giants ny](http://www.sportslogos.net/images/logos/54/86/thumbs/7273.gif)

[mets ny](http://www.sportslogos.net/logo.php?id=hx1e7lwmayecgb6h4gg5t4rz6)
good for him, but does anyone else think this might be overpaid? this was a discussion all year last year, i think 2010 was an outlier. he was fantastic last year but i just think toronto is being a bit optimistic. but hey, i hope he does well. 
well at least fox sports north's coverage is really good in my opinion.
prediction: dodgers pick up michael young and stick him at 2nd base, until casey blake gets injured midseason, prompting a callup of ivan de jesus and stick him at ss, between furcal and young. all three excel. loney has another enigmatic year. dodgers outfield stays healthy, kemp has a huge year, and barajas belts 25 home runs while hitting .210. dodgers still lose the division by 12 games due to chaotic management.
don't worry, you got the assist for my upvote.
the only one of those i would consider really bold is the nishioka one, however all of them happening together would be **really** bold.

i am still sad to see guerrier and crain gone :(

edit: oh, and the zillion homeruns thing, that seems a little out there.
yeah, he really timed his lucky year well. good for him for being able to leverage that season, but i absolutely think that the jays overpaid. (at least they got rid of the wells contract to make this seem like less of a burden?)
the mets and yankees each have 1 game per week on local new york broadcast channels.  yankees on fridays, mets on sundays (if they're not on espn).
man what a clown shoe.....
i was kind of hoping they would let him walk at the end of the year. at least they should hold off negotiation until the end of the season. he still needs to prove that last season was not a one-off deal.
come on - it's not like he's kyle kendrick.
can read about it [here](http://www.cnn.com/2011/sport/02/17/cabrera.dui/?hpt=t2)
oh yeah...and hooray!!!

edit:  on his facebook page, pod vader said his replacement will be announced on tuesday, march 1st.
link to source?
this confuses me.  it says he was arrested *on suspicion* of dui, and not an actual dui.   just for open container in car and resisting arrest without violence.  so did he blow below the legal limit once back to the station or what?


also, i lose all respect for athletes or celebrities that pull the "do you know who i am?" card.
what an asshole.  i wish people would just keep it together, especially people that have as much talent and ability that this fellow has.
yeah that's what i was thinking, he came out of nowhere with those numbers last season.  i hope he can maintain though, i really like toronto
- cole hamels will be the most dominant pitcher in the starting rotation and will win the cy young in the nl. 
- roy halladay will have an 'off' year, winning less than 20 games and having an era slightly over 3.0
- domonic brown will not make the opening day roster. he will get an opportunity to join the team mid-season like he did last year. 
well, you can't really say the guy was driving under the influence until he's been convicted of it.  it's that whole innocent until proven guilty thing.
i'm still cringing about this.  maybe i'll feel better tomorrow?  to me it sort of just seems like we replaced wells insanely bad contract with this potentially almost as bad contract.

of course if bautista performs at last year's levels for the next 5 years it'll be worth it.. but what are the chances of that.

sigh.
he refused to blow.  
agreed.  not feeling so good about this.
local articles for context.  

* [mlive](http://www.mlive.com/tigers/index.ssf/2011/02/tigers_miguel_cabrera_charged.html)

* [detroit news](http://detnews.com/article/20110217/sports0104/102170423/tigers--cabrera-charged-with-dui--resisting-arrest-in-fla.)

* [detroit free press](http://www.freep.com/article/20110217/sports02/110217016/tigers-miguel-cabrera-charged-dui-florida?odyssey=tab|topnews|text|frontpage)
not only that, but it's especially frustrating when celebrities or pro athletes get dui's.  it's not like they can't afford a cab.  hell, he could have rented a stretched hummer limo driven by strippers to take him home and not thought twice about it.  instead, we get this.
not really -- even the "dodger trolley" the dodgers put together a few years back was a small bus. :) now they have a larger bus called the "dodger stadium express" which goes from union station up the hill to the stadium.

http://www.trolleydodger.com/2010/05/21/dodger-stadium-express/

it's so sad to look back on the old pacific electric red car days -- la had an amazing mass transit system that went all the way from the ocean out to the inland empire 60-70 miles east and back. of course, they have metrolink and a relatively good bus system now, so it's not the complete transit wasteland some might think, but it's no bay area.

on a side note, i still need to get out to ride angels flight funicular:

http://angelsflight.com/
kendrick isn't getting any attention because unlike last year he has nothing to compete for. rich dubee confirmed on day one that blanton would be the #5 starter. kendrick will be in the bullpen unless one of the starters gets injured.
i'm not a big fan of regional/state team names like the minnesota twins, new england patriots, golden state warriors, carolina hurricanes. 
outlier? maybe. certainly statistics, sabremetrics, and all logic indicates this may not be a new trend but moer or less something that just happened. 

however, you have to account for non quantitative factors:
- his swing

- his approach

- his style or training regime

- his mental toughness, confidence, mental focus

those are things you can't easily measure in terms of results. one thing you also should focus on...he didn't hit 54 home runs gently over the wall because the rogers centre seems to have a wind tunnel in rf b/c it's a new stadium, he destroyed a lot of these balls. he launched many of them, he even opposite fielded a homer in target field. this guy has some sort of new found power.

i like paying this guy. good attitude, good arm in the outfield, good versatility, good person. sure a lot of those things can be siad about alex rios and vernon wells, but jose really helped us out last year and aa talkeda bout the character of the person vs. the past results. he's betting on jose being motivated to achieve and having the right attitude.

again though, that can also be said about vernon wells. 
i did not get the impression that he was playing that *card*: “do you know who i am, *you don’t know anything about my problems*.”
we like you guys too. minni always shows us its possible to win without overpaying :). as a brief side note, i ran into ron gardenhire during a twins/jays homestand at a starbucks, he talked to me for a few minutes, phenomenal guy.

...first week of the season though, you and all of your players suck! :)
let this play out. im sure jose will do really well. the one thing we have to pray doesn't happen is that human nature takes over and he tries harder and harder and breaks a lot of good habits he had last year.
&gt; reportedly took a drink from a bottle of james buchanan's scotch whiskey in front of deputies

i smell an endorsement deal!
*home run derby 2010 in laa*

*reporter*: so miguel, what's the current plan for you to succeed in this event in such a pitcher friendly park?

*mc*: the plan is to....to go deep!

*awkward silence and looks from wells, swisher, hart, etc.*
a ring. 
this is an awesome shirt. though jarrod weaver is the single reason i love the angels.
oh, yeah. why are you bringing that up?
even then, worley might be better than kendrick.
the ability to hit a baseball doesn't liberate him from every conceivable problem in the world.
kendrick is better suited to the bullpen. i apologize i was thinking about phillies pitchers who have rings. 
mlbtv.  best investement ever.
they can read?
completely agree with the mlb.tv point... but sadly i live in an nl only area... so i don't get to see them play here ever :(
yeah. i'm not a kendrick fan. actually, he's better suited [to get coffee](http://twitpic.com/m2v5r)
he could have hired 2 lawyers to come and drive him home. forget a cab. *lawyers*
this is a sad story. i truly hope this guy gets the help that he so obviously needs.
agreed.  the entire broadcast team is solid.  ron coomer and anthony lapanta are the nicest guys in real life.  a buddy of mine and i usually chat with them at twins games whenever they aren't broadcasting.  they're cool as hell.
i may bite the bullet and get it.
in the past, every sunday twins game was on broadcast tv.  doesn't look like that will be the case anymore.
while i agree it's frustrating for fans to see these people we hold in high regard betray our trust, we also must realize a lot of these people grew up poor in developing countries. and just because they can hit a baseball doesn't mean they have the intellect or emotional maturity to handle all that comes with the fame and fortune thrust upon them.  it's akin to all the lottery winners that can't handle life after their big win. i know mlb tries to help the players out with financial guidance, but that can only go so far.
http://media.mlive.com/tigers_impact/photo/9296521-large.jpg

most ridiculous mugshot...
it's not biting a bullet at all, 120 for the whole baseball season, that's cheaper than an hd sports package for the 6 months with any provider.

(or split it with a friend like i always do)
a lot of guys are bullish on woba and rc+ for hitters.
my nickname for him has always been the evil teddy bear. that guy just gives me the creeps, i can't explain it. i will be going to all 4 games they play against the padres in april, so hopefully i will only have to see him once this season! 
i'm kind of sick of the trend of massively rewarding a player who had one good year. how many contracts do we laugh about now because some recognizable-but-no-name player has one breakout year, gets like a 6/80 contract, and goes back to however he performed before it?

granted, dude had a great year (i really love his 100 walks). but look at his career before it. he's only played &gt; 127 games one other time in his other 6 years and has never cracked .760 ops. granted, give the dude a raise, but to suddenly quintuple/sextuple his salary and sign him for 5 years.. i hope this doesn't become another one of those dreifort-type deals. one overrated (not even very good mr. 1.46 whip) season and the dodgers were still paying for it years and years later when the dude wasn't even playing. :p

i'm a big cubs fan, and probably why i'm bitter, with the plethora of shit contracts they have.

even for the hometown rocks, signing cargo long term for big money after 1 season was really risky, i'm just really glad they didn't go something like 8/150. that risk is probably reasonable. i'm more worried about tulo and his injuries. but, the rocks may be regretting both of those in 2-3 years. you never know how things play out.

**tl;dr**: big contracts tend to suck.
i am enraged that the sunday afternoon games will no longer be broadcast on a local channel. i undertsnad that this is good news for those people that already have cable, but those sunday games were the only ones i was able to watch. now i'll have to go to a bar or find a stream somewhere.

this got me thinking, how many other markets have games available on local broadcast channels? are most teams only shown on cable?
seriously, blanton is a big reason the phils won the series in '08.  he's a solid pitcher.  he'd be an ace on a few teams, and a solid two or three on most.
if no field sobrity test is done then its suspicion. in the long run though, failing to take one is basicly admiting you where drinking. 
the ability to run with a football does, though.
i got used to him, but the constant name dropping got a little tiresome.
only trendy beer labels and ikea instruction manuals.
or get pranked...
haha, has anyone read the related articles on this website. they're all tongue-in-cheek. this one's funny too:

http://www.phillygameday.com/2009/12/phillies-dealt-cliff-lee-to-replenish-candy-bowl-in-lobby/


this one too:

http://www.phillygameday.com/2011/02/kyle-kendrick-declares-self-in-worst-shape-of-career/
i hope you're right, i'm just a natural pessimist.
owar, orar, woba, obp, wrc
are those hospital scrubs?
wish i could be. alas, i am a cubs fan from afar.
pitching: fip (fielding independent pitching). this is built around the idea that pitchers have no control over a ball in play (most hang around the .290 average for balls in play, or revert to it if they had one season above or below). so they should be judged strictly on strikeouts, walks, and home runs allowed. fip used only those inputs and it _ought_ to predict a pitcher's era for the next season better than his last season's era does.

problems with fip: home runs allowed is a "luck" stat itself, sometimes. a pitcher can give up a ton of fly balls and see most of them drop into outfielders' gloves in one season, but more drop into the bleachers in the next. xfip corrects for this by considering home runs per fly ball allowed.

of course, home runs per fly ball may be partly luck and partly skill. clay buchholz had 5% hr/fb last season, which is way below his career rate, so i'm worried he might bounce back up. but what if he really has changed his approach and pitched more like matt cain? cain has maintained a 7% career rate, below the league average, for 5+ years.

there's an ongoing discussion about cain:
http://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/index.php/a-conversation-about-matt-cain/

so in conclusion, we're pretty sure strikeouts are good and walks are bad for a pitcher.
my favorite site for advanced metrics is http://www.fangraphs.com/
read a few posts and if it goes over your head, check out their glossary.  the site really makes advanced statistics approachable.  
the thought of pujols on the red sox makes my heart want to explode from excitement even if it is an incredibly far of possibility.
i don't think that's true either...
absolutely.  no respect.  he is the best #5 pitcher in all of baseball right now, has a ring when doc and lee don't, and was indeed a huge part of the whole '08 playoff run.  this is kinda funny though.
i agree. a player should have to prove a little more before being given 13mil per season.
we used to put on scrubs and drink in college. we called it "scrubbin". *those were the days*
which comes with all of the penalties of a dui without the actual charge (at least in some states). basically he will get probation, a fine, and a loss of license for a year+ but no risk of jail time or official charge...
i think that was an o.j. joke
oj seems to have plenty of problems, both internal and external...
i'm a big braves (and bmac) fan but i don't know about mccann being #2 on that list.. 

his 5 all-star appearances and placement on this list show the weakness at c in the league.
a rematch of the '89 world series (giants vs. a's) summons a devastating earthquake that opens a giant rift in the earth and jumpstarts the end of times prophesied by the mayans.
that fucking asshole. i was planing on using a keeper pick on him.
prediction: one way or another, the giants will add unhealthy amounts of stress to my daily life.
helps explain the weight gain over the last couple years. 
i know. but they were most likely referring to him being found not guilty for his murder trial (in case you didn't know)
what.
he posted the 11th best xfip in 2010 with a 3.06 era over 200 innings, he's 13th overall factoring in the last two seasons as well, including a bad 2009.  he's in the top 30 in respect to k/9 over those years and among the top 15 with the least amount of walks.

there's not too many teams that wouldn't have him as a #2, if not #1.  the phillies are a ridiculous exception to that fact.
looking for him to take some big strides this year. if he can grow up and give some quality set-up innings, the reds could be a tough team to beat down the stretch.
im hoping the reds dont push him into a starting role, i'm hoping they make him a dominant setup guy for now.
all i'm seeing is a discussion on the contract negotiations. where are the top 9 moments?

edit: never mind, i found it. i think [this](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=13114275) is the link you're looking for. 
i wish...moved out of chicago last october. enjoy!
"i don't always drink scotch, but when i'm driving, i prefer buchanan's."
this is why they have xfip which normalizes a pitches hr/fb rate to 10% (roughly). for most pitchers with a small sample size, it's a fair assessment. for guys who have a long history of limiting homers, it should probably be regressed to their career hr/fb%.
oh it is great for what you get, for sure.
i'm not arguing with your logic, i'm arguing with the logic of the statistic you're citing.

you're using dwar as an accurate representation of a player's helpfulness. i'm trying to make the point that you have to read it with context, not just literally. that's why i always use chris gomez for these arguments because absolutely no one would agree that gomez was a great player.

he was a .971 in fielding percentage playing most of his career at ss, but .975 overall for all positions including 2nd and 3rd. you have to admit, that is very nice for a middle infielder. then again, if you have no range, you're not going to bobble a ball because it's going to get through you.

keep in mind that in an apples to oranges comparison, barry was a .979 fielder. but let's take it one further. andru jones. he's a .986 fielder playing a harder position, cf. but what do we think of with andru jones? him letting a ball bounce instead of sliding for it. him waiting for a bounce off the wall instead of going up the wall. that was barry as well.

i saw barry play a lot. one of my all-time favourite players. and my lasting memory was "there goes barry being barry - he could have caught that"...no one is denying that he didn't have good tools or didn't know where the ball was going to be. will clark knew where every ball was going, but he was a 1b pure and simple. both knew how to leg out extra bases because they understood where balls are going.

same with chris gomez. he knew where it was going - that's why he didn't make the play on the ball. injuries were a factor as well, but in lf you want a guy who is going to make a lot of plays. with tons of rh hitters, he should be seeing a lot of balls hit his way.

ultimately, bonds would have/could have helped by moving and by playing a more aggressive style of baseball in the field. i admire his patience at the plate, but even that's a story of contention. how many walks does a power hitter need?
for hitters:
ops is decent for quickly getting an impression of who is average/good/really good, but it has a big flaw in that the two components are linearly added, but have different denominators.

woba, however, does not have that problem (it uses linear weights) and is adjusted to be roughly on the same scale as obp, so it's pretty intuitive.

wrc+ is woba scaled to the league average (100 = average), but also includes baserunning outcomes (sb and cs).

war conglomerates defense and offense into one number that attempts to give context to a players overall contribution to his team.

for pitchers:
xfip is pretty useful. it's somewhere else in these comments.

gb%, as these are the best type of batted balls a pitcher can get.

k/bb is always a useful ratio.
possibly. but what if he has a decent year this year? jayson werth parlayed a mere two full years into his ridiculous contract. in a sense all teams that pay out the nose for players are being optimistic. i don't see the bautista signing as out of line with the rest of baseball.
you're canadian, from toronto. i understand completely. :)
good thing the blue jays freed up all that vernon wells money so they could fit jose bautista into their budget.

one step forward, two steps back.
i'm a mercenary, man. i've lived everywhere and all of the teams i like move so...whatever.

i love marmol. that guy is out of his fucking mind going after people.

if trump buys the mets, it's over for me. that's where i draw the line.
i agree with you that he was a huge part of the '08 championship, but i don't think he's an ace quality pitcher on any team. regardless, he is getting disrespected by the media. did you see in the actual press conference when they started asking hamels something by saying "cole, you're the only one with a ring here. how does it feel to..." 

cole interrupts and goes, "joe has a ring." 

awwwkkwarrrdd. 
grady-gratuity. you clever twins fans.

twins are a great team to watch and have great fans. i love the entire al central. it's my nfc north of baseball ;d
they hire people to read to them.
even if just a few of those things happen, you would be contending for the ws crown.
i can see the .280, but i'm not sure about that 30 hr thing. i like him to get 20, though.

chone is entering the rickey henderson phase of his career where his obp will be better than his ba. you'll know it's eaten at his brain when he starts talking about himself with "chone this" and "chone thinks" and "chone wants"
i think joey bag-of-doughnuts is gonna have a big year, especially since he'll often be matched up with other teams' fifth starters.
[detroit free press](http://www.freep.com/article/20110217/sports02/110217016/tigers-miguel-cabrera-charged-dui-florida?odyssey=tab|topnews|text|frontpage).
wow.  i thought trying to get to 4 or 5 stadiums this year was ambitious!  i look forward to following these guys around the country.

i am planning to go to 2 opening days for the first time this year!  dc &amp; philly.
the vast majority of people who commit dui's don't commit them because they couldn't afford a cab.  it has more to do with an already established irresponsible attitude and poor judgement.  
i wouldn't say who gives a flying fuck, but i agree with you somewhat.

as much as the hampton/wright exchange worked out great...we're talking about a high caliber player in pujols...i think the chances of that draft pick panning out to be of equal or great quality than pujols is extremely slim...

but at the end of the day, a draft pick is better than letting him just walk away for nothing, right? 
what does dombrowski (tiger's gm) do?  this is the second public incident with him and alcohol.  he seems to have a serious problem.  however, the guy is 26, probably the best first baseman in the league, is on track for the hall of fame, and probably means more to his lineup than any other player in the bigs.  the tigers absolutely need him; they take second to last in the central at best without him.  not only that, he is due to get huge money.  you can't really cut him.  you can't really trade him.  the best you can do, is try to put a bandaid on this situation and hope he can produce this summer.  absolute nightmare for a gm.  
seriously. i had no idea it was this bad for him, especially the whole depression thing. 
the pirates will become a minor league affiliate for a to-be-determined major league team.
i always wanted to try this but never thought it could actually be done.
say that dead cat you swung hit...oh i donno, johnny damon?...he was definitely a much worse lf than barry.
even with a big regression this deal still looks pretty good.  and if in 2 years it looks bad they can just trade him to the angels.
as soon as ~~they fired~~ peter pascarelli resigned, the show went downhill real fast.  karabell is annoying enough, but seth everett was just a dog of bud selig.  i mean, i'm not sure how much you can expect from the worldwide leader, but pascarelli was fun to listen to on the way home from work.

they need a cynic to balance out karabell, so maybe they'll bring in someone to make the podcast listenable again.
this is a dream of mine, glad someone is getting to live it out.
i was just talking to a coworker about how i'm *going* to do this one year. i just need a friend to take the summer off with me.

shame that i travel so much, but i never get to catch a ballgame in any of the cities i make it to!
ah, yes. thank you. i didn't realize the url stays the same once you select a different highlight. anyway.. i still get goosebumps when i see albert crush the lidge offering into oblivion. 
chicks dig the long ball.
in florida it was an automatic 6 month license suspension. which was still better than the 1 year + you got if you blew over. it even said so on the back of my license. 
&gt;what are some of the ones that can give me a better insight into the game as well as the individual pitcher/batter matchups and situational hitting and pitching?

wpa (win probability added) is a wonderful stat for telling the story of a game.  fangraphs has a graph + spark line live for each game with this data.  that also shows li (leverage index) for pitchers.  i think it's a far better encapsulation of a game than a box score.

for matchups and situational hitting i don't think there's anything better than good old fashioned splits.  we are seeing a lot of new stuff come from pitchfx data which tracks each individual pitch.  hopefully soon we will see hitfx data which will track batted balls.  this will undoubtedly open up a huge amount of new statistical research.
geez, this must be rough on the tigers. it's a fortunate thing that they were savvy enough to also get dontrelle in that trade.
they now have to prove he was drunk before he was pulled over. since he was drinking after the stop, their may be reasonable doubt. i say it was a good move.
as a cubs fan, i will warn you not to get too attached to any young arm that dusty baker has any say over.
sexy lawyers, even. not those camryn manheim ones. boston legal ones. 
juliana fucking marguiles. 
i look at whip(walks+hits/innings pitched) and oba(opponent batting average) for pitchers. for hitters, i like to look at their obp (on base percentages) and obs (on base plus slugging ).

for matchup, you can look at their split average against lefty or righty. as for situation, look at lob, gidp, sacrifice bunt/flies. i don't really know a good stats that'll demonstrate good situation hitting.
moment #10 - receiving the world series mvp award in wrigley field.
his mechanics are strikingly similar to that of another member of red's camp, dontrelle willis. 

was dontrelle just a head case or was it something with his motion that contributed to his wildness?

is it just coincidence that they have offered him a minor league contract this year?


i like karabell, but i agree that the dynamic would be much improved by adding someone with a slightly darker slant.

my prediction is that mark simon will get the nod. it wouldn't really fall into pascarelli territory, but it might still be an improvement over everett.
he's actually in camp with the reds this spring - [see pic](http://ramsey.mlblogs.com/img_3299.jpg). 

reds pitching coach has said he thinks he's seen what the problem is with the mechanics and is gonna try and sort it out. he's currently fighting for a spot as a middle reliever. 
let's do it some year.
he's (marmol) is amazing, i love to watch him. mot exciting part of the cubs last year.
he's making starter money though. while i understand short-term relief, i really hope the long term effort is to turn him into a pitcher that churns out one quality start after another. 
we can only hope.
we should serious get a bunch of people who are interested in this together and work out how to do it.  the toughest part would be the driving.
&gt;i don't always drink scotch, but when i'm driving and taking swigs while talking to police, i prefer buchanan's.
even if he does go there, i think you guys may have yet another 100 years before we see another title in chicago. 
whip isn't a great stat because walks+hits allowed will directly impact the number of innings pitched.
and i think you meant ops instead of obs.
unless you want a major game there is no real reason to do this, especially this season.  that said, maybe...
so kid can't field bunts because of his disability. this was a non-issue at lower levels of play but will become an issue as he advances.
nothing to see here.
whoa.


&gt;&gt;best first baseman in the league



doesn't pujols play first base in the mlb?
gotcha. sorry, i mis-read you. i agree that i don't think we'll see $62 mil in free agent spending form the mets. attendance has dropped and my understanding that revenue has as well. sigh...
rbis were never a good stat for measuring anything. era isn't terrible but due to how errors get called and what constitutes an earned vs unearned run it can get wonky (especially for relievers). the problem is that era isn't great for predicting future success.

fielding statistics are notoriously weird and i don't really get them that well myself.

for hitting a simple slash line of avg/obp/ops can tell you a lot about a hitter in one glance. for pitching you can look at "old" stats like k/bb or "new" ones already mentioned in this thread like xfip.

also look up babip (batting average on balls in play) and see how it works. it can sometimes show you if a pitcher or hitter is getting lucky/unlucky, something that won't be reflected in obp or era.
i was referring to the american league.  but at this point, this incident notwithstanding, cabrera is probably the more valuable player because he is just entering his prime, whereas pujols is starting to erode a bit.  
i was hoping you weren't some delusional tigers fan. xd


it's a damned shame cabrera doesn't seem to realize what he might be losing as a result of his actions.
i'm not a blue jays fan, but i'm generally a fan of this deal. jose bautista was asking for $10 million in arbitration, and was likely to get that either from the arbiter or close to that from the jays. so it is really better to think of this along the lines of a 4/55 extension for 2012-2015.

now, is 4/55 an overpay for bautista? i doubt it. last season he came in at just shy of 7 war, and if the going rate from this offseason were to continue - with one war being worth roughly $5 million in free agency - then you are essentially paying him as if he's a 3ish war player going forward. even if you have him fall to earth pretty heavily, 3 war is a pretty reasonable expectation for what bautista will do going forward. 

there will be many comparisons to brady anderson, of course, but in the four years immediately following his 50 homerun season, brady anderson totaled 11.5 war (fangraphs), even while playing through a lot of injuries in 1997 and 1998. this deal is by no means an albatross for the franchise and has a pretty good chance at being a solid deal for the blue jays, even if bautista never hits anywhere near 50 hrs. it may not be a longoria-type deal, but hey, they can't all be.
chances of pujols going to the cubs 0%
marlins take the wildcard --- radical

josh johnson wins nl cy young --- not so radical

mike stanton hits 40+ hrs/100+ rbi --- i'm putting money on this

yeah, this.  i've seen the guy have some untouchable stuff before, with stats to back it up.
situational hitting isn't a skill.
to be honest, i think he does realize what he might be losing.  at the end of the '09 campaign he had an incident where he was drinking heavily the night before a game on the last weekend of the regular season.  the tigers nose-dived in the last 10 games that year to fall in a tie with your twins, which demanded that one game playoff in your dome.  that game, despite the gut-wrenching loss for tiger fans, was one of the most entertaining mlb games i've ever seen.  but the question every tiger fan wanted to know was why was cabrera out drinking/partying and getting into physical altercations with his wife during the last week of a season that had a lot of promise.

some reports from people close to him have suggested that he doesn't really love the game, it has just come really easy to him his whole life.  but he isn't a guy living a boyhood dream, he is an immensely talented guy following money and battling personal problems.  he hasn't embraced his talent and stardom like most elite athletes do.  
you're dave dombrowski. what do you do?
these projections are different than the projections bp has on espn.com.
good. he sucks.
any chance it'll be buster?
it's sad that i'd accept what used to be status quo.  get healthy kendry!  don't suck kaz!
first wait and see what the facts are.  there is speculation that there was another person in the car with him (possibly driving) before the police arrived.  but if what it looks like is true, then i would maybe make him go through a somewhat rigorous substance abuse program.  he never stated before that he had a real problem, and many people just thought it was a guy in his 20's exercising poor judgement.  but a repeat case, and the fact that he did this right before spring training, and the fact that he was so belligerent support the notion that he needs professional help.  dombrowski needs to protect his investment and give the guy everything he needs to get to a place where he can focus on baseball.  but you can't have him miss many games if any.  this lineup absolutely needs him, and much of what dombrowski has built in the last three years is predicated on having cabrera in the lineup every day and dominating.  but if need be, he needs to put a bandaid on it, an alcoholic cabrera who isn't at his best is still better than most players in the bigs and too much money has been spent and will be spent for dombrowski to get nothing. as a manager you have to ride this horse as long as you can, and if that is just delaying a real solution so be it.  the tigers can't afford cabrera taking two years off to re-wire himself and get it figured out.  

like i said, nightmare.  
i got to see a timmy game last year!!!*



*during the slump.
giants.  went to college in the bay area, caught a few games, loved the park.  plus any team that counts los doyers amongst their rivals i'm locked into loving.
oh crap, i just made a post about this. i didnt realize one already existed.
fail.
baseball prospectus is a fan of obp as an indicator of how good a batter is but even they point out its flaws. 
even after winning a world series the giants are one of the most underrated teams in baseball. but so are the rockies, so... i dunno, the west is gonna be a close 2-team race.
the jays like him as a person almost as much as a player.  as a financial burden, rogers is one of the richest owners so i don't think they worry too much about 15 mil/year.  it seems as if the gm knows something about him in the clubhouse that we don't and apparently his work ethic is impeccable.
it's better for in-season use and for projecting future performance than fip is, but if you want a backward looking statistic or if you're using a sample size of about 400 innings, i'd rather use fip.
v-mart and yadier can switch places. take napoli off end the list at 9.
if by "guys" you mean other sabermetricians, these guys may favor alternatives like tav (b-pro) or gpa (tht). but they're all roughly equal evaluation tools. those who still use win shares are behind the cutting edge.
they've been losing quality reporters/bloggers for about a year now. (not that this guy is or isn't) they just recently lost rob neyer who is my favorite baseball writer. he went over to work at sbnation.com which is awesome. it's my new favorite sports page.   :p

espn is garbage. has been for a long time.
hamels is a very good and underrated pitcher. not an ace, but he's still a star. he's kind of like a younger mark buehrle. better than average #2 on your staff.
really, the only games worth buying now are white sox, yankees and maybe cardinals games and summer weekends.  nothing else is going to sell out on the first day.  

after getting into a handful of games last year for under $20, i think i'm just going to use craigslist rather than wasting time waiting in line either at wrigley or online.  
actually, a comparison was made to carlos pena at another site, and that seems pretty apt. linkage!

http://www.fangraphs.com/graphsw.aspx?playerid2=934&amp;playerid3=1887&amp;playerid4=&amp;playerid5=
as an a's fan, missing the playoffs by a game. that's rough.
i'll start. best classic uni goes to the yankees. oddballs: 80's [houston astros](http://www.americanmemorabilia.com/pics/9971_01_th.jpg) , [stupid colors](http://dsp.imageg.net/graphics/product_images/pmlb2-7065743p275w.jpg) 
thats what wikipedia seems to say. "in 2005, new owner arte moreno added "los angeles" to the team's name in order to better tap into the los angeles media market, the second largest in the country"
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/los_angeles_angels_of_anaheim
wow that would be incredible. i'm getting a chubby just thinking about it. 
thank god someone would come out and say it. this is a story that makes you say "unfair!", but i am sure other kids that were cut have heart wrenching stories and other disabilities...the disability to play baseball well. 

the only people that came out and said it was unjust were the parents...a parent will never provide an unbiased opinion of their child-athlete. 

22 kids got cut. he had a weak ass 80 mph fastball at a competitive baseball school. he couldn't field bunts and there is no mention of his offensive ability. this isn't little league anymore, you get cut and tough shit.
well the hipsters are using rbis and winning percentage to measure players value, because it is ironic and counterculture.

kind like why the hipsters drink pabst.
if you want one stat for hitters, use woba, it encompasses everything an offensive player can do from a context neutral standpoint, even stolen bases and caught stealing. you really can't go wrong with woba, its as good as it gets right now.

pitchers are more complicated, on the other hand. agathos pretty much covered everything there is to say about fip, and all i can add is that if you're looking for a simple, quick and easy way to evaluate a pitcher fip does a good job, much better than era, whip, etc. another stat to look at for pitchers is tra or tera at either fangraphs or statcorner. it's more complicated, but essentially attempts to account for batted ball types to try to account for things that fip can't see. 

war is great in the right context, as in you have to know what it's telling you. for hitters, it's a pretty solid stat, both for predictability and past evaluation. the only issue it may have is its inclusion of fielding statistics, which can be hit or miss, depending on your point of view. for pitchers, fangraphs war is a great predictive tool, while baseball-reference's war is better used as a description of the past. 

tl;dr: the more stats you look at the better, and go to and read fangraphs.com if you really want to increase your baseball nerd level!
it's in a different subreddit — no worries.
i may not be a cubs fan, but i am a yankee fan living on the northside and i don't think i will be there on the 25th, but who knows i might be. 
wins and losses
get a room you two. 
on a serious note, woba is a great stat for looking at hitters.

fip is good but it is very simplified and only includes strikeouts, walks, hbp and hr when there are many other things that happen in a game.

this is why i like tera which uses linear weight (like woba) for batted ball out comes. it is a very good stat in my opinion and it is scaled to era like most other pitching stats to make it intuitive.

you can find more about it at statcorner.com
matt cain, enemy of sabr.
are you just generally musing, because neither woba or rc+ currently use win shares (honest question).  i still woba is an excellent "rubric" stats, as the op wanted a general replacement for ba/obp, and woba lines up almost directly with league obp, so it's trivial to grasp.
i'm not saying that the ownership can't handle it, it just makes them less inclined, say 4 years down the road, to spend that little bit extra on an upgrade player over someone they've already got. most team owners can handle a higher payroll, they just want to cut it off at some point (i'm looking at the pirates here as the most extreme example.)

and yeah, i'm totally fine with good clubhouse guys, plus fans seem to like him... but going by his stats historically, it is an overpay. i don't want to sound like i don't want the guy to cash in, i just think that there are viable alternatives out there who wouldn't cost the team quite so much. but if the team wants him that much, they should go for it.
ahh rainbow jerseys how i love thee....

the toughest part would be getting 2 months off of work :(
i see that name and the first thing that comes to mind is the infamous baseball card.  ahhhh....to be 14 again.
only 91 wins for the phillies? halladay, lee, hamels, oswalt plus a strong lineup (even without werth). they should win more games.
you could have randy johnson 2.0 on your hands, and you want to leave him in the bullpen?
i got it one year only to find that most of my home teams games were blacked out... :(
i can't see the padres winning 80 this year. 
2009?
the phillies had a 99 ops+ in 2010.  their offense will take a hit with an older utley and howard (the phillies are the oldest team in baseball), ruiz hit *way* over his head despite how much the city loves him (.335 babip vs .280 career? he's 31.), and domonic brown carries the hopes and dreams of the future, but it's unlikely he'll be anything but a downgrade from werth next season.  not to mention that the bullpen is brad lidge, ryan madson, chad durbin and jose contreras, and the bench is not nearly strong enough to bear the weight of the fact that every starting position player save brown is over 30.  91 wins is excellent.  signing lee just distracts from the fact that there are gaps elsewhere on the team.
as an astros fan, i already knew what the #1 moment was going to be.
fangraphs is where all of these stats are available? will mlb.com or the teams page have these stats ready to look at or will i need to do a little more mining to find them?
he throws hard, but do you really think he's dominant? i remember roy halladay, a career .141 hitter, getting a hit off of him in the playoffs. i think it seems like he might have a ways to go still. am i missing something?
send him back to the a's we'll take him..
you can't do better than the [classic cardinals look](http://exhibits.baseballhalloffame.org/dressed_to_the_nines/detail_page.asp?filename=nl_1969_stlouis.gif&amp;entryid=1149). my least favorite is a toss up between the [purple duds the diamondbacks wore](http://exhibits.baseballhalloffame.org/dressed_to_the_nines/detail_page.asp?filename=nl_2001_arizona.gif&amp;entryid=1982) and the [stunningly boring mariners models](http://exhibits.baseballhalloffame.org/dressed_to_the_nines/detail_page.asp?filename=al_1990_seattle.gif&amp;entryid=1678) of the early 90s
downvoted for calling more relevant stats "hipster"
i wish i couldve double upvoted you for that one
this one? http://cardboardicons.com/2009/01/05/card-of-the-day-1992-upper-deck-bloodlines-gary-sheffield-and-dwight-gooden/
fangraphs will have all of those, their version of war is calculated slightly differently from how baseball-reference calculates it, and i believe their version of tra is slightly different from statcorner's version too. but yes, fangraphs does have all of that, and more, including several defensive stats, and wpa and some leverage based stats. the glossary at fangraphs (http://www.fangraphs.com/library/) should be a huge help if you're interested in learning more about all that they have on their site

oh, and mlb.com does not have anything above the basic ba/obp/slg, era/whip type stats
i can't see the giants winning 90, either.
and johan santana gave up a grand slam to felix hernandez.  the only other hit felix has in his career is a bunt single.
fair point
i, personally, think 2 months is pushing it, depending on the schedule.  three months seems more reasonable, imo.  :(
a lot of these sabermetric stats like uzr are great for accuracies sake, but they are too esoteric for most of the baseball public.

i like for pitchers k/w (strikeout to walk rate) and ra (runs allowed without worrying about "earned" subjectivity) are ideal.  they are a better measure of player performance without losing touch with the rest of the baseball world.

for hitting, obp and slg are still the best for taking a snapshot of a players skill level.

edit: fixed atrocious spelling
and while we're on the subject of the nl west, i can't see my dodgers winning 87...
in aaa lville last year he was 9-6 with a 3.50 era. i don't think he has the control yet to be a major league starting pitcher. dusty also has a reputation for overworking pitchers and ruining careers. leave him in the pen another year. have him be a spot starter. i just don't think he is ready to be a starter. 

*edit randy johnson did not start his first game till he was 25, chapman is only 22.*
he was 2-2 with a 2.03 era over 15 appearances. not too bad for a rookie. i do think he will be a dominant pitcher. your roy halladay reference really does not mean much. pitchers get hits every once in awhile, the reds as a whole had a terrible series. i agree he has a ways to go till he can be a sp, but in terms of a dominant mr, i think he can do it this year. hell his fastball might break the bounds of science! 
yeah. i shouldn't have brought that up. that's probably what earned me that downvote. tough crowd *tugs collar* anyway, what i should have asked was doesn't he only have 2 pitches? or to be even less accusatory: how many pitches does he have, and what are they?
he has a wicked fastball, and a mediocre slider i believe. i agree that will be a problem for him, but maybe he has been working on that in the offseason. with his kind of stuff, he can still be a dominant bullpen pitcher. if he wants to be a dominant starter, he needs to get some movement behind his pitches.  
a girl did this last year, too.  you can read back on all her fb group posts about her trip.  awesome girl.

http://www.facebook.com/pages/30-fields-in-90-days/236853602307
yeah, a one and a half pitch repertoire isn't super. any news out of st about any new pitches?
none yet. they only reported yesterday. the pitching coach says he has found the flaws in his throw and are working to correct it, but there are quite a few people fighting for the sp rotation. we cant all have 4 aces and the best 5 man in the league. 
accounts are quick &amp; easy to create :d

/kidding
going? or winning?

where's the faith, come on!
or...cooler before it went mainstream? :) come on, glass half full :)
hey, i didn't mean to seem disrespectful, i was poorly informed, and then asked some questions, got some answers. if it were my team, i'd send him down, get him up to 2 and a half to 3 pitches, and bring him up, see how he does. 
thanks for the info. it's really great to see that i'm feeding my addiction slowly :). i loved that post a while ago about fip, 
one must be realistic now, i'll settle for getting swept again. 

hated how the nl ended, loved that you guys won, if we can find a cody ross its possible for us too!

the cast lacks a hot sideline reporter like kimberly jones of the yes network, or heidi watney of nesn. she should replace inkimikowski or smalley. christ, they have 4 - four - ex twins on staff.
i've looked and looked but i cannot find the one picture i took while getting it done. it is the logo (not the gangstafied "la") on my left shoulder. about the size of my iphone.
nah. some hollywood rip off.
billy beane could slip into his house at night and get him and return home before anyone knew he was gone.
rbi is alright...you could measure advanced runners or hits with men on base, but i know as a directional hitter, i always used the lanes open to me with a man on 2nd or 3rd while i would try hit the ball harder with someone on first. i would also try to draw walks in that situation, but not the former.

rbi matters because it still tells you what a hitter does to get runners home. the problem is that it just doesn't tell you enough. but it's like adding 173.1834 and 26.8012...just saying it's 200 is fine. you don't have to give a precise answer for most people.
i said it in a friendly way. darn text, you couldn't tell my emotion. in all honesty i love the team the phils have put together. great team. before i call weather i want to see him up or down, i want to see what happens in spring training. 
i thought he retired a couple of years ago.  how is this news?
it's a *start*.
"i am sure it will be mentioned and debated but from my standpoint i know who is in the hall of fame," sheffield told the newspaper. "a lot of them don't belong in the hall of fame. if someone wants to debate me, check the stats." it's good to see he's still an arrogant asshole.
slowpoke's response is credited.  i'd just add that the new fielding metrics, particularly uzr (which is included in fangraphs war, or fwar) can be pretty accurate if you work with a big enough sample size.  if you look at someone's uzr over the last three years, you can be pretty confident that it represents his true talent level, give or take a few runs.

also baseball prospectus has a new stat for pitchers called siera that's supposed to be pretty good - similar to tra.  other than that their stats aren't as good as fangraphs.  basically you can't go wrong with fangraphs.
besides trying for a sac fly, hitting to right/left field or am sure a few other situations where specialized skills assist hitting.
the rays, twins, and rangers projections are surprisingly pessimistic.
well, he's right. he's better than a lot of guys in there.
he stopped getting signed a couple years ago. its news cause hes got 500 homers
with some help along the way
it's way too dependent on how good the rest of your lineup is.  a guy hitting in the middle of a great lineup can rack up rbis even while having a lousy season.
this would be funnier if we werent owned by rachel phelps
this is annoying.  5 years ago they were paying us to go to phils games.  damn frontrunners.  (this is coming from a life-long fan).  guess i can't complain having such a good team though.
lol.
"you got traded for a fuckin' hot dog eater!"
maybe, but he was never suspended or proven, so i don't see how you can hold it against him. manny ramirez is the only hof-caliber guy to have been suspended. well, raffy palmeiro, too.
can't upvote this enough, obp&gt;&gt;&gt;slg.  woba is the best all around offensive statistic, imo.
fangraphs is phenomenal man just go read the blog and you'll catch up relatively quick.
watch him go right back to 17hr, .220 avg.  baseball contracts are so ridiculous.
its not suspensions that sway voters, the voters are old-timers that want only the right guys in the hall and i think gary will have a hard time getting the 75% he needs, regardless of whether he deserves it or not
slugging percentage. 
should read "los angeles dodgers of mexico"
if obp and slg are good, people will love ops
agreed, great ballplayer and probably worthy of the hall but is that any way to respond to that question 3 years before you're even eligible?
i have a book that chronicles a guy that does this, i think around 1985 or 86. i need to dig that book out again.
it's good for baseball, i like it.
am i still allowed to like baseball if i have no idea what any of you people are talking about?

i like it when they hit the ball yay *clap*
have you even seen his slider?  check out this (kind of terrible, admittedly) [analysis from the mlb network](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=11627825).

if you want to see more, just look up practically any of his highlights in which he strikes out a lefty.  it's absolutely cruel.
thank you for posting this.  a beautiful reminder why baseball is the greatest game in the world, and why i still feel like a 10-year old on christmas morning when pitchers and catchers report.
i'm glad that my first two thoughts (dunn and howard) weren't stupidly off the mark.
uzr's not that hard to understand. split the field into zones, then count how many balls a player gets to on defense and measure how much ground he covers. this is done by people working for stats inc, who watch every single play of every single major league game. excluding c and 1b, range is the most important skill a player can have on defense.

the caveat is that you need a three year sample, because a player gets about a third as many defensive opportunities (balls hit to him) as he does at-bats.
if the kid can't field bunts he can't field bunts. obviously his disability is the cause of that, but that doesn't mean he should be given special treatment because of it. it's the coach's job to field the team that he feels has the best chance of winning the game. if the kid's not part of it, that's a shame, but putting him on the team ahead of a kid who was better is discriminitory against the other guy. tough break for the kid, though, what a horrible story.
worst: turn ahead the clock uniforms.
&gt; *before i carl weathers i want to see him up or down*

ftfy
terrible pirates unis from the 70s/80s: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4026/4648943056_b8fa4ec0b7_b.jpg

best unis?  i'd have to say classic reds unis: http://exhibits.baseballhalloffame.org/dressed_to_the_nines/detail_page.asp?filename=nl_1971_cincinnati.gif&amp;entryid=1181
i like everything you have to say here. i would just add that i tend to forget about siera since it's behind the pay wall at b-prospectus, but yes, it's solid as well if you can access it.
gots me my game 1 &amp; 2 tickets today. could not be happier. 
giants fans could have told you that :p
got 3 tix each for 2 consecutive braves games in july. i will be visiting my stepson in central jersey who's a phils fan. really enjoy going to cbp even though i'm not a fan. great ballpark.
no we won't fuck off.

seriously he's like a right-handed dallas braden. only without the hood upbringing, so he's not as funny.
one of the biggest douches in baseball.  i hope his steroid taking ass never gets in the hall.
player dis-able to play his position, you wouldn't let him be a fireman would you?
good teams in good baseball cities sell more tickets. it works that way everywhere. always has, always will.
till someone pukes on you and your daughter. 
now that could ruin the experience.
&gt;as the mariners are the lone american league team yet to win a pennant.

sigh.

but in spite of that, thanks for the link!
i'm tired of everyone everyone killing ollie, the dude was hurt, it's hard enough coming back without everyone telling you you're shit. so if johan comes back this year and is terrible and hurts himself again, will he get the same treatment?

come on, give ollie a chance!
sheehan assumes the yankees would let sabathia walk. he cited the a-rod opt-out as an example of the benefit of the clause to players, but he fails to mention how the yankees handled it. what makes him think the yankees will just walk away? i know ownership wants to do things a little different with george gone, but there is no way they let sabathia walk. 
damn, i had my money on prior going down first.
not that i expected him to do much, but at least he could get through the first week of practice. . .

*edit*: he injured his lat not his arm.
a's take the division anyway :)
*and the mariners take one step closer to trolling their way into the playoffs*

&lt;_&lt;
i think he was on steroids when he came up and now he's paying the price. 
it *could* benefit the yankees. but the reality is that it won't and they can't afford to let him leave.
it's that kind of speculation that seems to be ruining the game.  what evidence, if any, is there to back you up?
i still remember that. he got alllll of it. 
the first time i saw those pirates unis were when they were showing all the highlights of blyleven when he got elected to the hall; really wanted to come here and post that.

instead, the toronto pajamas that apparently originated in the 80s. http://exhibits.baseballhalloffame.org/dressed_to_the_nines/detail_page.asp?filename=al_1982_toronto.gif&amp;entryid=1474  these uniforms get double-hate because they're what the jays were wearing when mcdonald took morneau out for the season :(

for faves, i kinda like the weird colorado ones with the sleeves.  you know the ones i mean.  i have no idea why.
good points. i didn't realize johnson started that late (and ended that late, for that matter). still, johnson's a freak. chapman pitches like one, but who knows if he'll last as long as johnson did. and that whole dusty baker thing: i fucking hate dusty baker. he's no excuse to keep chapman in the bullpen. the only thing he should be used as an excuse for is if you need an excuse to *fire dusty baker.*
&gt; it's good to see he's still an arrogant asshole.

yes, it is, with no sarcasm whatsoever.  i'll miss sheffield.

as for his hof chances, dick allen has been a great comp (bill james pointed this out &gt;15 years ago, right?), and remains so.  kevin brown, from the pitching side, too.  great player, great stats, but a pain in the ass who bounced around a ton, so he has no constituency campaigning for him for the hof.  (and steroids, like brown.  though in both cases, the players already had such a bad rep that the steroids haven't seemed to hurt them further).
who was the giants' young arm?
none. but that's how the body behaves when people go off steroids. 
the lat isn't the arm, dumbass.
*the principal reason for baseball injuries associated with steroid use is that the increase of muscle mass or increased speed associated with anabolic steroid use is not accompanied by a proportionate increase in strength of the **tendons, ligaments and joints**.*

muscle strains and pulls are unrelated and are in fact common in professional sports. 

also, tell me how my ass tastes.
i'd be pleasantly surprised if it happened. 
muscles are attached to tendons, ligaments and joints and all of these things undergo stresses as a result of steroid side affects. also weakening of the immune system is associated with inflammation in response to stress leading to muscle damage.  prolongation of wound healing is also a side affect of steroid use. 
rbis are completely situation dependent and tell you nothing about how good a hitter actually is. a leadoff guy is obviously going to have fewer rbis than a guy hitting 4th. this doesn't make the leadoff guy any worse or better than the guy in the 4 hole.

theo epstein, the gm of the red sox, even said in an interview that they do not consider rbis at all when looking at players. this nearly made the guys on 98.5 fm lose their shit because you could just tell they wanted to be like "but no! but but but but!..."

very good interview but not because of the interviewers. 98.5 is terribe.
steroids *affect* your health and cause side *effects*, dumbass. 
possibly a mike vick joke.
yeah, it'll be nice when the phillies go back to sucking; then they can puke on each other at eagles preseason games again =)
it's not that far away. they are handcuffed by so many crazy contracts to aging, declining players, it is silly. they have a few more years here, and then it looks like it'll be someone else's time to shine.

i am sorry the mets have been so disappointing, but it's what you get for ripping us off in the santana deal. carlos gomez? really? 
&gt;it's not that far away. they are handcuffed by so many crazy contracts to aging, declining players, it is silly. they have a few more years here, and then it looks like it'll be someone else's time to shine.

agreed, but i have to give them credit for being an awesome team for the time being.  eventually though, they will remember they are the phillies.  we can only hope there's a couple more chokes in there in the meantime and no more championships.

&gt;i am sorry the mets have been so disappointing, but it's what you get for ripping us off in the santana deal. carlos gomez? really?

what, you don't like phil humber?  =)  yeah, it was a lopsided trade, i just wish they did a better job of putting a great team around him.  he certainly hasn't been the problem.

seriously though, if you lived in new york during the time of that trade you would probably be happy the mets made that trade and not the yankees, based on the obnoxious shit being said on the radio.  "the twins suck, they're looking to break apart their team anyway, the yankees are gonna walk in and take santana for a few scraps and some shitty prospects, etc."  then all of a sudden when the mets got him, santana was a bum that no one wanted.

same thing they all did with cliff lee -- it's a foregone conclusion, he's a yankee, hand us the trophy now.  suddenly he goes to the sillies -- washed up bum.
he makes a good case that a three year contract for a pitchers 28-30 years without assuming the risk of his 31-34 years is an amazing deal. what he ignores is that ny has already taken on some of that risk but it has so far worked out well. if sabathia gets hurt today in spring training and can never pitch again they're still on the hook for those 31-34 years, so it is really a three year deal with four years of insurance (for cc) built in.

also, replacing cc wouldn't be easy. there is very little out there available for pitching, so when he says they could spend the cc money on someone else the proper question is "who?." add that they still need to replace pettitte and ny now needs two top pitchers from a tiny pool.

and relying on the farm is dangerous. chamberlain/hughes have shown that oftentimes guys never pan out (joba) and sometimes they take a while to be consistently good (hughes still isn't there).
mark prior still alive in yankee camp. only then will the season truly begin.
well, we were really only set back for a year or two anyways. the twins have a history of terrible trades, so i'm used to it (like when we traded matt garza for delmon young. that worked out). for now we're riding high on 2 straight division titles in the second weakest division in baseball!

it's cool though, target field is amazing, and as long as i get to watch baseball games there i don't care how bad the twins play. 
trouble with ops is that obp is worth a lot more (2.5ish?) than slg.  otherwise yes it's a good overall measure.
mark simon would be a **brilliant** choice.

he is really busy, but i would love for it to be him.

he's a mets fan, but he has near-zero bias.

for the record, who wouldn't be a better choice than seth?  i have trouble trusting someone who *will not* admit their fan loyalty.
i doubt he would commit to a daily podcast in addition to his job, but a buster olney and mark simon tag team with karabell would be made of pure baseball awesomes.
$100 million for 3 years could be a steal in 7 years after the hyperinflation kicks in.  kidding (sorta) aside, my bet is that albert sets the terms of his next contract, wherever that may be.
you have no basis to accuse a player of cheating. stop.
you're right about the use of affect as a verb and effect as a noun.  
i can express my opinion.
mark prior will, once again, lead the league in towel drills.
this isn't really an opinion kind of thing, like "do you think taxes should be higher." this is accusing a man of breaking not only the law, but the rules of the sport for which he gets paid millions of dollars to play. with absolutely no evidence other than the fact that he *like thousands of other pitchers* gets injured a lot. your claim *doesn't even pass the sniff test* because the actual science blatantly disagrees with your "evidence," as you clearly have no understanding of physiology or steroid's effects on the human body. 
**dental plan**
neyer is your favorite baseball writer?  ಠ_ಠ 
ah, spring.
yeah, i remember when he first came up and everyone was like ... "the big three is now the big four, the a's are gonna have an amazing rotation." that never happened, instead all we got was a couple years of the big three and a third.
the phillies organization has been very aggressive in selling tickets.  i buy in to a group for season tickets (17 games), and the guy who is actually purchasing the tickets from the park is pushed into buying all the tickets he got last year.  he isn't able to cut back seats.
do you think brett anderson or trevor cahill will pick up the slack? 
that guy's an idiot. if he only watches baseball for one guy, he can enjoy his time off by watching golf or bowling. you root for a team, not a player.
that was my initial reaction.  call the angels immediately.
no one can fault you -- rumor was he was going to sign an extension with the dl. 
&gt; eventually though, they will remember they are the phillies.

first professional team to 10k losses - we're number 1!
5 years ago the attendance was pretty solid... you'd have to go back to the early 2000's to see the really bad attendance figures.
15 games sold out already, and there are less than 5,000 tickets left for each of the remaining games? i guess i better buy some tickets now. it wasn't even close to this bad last year.
i wish i had enough upvotes to give this glorious title.
then i stand corrected.
winner. 
amen...i have never been a fan of dusty. 
your welcome. i get that feeling as well. just as the poem says "baseball is a dream that you never really give up on."
i'll always root for this guy -- i can't think of another player who i enjoyed watching as much as vlad during his prime up at olympic stadium.
and [here is ryan dempster doing an impression of him](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk7cx1ne4nq)
i'll miss him patrolling right field for that yankees, always two seconds away from a fight
nice try, aj
[hgh? what hgh?](http://cache.boston.com/images/bostondirtdogs//headline_archives/sheff_giambi_hgh_bdd.jpg)
hey, if the seahawks can do it ...
i definitely agree that someone is going to give pujols a huge, long contract, and maybe inflation helps some. that team just has to sit with the risk they take on. i also wonder if a team was guaranteed a world series title in his first 4 years, and also guaranteed that they would be stuck with an aging albert for 3 or 4 more, if they would do it.
this is exactly what my friend and i were talking about when he sent me this link. it's unfortunate, but there's a legitimate reason for him being cut. it's a little tactless for the family to make the coach out to be some kind of heartless monster because of it. 

will ohman's is pretty good.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzwjddtjtxw&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
commish, you might try crossposting to http://www.reddit.com/r/fantasysports as well.
he's a large part of what made me a fan of cubs broadcasts when i was young. i hated when we lost him.

my favorite stats are team stats. namely, wins and losses.
i think the whole point, for him anyway, is that pujols *is* the cardinals.  
august 1989, visiting my grandparents in florida, ungodly hot to the point where you can't bear to move, couldn't bear to watch the rickey and winnie-less yankees; i discover gn, the cubbies, and harry caray. when the games were competitive, it was great; dunston, jerome walton, grace, sandberg, maddux, all just emerging. when the game was uncompetitive, harry would talk about where he's going for dinner and it would be entertaing in a way only he and scooter could carry. baseball commentary misses those charismatic voices today. 
damit.  i must be thinking of someone else.  it was a card that had "fuck you" written on the bottom of the bat.  it was fixed after the initial print run.  
i am sad to see him leave our team.  i think the rangers still need his bat.
ok, that would be "fuck face".  billy ripkin, 1989.  http://www.snopes.com/sports/baseball/ripkencard.asp
that was actually my train of thought. we're not nearly as horrible as everyone makes us out to be so it's (very very very slightly) possible.
has it really been that long?  it seems like only a few years ago we lost him.  i'm sure i speak for a nation when i say 'he's the reason i like the cubs.'  during the summer there was nothing on tv the cubs played a more than average amount of day games.  i must have watched a lifetime's amount of baseball during the summers of 88-92, in large part to harry caray. i always loved it when the cubs played the braves because wgn and tbs were right next to each other on the cable and you could get two different perspectives on the same game
as a lifelong rangers fan, i was thrilled to see him leave our lineup.  this should be a great season.  the a's will be a very worthy opponent this year.  
already posted.
this isn't some elitist underground thing. we don't care that they're going mainstream. we want them to go mainstream. it would be exponentially cooler if people realized how dumb it was, for instance, to rate pitchers on w-l and started using advanced metrics.
nice try, royals fan
yeah i was reading a release on bailey at the same time, apparently mixed up the two. my mistake.
anderson has to stay healthy first. hopefully that happens. i wouldn't expect cahill to have the same season he did last year. his babip was absolutely ridiculous. as a sinkerball pitcher you might expect it to be lower than league average, but there's no way .236 is repeatable.
they've already reported it's not that big of a deal he'll still be slaying hitters like he did in '08.  the a's will finally rise from the ashes of '06 and play boston in the alcs. i don't know after that.
a lighter bat swings faster.
but the acceleration doesn't make up for the lack of mass when the bat is lighter than the optimum mass, as evidenced by the peak ball exit velocity.
can we please have some more of your washouts, braves?
the lighter bat still has more than enough mass to be effective.
they did a mythbusters baseball episode and busted this one.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eofnp61pas is the first part (there are 3 parts total).

spoilers: myth busted.

like op basically said, you can swing the bat faster when it weighs less, but the contact you make is gonna be softer.  mythbusters points out that it's mainly a psychological thing: "if you believe your bat has special power, you may be more likely to get that hit."
effective: absolutely    ideally effective compared to ideal mass: not quite
i didn't know they did it on mythbusters, thanks for the video and sorry for the redundancy.
since you are a sox fan i am going to assume that you have played 16" softball.  have you ever thought about why most mlb players do not use a 45oz chicago classic bat?  you will not catch up to a ml fastball with a bat that heavy.
hey, we overpaid so let us get at least two post about it :)
of course not, it's obviously not a linear correlation nor am i arguing it to be one.  its explained much better and visualized with a graph in the link.  there is an ideal mass for every player.  under or over that mass will provide less exit velocity.  therefore, corking your bat is essentially non-helpful physically.
i'm absolutely biased, but most of the stuff i've been reading has the tigers pretty solidly in 3rd place in the alc.  i don't wanna say the twins will win it but... like i said, fan bias! :d

at the end of the day, baseball's a crazy game and almost anything could happen.  andrew mccutchen could go crazy and hit .400 and lead the pirates to a playoff berth.  showalter could keep up the pace he started with the o's during the second half of '10 and bury the yankees.  

granted, not super likely things but this is where all the fun in baseball is to me; you know all the stats and numbers and probabilities, but then some teams get on a ridiculous roll and some teams slump.  there's always something we collectively as baseball fans look at in the postseason and go "where did that come from???"    
definitely a psychological advantage if nothing else, ask sosa
if he could make such a guarantee, pittsburgh better cough it up!
depends what kind of hitter you are.

it probably would help hitters with high babip (juan pierre, derek jeter, ichiro) who don't depend on hitting the ball hard as much as merely making contact.

probably also is useful against strikeout pitchers.
derr, did it take you long to figure that one out?

cmon, al east is so tough and the top three switch around in spots each season.
watch out for the jays this season though, they'll cause some disappointments for the others. then next year, we're gonna crush it!
cubs win, cubs win!
i think the jays could conceivably finish last this year if they have a bout of misfortune (key injuries esp), but i think they've only got upside for 2012/2013.

really though i think a lot of jays fans are going to be let down after the pleasant surprise of last year regardless of how they perform this year.
i couldn't open your link, but from your response it sound like you are assuming that all players are using their ideal mass (that is a big assumption).  secondly, if you start with a heavier bat than you normally use, drill it out and cork it, and bring it back to your normal weight, you have just increased your hitting area due to the fact that the barrel of the heavier bat is thicker than your normal bat and therefore increased your chances of getting a hit, or home run.  

regardless, corking bats is cheating and should not be done.
man, i love harry!  i really love the old school announcers.  i miss the unpolished sort of vibe they put off. 
don't underestimate the jays bullpen and ability to keep farming league average starters.  they're not going to win anything other than their annual "best 4th place club in baseball", but still. 
both those points are things i hadn't thought of, they make a lot of sense.  the second point shows probably the most advantageous way to take advantage of the technique.  also i am certainly not advocating that corking bats be legalized, it's just an interesting physics question and i'm a baseball nerd.
he got jail time and what some people consider a slap on the wrist
i love nerd subjects as well.  
i'd take him over that injury prone rich harden that we just wasted more money on.
no worries, the op was interesting!  i'm just more of a visual learner :)
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

hard to keep up with the injured a's players, i know. :p
we are losing this...
you're wrong.
really? the orioles (after revamping their entire infield and bullpen) are projected to finish behind the jays? and i dont think the yankees have the pitching to win the wild card. 
naw bro, we'll now be paying 13mil per season for 25 hrs and 70 rbis.
ha ha! i'm a yankees fan! that means my opinion that signing another outfielder to a bad longterm contract is invalid!

but seriously, they should have go to arbitration for the sake of the franchise. aa has made some great moves (vernon wells is the closest thing i'll ever see to a miracle) but this is a real head scratcher.
agreed.

i like the fantasy focus podcast.
but isn't there a standard size for bat barrels in mlb?  i can see how you could lower the weight of a bat that is longer, but i'm not even sure there is a regulation on that.  in college ball there is, or at least was, a limit to how long a bat can be compared to it's length.  when i played it was 5.  so a 33 inch bat couldn't be less than 28 oz.  i don't know if mlb has a rule on length vs weight, but i do believe there is a limit to how thick the barrel can be, and i would assume all bats are made to be as thick as legally allowed.  thoughts?
that's all i'm saying i know he is very very good but not an ace. i thought about it the other day and yea he's better than most teams #2 but i think at this point in his career there isn't as much of a fall off from hamels to blanton as there is from oswalt to hamels
i agree with you. ops+ or ops adjusted by ballpark are significantly better; ops is easy to understand and is most often a tell tale sign of a good hitter. same as war and range as opposed to errors. it also depends by batting order too; i'd say for a lead off hitter, obp is worth significantly more than slugging. but in that same vein, a lead off hitter is only guaranteed to lead off (redundant, i know) once a game. people are going to prefer stats they like, no matter how often you argue that wins aren't the best indicator for pitchers and rbis are dependent on the hitters in front of you. i just want the season to go ahead and start.
wow.  83 wins takes the al central and 84 wins takes the al west?  
you're right, but in college and high school it is now 3 and there is a standard barrel thickness.  however, as i understood iberg, that you can have a longer bat, make it as light as a shorter bat back down to an ideal mass in order increase the sweet spot and overall barrel length while not sacrificing exit velocity, therefore increase your chances of getting a hit.  the barrel is the same circumference of all bats by rule.
i miss harry and now i'm gonna miss ron santo. i felt like me and ron were just getting tight. too soon sweet prince. too soon.
across the state, it's estimated the pirates have sold 3.3 thousand.
was right there with you from 90-92. man those were the days. we lost more than ever and it still felt good.
if i ever had the money, i would take a year off and hit every major nfl, mlb, nhl, and cfb stadium/arena i could.  mostly cfb and baseball though... i'm a bigger hockey and nfl fan but seeing each baseball park is way cooler than each arena / nfl stadium.
i totally agree on both points. i think that the revamped o's with buck have the potential to win a bunch of games. it's a shame they're in the east. i wouldn't be surprised if they won the central or west if they were in one of those divisions.
oh yeah, that makes sense.  it's 3 now, huh.  when i was in high school it was 7, then pitchers started to take comebackers to the face all across the country and the authority moved it to 5.  i have to say, 3 sounds like it would be much tougher to swing.
college to mlb is apples and oranges (aluminum vs wood).  there is not a standard barrel width for wood bats.  one of the reasons that there are so many broken bats in mlb these days (besides the lack of old growth wood) is that the players want the barrel as thick as possible, and therefore the handle has to be thinner in order to keep it at a weight that they can still turn on a fastball.  aluminum bats are another story entirely.  because the material is so much lighter and stronger, it was giving the hitter too much of an advantage.  you could have a big huge barrel and a tiny handle that you couldn't possibly duplicate in wood.  the sanctioning bodies had to come up with restrictions.  in order to stay compliant today's thin wall bats have weights at the barrel end of the bat.  placing weight at the very end of the bat also helps the hitter by increasing momentum through the hitting zone.  one of the reasons it is so hard for great college players to break into the majors, is that making the switch from aluminum to wood can be very difficult.
well even with the -3 the ncaa decided the game was too offense dominated and have this year reevaluated the bat screening as to minimize and standardize trampoline effect and exit velocity.  preliminary studies have found that the balls not travel 5% less far.  essentially, all metal bats made before this year are illegal in college.
and in related news, scott feldman is still out with a micro-fracture.  i love how this time last year those two were expected to lead the rangers rotation (and both ended up with abortions of the season).
hey! what's your favorite planet? mine's the sun!
depends on which vlad shows up.  first half of the season he (and cruz) carried us...second half he wa sa liability.

...and don't get me started on his defensive performance in the world series.

the team is far better with beltre defending third and young playing dh.
eh, harden was a flier and everyone knew it. besides, he's only supposed to be out for a couple weeks. he'll be back in time for opening day (when he can get injured again).
that farm system is sick, though. the future is real bright for you guys. i'd love to see kc take the central in the next few years.
my friend who is a passive baseball fan emailed me about the mythbusters episode where they "busted" cork bats.  here was my response:

&gt;i've seen this episode, and it sorely lacks in actual knowledge about the subject.  the difficulty for almost every hitter is not swinging with a lot of power, it's accuracy.  when the ball is released from the pitcher's hand, the batter sometimes has to start his swing before he knows the break of the ball or the location and has to adjust his swing mid-motion to compensate; hence why amazing hand strength is needed for being an amazing batter.  a corked bat gives the batter that much more control over the bat head as it passes through "the zone", or the median area where you can maintain a level swing and the ball passes within a hittable region.

&gt;i mean, it's never been about a momentum issue, it's a control issue.  nobody who uses a corked bat thinks, oh, this will make me hit the ball with more force since it's heavier, they think, oh, now i'll be able to hit the ball on the "sweet spot" and it will go out of the park.  sammy sosa used a corked bat.  babe ruth used a corked bat.  they knew what they were doing.  and, even further than that, if you've ever gone to the batting cages and used a 32 ounce practice aluminum bat as opposed to a specialty 17 ounce "hitter" bat, you'll know the results difference in the 90 mph fastball cage instantly when you have the lighter bat.  you can start your swing later, you can hit the ball at the right time, and you will just hit way better.
mlb is the worst about that. instead of having a league youtube account where this can be posted mlb makes you pay for some "classics" video highlight package where you have to buy 'em all just to see the few that you were looking for to begin with. really makes no sense. you're not going to bring a casual fan into the game by forcing him to pay to see historic moments baseball history.
i agree with the op on this one. it's cute and all that the orioles are kinda somewhat trying but looking down their roster i'm not impressed. yes they played well at the end of the year but i remember when the nats were in 1st a couple months into the season. even bad teams get hot.

as for the yankees, their starting staff doesn't need to be great to win regular season games considering their offense and bullpen. between the 10 or so options they have for 4th and 5th starters they should be able to find a couple who don't completely suck (4 runs in 6 innings gets the job done), and that's all they really need. 
i didn't see harden getting a significant number of starts this year.  if brett stays healthy, he'll pitch well.  trevor is due for some regression on batted balls, but i suspect his k/bb will continue to improve.  he's still gonna have an excellent infield defense, and if coco can stay healthy, outfield defense should be nearly as good as last year, which will help him continue to see better results than his fip would suggest.

gio looked like the real deal in the second half of last year, so even if trevor takes a step back, the front three will be pretty good.  if dallas can keep his remaining toes, he'll slot wonderfully into the number four spot.  he's such a smart pitcher that he doesn't need the greatest stuff to be successful.

given all the injury-prone/quad-a players up for the fifth spot, i think it'll probably end up as a committee approach, as streaks and injuries take their toll.  given the fragility that brett and dallas have shown recently, we'll probably see a couple of these guys filling in from time to time.  you can probably write off the season if more than two of them pitch for any stretch though.
why doesn't the ncaa just move to wood bats?  it seems like a simple solution.
the way i see it, we make a run in '14 and if we cant win the pennant in '15, we're sunk for 8 more years. the future looks bright but i can't imagine we'll have more than 2-3 shots at the whole enchilada.
yeah, when i played college ball i played in a wood-bat league in the off-season.  the pitchers dominated.  why doesn't the ncaa just convert to wooden bats?  when i was playing, we played at -5 and it was always an issue.  
i agree with all your insights, my comments were citing a narrow viewed maximum force perspective. but baseball is such a complex game, which is one of the things i love about it, that there are a multitude of advantages and disadvantages of really any action taken depending on which way you look at it.

i also think that a lot of times the mythbusters show a lack of knowledge in sports myths, the episode regarding weather sliding into first helps or not was particularly poorly done.
wait for the season to be over before suggesting such things. plus, it's a lot better than 23 million for wells.
the link is dead, but i've left it 'cause that's all i have as a reference.

**anthem**

 

william (sugar) wallace

http://www.marin.cc.ca.us/~bader/anthem.html

 

 

catfish, mudcat, ducky, coot.

the babe, the barber, the blade, the brat.

windy, dummy, gabby, hoot.

big train, big six, big ed, fat.

 

greasy, sandy, muddy, rocky.

bunions, twinkletoes, footsie, the hat.

fuzzy, dizzy, buddy, cocky.

the bull, the stork, the weasle, the cat.

schoolboy, sheriff,

rajah, duke,

general, major,

spaceman, spook.

 

the georgia peach, the fordham flash,

the flying dutchman. cot.

the people's cherce, the blazer. crash.

the staten island scot.

skeeter, scooter,

pepper, duster,

ebba, bama, boomer, buster.

 

the little professor, the iron horse. cap.

iron man, iron mike, iron hands. hutch.

jap, the mad russian, irish, swede. nap.

germany, frenchy, big serb, dutch,

turk. tuck, tug, twig.

spider, birdy, rabbit, pig.

 

fat jack, black jack, zeke, zack. bloop.

peanuts, candy, chewing gum, pop.

chicken, cracker, hot potato, soup.

ding, bingo.

hippity-hopp.

 

three-finger, no-neck, the knuck, the lip.

casey, gavvy, pumpsie, zim.

flit, bad henry. fat freddie, flip.

jolly cholly, sunny jim.

shag, schnozz,

king kong, klu.

boog, buzz,

boots, bump, boo.

 

king carl, the count. the rope, the whip.

wee willie, wild bill, gloomy gus. cy.

bobo, bombo, bozo. skip.

coco, kiki, yo-yo. pie.

dinty, dooley,

tuffy, snuffy,

stubby, dazzy,

daffy, duffy.

 

baby doll, angel sleeves, pep, sliding billy,

buttercup, bollicky, boileryard, juice.

colby jack, dauntless dave, cheese,

gentle willie,

trolley line, wagon tongue, rough,

what's the use.

 

ee-yah,

poosh 'em up,

skoonj, slats, ski.

ding dong,

ding-a-ling,

dim dom, dee.

 

famous amos. rosy, rusty.

handsome ransom. home run, huck.

rapid robert. cactus, dusty.

rowdy richard. hot rod, truck.

jo-jo, jumping joe,

little looie,

muggsy, moe.

 

old folks, old pard, oom paul. yaz.

cowboy, indian bob, chief, ozark ike.

rawhide, reindeer bill. motormouth. maz.

pistol pete, jungle jim, wahoo sam. spike.

the mad hungarian.

mickey, minnie.

kitten, bunny.

big dan, moose.

jumbo, pee wee; chubby, skinny.

little poison.

crow, hawk, goose.

 

marvelous marv.

oisk, oats, tookie.

vinegar bend.

suds, hooks, hug.

hammerin' hank.

cooch, cod, cookie.

harry the horse.

speed, stretch, slug.

 

the splendid splinter. pruschka. sparky.

chico, choo choo, cha-cha, chub.

dr. strangeglove. deacon. arky.

 

abba dabba. supersub.

bubbles, dimples, cuddles, pinky.

poison ivy, vulture, stinky.

jigger, jabbo

jolting joe

blue moon

boom boom

bubba

bo
there are a couple conferences that are wood already.  it seems like the inevitable end point.  the only thing i can think of is possibly some kind of contract with the bat making companies?  although i have absolutely no evidence to support this, it is just a thought.
upvote...i agree...raping the fans!
speaking of breaking wood bats, do you have any thoughts on the ash/maple controversy?  sorry for the digression.
i love big league chew! and they can get that beef jerky dip.
you will find that the nfl does it too. it is the copyright and if they feel like they can make a profit off it they will find youtube videos and have them deleted so you have to go to mlb.com or nfl.com. the nba is really great about not deleting stuff. the other night i spent a few hours just watching nba highlight reels you would be very hard pressed to be able to do that with the nfl or mlb.
when aluminum bats were first introduced, it was to save money on bats (the old ones lasted forever) and because they were safer because, they wouldn't break.  once manufactures realized that make a bat that lasted forever was not a good business strategy, they decided (my theory) to start marketing bats that would make a good hitter a great hitter, and it snowballed.  the maple bats in vogue in mlb are dangerous as well with the way they shatter.  i have thought that manufactures should experiment with solid composites similar to the stuff they make trex decking out of.  maybe they already have, and ruled it out, but there has to be something out there that would share the characteristics of old growth wood ( same weight and hardness) but would be less likely to break.  science, get on it!
being a huge fan of teddy ballgame, i read this one, [**the teammates**](http://www.amazon.com/teammates-portrait-friendship-david-halberstam/dp/140130057x) while visiting boston 8 years ago.
don't be sorry at all, this is a great topic (btw where are the upvotes for this great discussion you started?).  last season a player (cant remember who right now) had his chest punctured by an exploding maple bat.  it was only a minor injury, so not much notice was given.  when is mlb going to do something about it?  unfortunately i think someone will need a career ended (or more) before the issue is addressed.
i remember that, it was the cubs' tyler colvin.  i wonder what some viable alternatives would be, as you had asked and listed some in a previous comment.  that should make for some interesting research. 
*the last night of the yankee dynasty* by buster olney
 
*odd man out* by matt mccarthy (this is probably one of my favorite books ever)

*fantasyland* by sam walker
source: sabermetricians in a fritz trying to change tigers 1b cabrera's projections after discovering new stat, 'bac'
i really enjoyed [maybe i'll pitch forever](http://amzn.com/0803287321) by satchel paige.  great view of the game from an extremely interesting man in an interesting time for baseball.
this one is really good!
it's been a while since i had seen the episode of mythbusters and i could be mistaken but i believe the basic idea is that while the lighter bat increases bat speed, the cork inside essentially acts like a shock absorber of sorts and actually deadens the impact.
i've always wanted to jump on the saber bandwagon, but i'm always hindered by my friends who are real into it being generally pretentious that i still talk about era.  is this par for the course for those into saber or are my friends just pretentious?
they finished 20 games behind the blue jays last year. i guess the question is do you think their moves have made them 20 wins better? i'm an o's fan, and while i am generally happy with the moves they've made i'm not sure it's going to get them 20 more wins this season. vlad was rough at the end of last season, d lee wasn't anything special last season as he played through an injury, the pitching staff is still young and needs molding, etc. the list of issues and potential problems is still long and the al east is still by far the toughest division in baseball. 
same here.  i remember when i was in elementary school, watching cubs games on wgn during spring break, keeping score.  that will always be one of the highlights of my childhood.
agreed.  and i shook ronny's hand at wrigley in september.  he was the biggest cubs fan ever.
it's like the king of planets.
didnt take me long. i knew it all along but when i heard orioles signed vlad, it made me lol a little bit harder and to post this.
[fun guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krflh5pjjiu)!
[the last best league](http://www.amazon.com/last-best-league-summer-season/dp/0306814188/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1298064292&amp;sr=8-1)


[odd man out](http://www.amazon.com/odd-man-out-league-misfit/dp/b00403ngmc/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1298064355&amp;sr=1-1)


[beyond belief](http://www.amazon.com/beyond-belief-finding-strength-come/dp/1599951606/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1298064388&amp;sr=1-1)
[it's simple, you calculate the velocity v, in relation to the trajectory t in which g, gravity, of course remains a constant.](/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szz_rbamfmy)
i remember summers watching wgn with my dad (who was from des plaines, il) in texas singing along with harry caray.  one of my best childhood memories.

that and the wiffle ball games my dad and i played.  thanks, baseball.  you're awesome.
maybe he'll get eaten...and we can put someone who actually knows how to field a ball in the outfield.
gotta go old school:

[eight men out: the black sox and the 1919 world series](http://www.amazon.com/eight-men-out-black-world/dp/0805065377/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1298065261&amp;sr=1-1) by eliot asinof

[babe: the legend comes to life](http://www.amazon.com/babe-legend-comes-robert-creamer/dp/067176070x/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1298065334&amp;sr=1-2) by robert creamer

[ball four](http://www.amazon.com/ball-four-jim-bouton/dp/0020306652/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1298065395&amp;sr=1-1) by jim bouton

[the glory of their times: the story of the early days of baseball told by the men who played it](http://www.amazon.com/glory-their-times-baseball-perennial/dp/0061994715/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1298065458&amp;sr=1-1) by lawrence s. ritter
if mlb fades as a major national sport in the us, this is part of the reason why. the new whole generation of potential fans wants to see funny/amazing/dramatic vids on youtube, share them on facebook/twitter, etc. mlb spends lots of money to police the tubes and *prevent* that, rather than just let people harmlessly promote their product at no cost to the league.
wtf tobacco has been banned in the minor leagues for a while?  thank god for the nanny state!
at least nfl stuff seems to stay on youtube if it's not an outright game tape or full version of a nfl films special. with mlb, if you upload *anything* except footage you personally shot, it's down within a week. it's their legal right, i realize, but i think it's a poor longterm business practice.
[dock ellis in the country of baseball](http://books.google.com/books?id=s9aqrk2gcyec&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;dq=dock+ellis+in+the+country+of+baseball&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=zbdxsd-wpu&amp;sig=xzhblj43gcbgfnr_ck3b9on5wia&amp;hl=en&amp;ei=ieletypwczgdtgeq2b2rda&amp;sa=x&amp;oi=book_result&amp;ct=result&amp;resnum=3&amp;ved=0ccqq6aewag#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false)
it's shit like this, selig.
i remember the guys on my summer travel team and i, we would go to the library since it had a/c and read out the bawdiest passages from ball four.

pretty amusing stuff for a 12 year old.
**ball four is the best baseball book that will ever be written.**  [three nights in august](http://www.amazon.com/three-nights-august-buzz-bissinger/dp/0618405445) is very good, as are the glory of their times and [cobb](http://www.amazon.com/cobb-biography-al-stump/dp/1565121449/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1298066070&amp;sr=1-1).
the whole mickey mantle thing on the top of the watergate was funny as hell.
[the knucklebook](http://www.amazon.com/knucklebook-dave-clark/dp/1566636612/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1298066372&amp;sr=1-1)

edit: has *anybody else* read it?
when the astros were closing down the astrodome, i attended the game where they announced the all astro team.  dierker was named, and pretty much everyone was in attendance but bob aspromonte.  he was on the diamond vison and said, "ya know, dierk...  it makes a fellow proud to be an astro."

i cried, i laughed so hard...  no one around me got it.
two votes for odd man out, so i looked it up on amazon.  "ball four for the minor leagues."  that, and a new hardback version for, like, $5 from a guy in tennessee?  i'll do that.
yeah, only an offense that was quite literally historically bad. i like the m's, and would love to see ichiro get a ring(and really wanted grif to get one) but you are as horrible advertised...
actually, the mlb is getting better at this. they have all sorts of whole games on youtube now. 
i've been wearing a bouton jersey to games for a few years now and only two people other than my father have got it.
and now he's being shelved with a sore shoulder. hmmm...
pecota has the jays under .500 and the orioles over it, which i found interesting, but i remain dubious. 
really?  downvote?  really?
ball four by jim bouton.  it's your favorite too, you just don't know it yet.
i have fond memories of reading aloud ball four in the locker room in eighth grade.
remember all those stories about joba when he first came up about all the weight he lost and how it helped him be a better pitcher?

yeaaah...
i always figured it was better to get the bat on the ball then to have the extra mass and a slower swing. 
to be fair, harden was fairly unhittable (when healthy) for a while there. 
too hipster?
if you liked *odd man out*, then you should grab *the bullpen chronicles* by dirk hayhurst.  i loved them both.
c.c.'s gut allows him to hide his pitches better.  he may be worse off with 25 fewer pounds.
no, we are as horrible as advertised if everyone outside of ichiro and king felix plays to their career lows for a second year in a row. the chances of that happening is minuscule. in fact, we're a stronger team overall than last season even with the loss of cliff lee. 

do we have a good chance of making the playoffs? not at all, i'm not denying that. however, anyone ruling us out completely before the season starts is foolish, especially since this is the al west. our line-up is stronger offensively and we have a decent pitching staff in a pitcher's ballpark. if things come together correctly we could end up taking the al west pennant. again, this is an outside chance, but it's a very real one at that.
slugging it out in japan: an american major leaguer in the tokyo outfield - robert whitting
right after i read *odd man out* this past summer, alberto callaspo got traded to back the angels and was reunited with erick aybar. that made me the happiest i've been in a long time.
it's not up to the mlb.  the players union will almost certainly not stand for it.
ball four is amazing.  everyone read it now.
*moneyball* by michael lewis
when i saw the title i was going to say "lords of the realm", but there it is.

since everyone already said ball four, i'll throw in "i'm glad you didn't take it personally", the follow-up book to ball four, in which bouton talks about all the shit he got into over ball four.
i was hitting a wiffle ball with an oversized mickey mouse bat while my dad soft-tossed it to me.  i must have been about a year old?  that's my earliest recallable memory of anything.
glad that pittsburgh sucks at something
i read "bullish" as "bearish." whoops! that makes kind of a big difference.
while there are none on youtube, there are still a fair few on the [mlb video site.](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=3251266&amp;topic_id=7759164&amp;c_id=mlb)  but i agree with you wholeheartedly.
disagree. joe blanton is pretty ordinary and average. nobody would knock down philly's door if they made him available like they would for hamels, who is a star.
could be right about the yankees, but it will be interesting to see how much of a factor the bullpen will be.
the last best league is good. i was just re-reading that one a few days ago. 
i would like to see the yankees win without a rotation. i'm not trying to troll, i just don't think that sabathia, burnette, and three question marks are going to help the yankees win many ballgames. 

i would not be surprised at all to see the jays or rays play a little over their heads, win 90 games and take the wildcard away from the yanks by a game or two. 
i think pecota is awful this year. 
cait murphy's [*crazy '08*](http://www.amazon.com/crazy-08-boneheads-magnates-greatest/dp/0060889373) was a surprisingly good book about the 1908 season.  i don't have enough baseball books under my belt to call it my favorite, but it was quite good.
i gotta say, all posturing aside, watching these guys dip and spit is really kind of gross. 
going to a game at the kingdome in 1990/91. i barely remember anything. we sat in the upper deck behind home plate. apparently it was a game when ken griffey sr played with jr.
yeah, now rosales is gonna be gone until may :(
the [light blue/maroon](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_apagga1fgiq/s-8hmrtjlli/aaaaaaaafdu/aljvicwde_8/s320/moyers+051410.jpg) jerseys that the phillies wore in the 70's has to be one of the most unusual color combinations in history. 
does anybody else think that joba would have been a decent second or third starter on a small market team like kc?
going to my first baseball game to see mo vaughn take on the anaheim angels and fenway park. i was pretty young, but if i remember correctly, he didn't get a hit. the fenway franks made up for it, though.
watching the nlcs on tv with my family in '93. i was only 5 years old so i didn't understand much of anything except to cheer for the guys in red. now i look back and see what a crazy team that was. 
i don't remember what it said about the twins, it had the red sox taking the east, so i was comfortable with that.  
can't say i disagree. pujols in pittsburgh would be hilarious. he would take up half their payroll!
this, and how bad the brewers suck.
i was at yankee stadium when doc gooden pitched a no hitter. i think i was 10. i don't remember much of the game, only how crazy it got afterwards :p
and don't get me started on their online blackout policy
cobb is a great read. stump was about as fair as he could be, and what emerges is a pretty terrible human being who happened to be one of the best players to ever grace a baseball diamond.
same here, at age 6.
i've seen two versions already, but it's usually got the twins, tigers, and chisox all knotted up at the top, within a game of each other in the 82-84 win range. 

to be honest, i think the chisox got a lot better than that.
i remember my first ever baseball coach teaching me the pitching windup.  i now pitch for a d3 university.  thanks coach!
the trade that brought jason schmidt to san francisco.
the al west and nl central are definitely weaker.
i recall practicing baseball (well tee ball) before i could read.
living in south florida, wandering around fort lauderdale yankee stadium as we watched my neighbor pitching for the yankees farm team...well, i didn't do the watching as much as i chased foul balls and tried to steal those funny yellow rubber balls they used for some reason i never quite understood.


he'd probably be quite liked in kc due to him being a husker.
because mlb is an immature monolithic corporation that has a retarded rumination running through its head that sounds like:

&gt;profit profit profit profit

and it never stops long enough to think that maybe, just maybe it could stop hemorrhaging fans if it decided to come into the 21st century.

the only thing they have ever impressed me with is their streaming video.  they are/were light years ahead of other sports.
my very first memory is playing tee ball in jeans. the entire team wore jeans. classy.

first professional baseball memory is seeing the white sox play in sarasota, fl. a friend of the family got me down to the dugout too.
mo vaughn put up an 0'fer when i saw him too. my first and only fenway memory was from [september 24, 1995](http://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/bos/bos199509240.shtml). it was the 3rd game of a series against the blue jays and they had just played a double-header the day before. needless to say it wasn't very action packed... but it was a great experience nonetheless. i can't wait to get the chance to go back.

oh... and vaughn eshelman.
nice try, sammy sosa.
[ha haa](http://i.imgur.com/c1rw7.jpg)
"martin prado spelled backwards is nitmar odarp"...that was amazing.
well, at least c.c. does look like he's doing well.
i could shit all over this but i won't.
aaaaaaand the joba trainwreck continues.
unlike the grapefruit league, which is spread out, the teams in the cactus league are bunched very close together. all of them play in maricopa county, which is about five hours from las vegas.
the detroit free press had a huge article on it today and in it they talked to a public defender from florida. the lawyer said that it's going to be hard for a dui to stick, since they never took a breathalyzer and they can't prove that he had even been driving the car, or that he was drunk before they showed up. he'll probably end up with no license for a year, which isn't a big deal for a multi-millionaire, and possibly some court ordered therapy.
"hey joba i have all these boxes of captain crunch i'm not going to eat. you want them?"

"sure cc, i'll give them a good home."
i remember watching this and realizing how obvious it kind of is...i mean, cork would absorb a lot of the energy from the initial contact from the ball, thus less hitting power.
1993 - macho row. i loved kruk. i was 4. i cried and cried when they lost in the ws
i had to think about that one. 

it's pretty tough to say because i grew up going to angels and padres games. i think maybe my first memory is probably how horrid the padres jerseys were in the mid-70's and how much more i liked the angels ones. i guess that's probably a huge reason as to why i chose the angels.
here are my current rankings for the toughest divisions, based on the number and talent level of the teams expected to "contend" this year, with potential spoilers - the teams that aren't going to win, but could make it interesting.

1. al east (3 teams, 2 spoilers)
1. nl east (2 teams, 2 spoilers)
1. nl west (4 teams)
1. nl central (3 teams, 1 spoiler)
1. al central (3 teams)
1. al west (2 teams, 1 spoiler)



i agree about beltre playing third. i love young. he is the ultimate leader. he will make a great dh. still hate to see vlad go though. 
thanks.
i'd been to a couple games before this, of course, but my first memory that stuck was watching kenny rogers **walk in the winning run** for the braves in the 1999 nlcs. i can't imagine many things more traumatic for a naive 8 year old.

tee ball.  i remember that we got three chances to hit a pitch and if we couldn't do it we got to hit off of a tee.  i would purposefully miss those three pitches just to hit off of the tee.  
i was 17, and i wanted to cry. i hated those blue jay teams
i was into baseball cards before baseball, it almost seems like. this was circa 1987 and jose canseco was by far my favorite player, just to give some reference. this was before we had cable tv much less the internet, so watching games was a once-a-week thing at best and you actually still would collect cards because it gave you a lot of practical information about the game.

i know i watched games back then but i don't really have any particularly strong memories of games until the early 1990s. but wow do i remember collecting and trading those cards, it was serious business in the neighborhood back in the day.
my first memory was the 1983 world series, glad i was able to see the o's win a series as a kid.
i would switch around the al central and the nl central; the al central has three strong, talented teams, whereas none of the teams in the nl central strike much fear in me.
it is not played year round.

steroids use is encouraged.

the team with the biggest market share wins.

those who retire from the game get first dibs on organ transplants.

time has no meaning.

fans can participate by catching broken bats and line drives with their teeth.

each ticket is a legal contract stating that injured fans can never sue.

anybody.

ever.

players are paid more than you, your family, their friends and your friends combined will ever make in a lifetime.
my favorite thing has always been the anticipation.  the game is so complex that as soon as a play is over, the players and fans are taking a survey of the situation, and then almost automatically running through all the possible scenarios that are possible.  will he be the hero?  will he be a failure?  everyone in the stadium is visualizing the same possibilities while the pitcher toes the rubber, then the collective consciousness speeds up into a frenzy as everyone tries see what pitch it is, where the batter is standing, how the center-fielder is shifted, any kind of clue as to what will happen until the ball reaches the plate and the inevitable is brought to realization.
i'm pretty sure that that decision was made by minor league baseball, not the government.
it can range from a lazy sunny afternoon at the ballpark to an insanely loud and intense postseason experience.

witnessing statistically rare events, like a triple play.

the stats.

does not require cheerleaders.

affordable tickets.

what the pitcher does on the 2-2 count, and what the hitter does on the 3-0 count.

the game is never, ever over until the last out is recorded (no clock).

the defense has control of the ball.

no particular body type (or race, for that matter) dominates the game.

opening day in cincinnati.
yeah, it's pretty much a toss-up to me. i think the brewers are scary this year with greinke, gallardo, and marcum. they are probably better talent-wise than any team in the al central now, and they definitely have the best rotation in the nl central. the cards and reds are on a level with the al central teams, and the cubs aren't that far from being relevant again, especially if they can get a decent pitcher to knock silva off the back of the rotation. 
you're right. we should have traded him.
projections? really?
bud selig is the worst commissioner in professional sports. 
magazine? what's that
your cynicism would be more accurately directed at mlb, not baseball at large. if mlb ever gets intolerable for you, chances are that there's a mi league ballclub in your region that's worth rooting for.
coming home from 1st grade and my mom coming out to greet me to tell me that the mets won the ws in 1969 in the nice quaint days when they played the games during the day.
mlb is the dumbest pro sports organization, and if they don't change their tune quickly about new media and online video, they will continue to hemorrhage younger fans
but then they have to go and keep dump blackout rules in place &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

getting a free pop and laffy taffy after every little league game when i was 7 or so.
the connection with my dad. no matter how much i grew up, we still always had the baseball connection.
argh you **and** turnerj5 are both sox fans...i feel like our poor bears brotherhood is being ripped apart. next someone will tell me acl is a cards fan...
ah... i just got the double entendre... what i originally meant was that he went to nebraska, and there are many husker fans around here in kc.
spending hours roaming around right field in little league because i sucked and no one hit the ball there. i also remember ending the season with a batting average of .051. most improved player indeed.
still only the 2nd most hilarious braves pitchers' moments.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ltd21rywvw&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
amen to that my fellow expos brother....i still got a life size cardboard cutout of him in my room.
i didn't know he went to nebraska, actually. i just thought it was a fat joke.
it bums me out that the current squad of phillies are all pretty lacking in personality (jimmy rollins excluded, of course). if there was one thing i'd change, it'd be giving doc and utley a fucking personality.
i was probably 7 years old so it must have been around '93 or '94.  mets down a run, man in scoring position, bobby bonilla at the plate, strike 3! followed by my dad screaming "damnit bonilla!"  
reminds me of the onion sports dome segment about the mlb charging for mlb-related memories.
get out of my freaking head. i was about to post [this](http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/gallery/featured/gal1139068/8/12/index.htm) earlier and stopped.

i fucking hate kent hrbek. what an asshole.

edit: fixed broken link
watching the cubs on wgn during summer vacation in grade school. harry caray is the best.
sitting in an empty 1996 wrigley field, hearing the sounds of the games and the beautiful field. it was cold but wonderful.
"timeless moments" isn't just term thrown around for kicks when it comes to baseball.

i'm a lover of many sports, but i can look back on baseball moments from waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay before my time and find myself in near tears...it's a quiet game that gets big and loud with just a single swing.

i think that's a pretty good reason...arguable perhaps.
a.j. is just as much of a question mark as well...
would have been about 1977.  attending my first game at metropolitan stadium, and getting there early enough to watch the twins take bp.  home run ball bounced off one of the wooden bleacher seats about 10 feet to my right.  8 year old me was in awe
mine was the pirates losing to the braves in the 1992 nlcs. luckily, the pirates have been awesome since then.
we unite for a few months a year. and i'll welcome you onto the bandwagon when the cubs are out of it in may ;)
i personally love hrbek

(but am too young to *really* remember him)

i do enjoy his bar in target field though.
dude, i was at that game in baltimore when manny did the off the wall high five.

just as awesome in person.
i am excited to add this to my twins bobblehead collection.
yeah, i had that guy on my fantasy team last year. it was ugly.


the smell of fresh leather, in an isle filled with new baseball gloves of all sizes. it was the summer after second grade, and my dad threw me in the car for a surprise trip to a sporting goods store. dad picked out a huge glove for his big hands; wanting to be just like him, i picked up the same one, sliding it onto my hand past the wrist. i insisted that the glove fit, but my dad knew better. assuring me that he would get me a glove his size when i was ready for it, he helped me try on several until we found one that fit - with just a little room to grow.

once we found my glove, i didn't want to take it off. wearing it up to the checkout, i held it up to be scanned without having to remove it. the entire drive home was spent adjusting the glove on my hand, and throwing my new baseball the short distance into my glove.

when we got back, i ran up to my mom to show off what my dad bought me, and after clipping the sales tags off, we went out into the cooling summer evening to play ball with my dad.

he taught me how to throw a baseball, and how to catch with a glove. he got so excited every time i made a good throw, or a good catch - and we both laughed when i threw a ball that went over his head or between his legs. more than one ball was thrown over his head on purpose just to see the faces he would make.

as it started to get dark, my mom came out onto the porch and let us know that dinner was ready, and my dad told her we'd be in soon.

eventually we made our way back in to the house, and i remember beaming with pride. my dad showed me how to keep the ball in the glove to help break it in. he went to put my glove away next to his in the cabinet by the front door, but i insisted on eating dinner with it sitting next to me on the table. that glove would follow me all around the house.

countless hours were spent that summer throwing the ball back and forth to each other in our front lawn.
i didn't think of the fat joke until you said something, which is surprising because i usually do.
also, mlb offers most if not all of this stuff on their website.  what's the difference?

george brett: http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=3977861

pete rose collision: http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=13099647

joe carter hr: http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=3251266

manny high five: http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=2699480
we can share credit, if you like.
1988: i was six. i was organizing my baseball card collection when i asked my dad if a certain team was in the al or nl (the case was split into two, and i had one league on one side, the other on the other). he said i already knew (i.e., he was quizzing me), and smiled when i correctly placed the card.

we were watching a mets game together in the meantime.

i also have a mets 25th anniversary shirt from 1986, *before* they won the world series. i have vague memories of being four and wearing that shirt and it going down past my knees (if that counts as a baseball memory). ... i still have it, and i still wear it.
i'm so *sorry*. :(

i went to the extra game the mets had to play that year to make it into the playoffs. i swore up and down nothing was gonna stop them. /cries
[a look of disapproval just for you... and kent hrbek.](http://i.min.us/ijhyxa.jpg)
♫i play right field, it's important, you know.

♫you gotta know how to catch, you gotta know how to throw.

♫that's why i play in right field,

♫way out where the dandelions grow.


right field is where they put the people who were too awesome so your team didn't have an unfair advantage
/former right fielder
[my response](http://i.imgur.com/x90yq.jpg)
its that kind of attitude that'll help the orioles win a lot of games this year. they won't be pushovers.
unless, of course, my nine all-stars fall victim to nine separate
 misfortunes and are unable to play tomorrow.  but that will never happen.
 three misfortunes, that's possible.  seven misfortunates, there's an
 outside chance.  but nine misfortunes?  i'd like to see that!'

the [mercury mets](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_ecbfxmyqha4/smofroe5lxi/aaaaaaaac7q/qzpx-rdem8i/s320/lg_herschiser_all_01.jpg) and the other turn ahead the clock uniforms are pretty damn fugly
markakis, brian roberts, vlad, luke scott (who might find his stroke this year), speedster in pie, derek lee, tejada? these guys can still play reasonably well.

they have no starting pitching, but who knows.
tv: yankees winning the 98 world series.
in person: my dad took me to old yankee for my first time, during the final season.
coach pitch when i was like 6 or 7. i hit a mean line drive right back at my coaches head and he ducked it. next at bat i put one a little further south but he dodged that one too haha. i remember feeling like a pro back in those days when most other kids would be picking dandelions in the outfield.
this is the kind of informed analysis i've come to expect from r/baseball.  thoughtfully reasoned article that uses advanced statistics to offer deep insight.  same with the comments.

/removes from front page
3 years old. dodger stadium. played the cardinals. wont the ws that year.
when i was maybe 2 years old, my dad (a riverdale-native yankees fan) went on a week-long business trip, leaving me with my mom (born in boston, die-hard sox fan). while he was away, my mom taught me that whenever anyone said "yankees," i would blow a raspberry and whenever anyone said "red sox," i would say "yay!" my dad came home stunned.
