or urine!
mmm... according to this they're currently touring oz...
true. mind you, that sort of fiery personality is commonplace among elite cricketers (and sportsmen in general) and it can work with a captain. graeme smith is an example now - although when he started his temperament frequently got the better of him. the challenge for watson in that sense will be that he does not have the time to settle in.

i certainly don't think australia have typically gone for the cool, unflappable captain of the strauss/vaughan model - if you look at their finest leaders since their resurgence at the end of the 1980s they have all been fine tacticians who matched that with a grittiness and almost savage level of determination. it's difficult to see clarke following in those footsteps (indeed, i understand that this has been the basis of much criticism of him as a potential captain). watson seems more of that type and maybe his hot-headed personality is an aspect of that?

they really are short on potential, though. i agree with you about cameron white but he is, as you say, unlikely to hack it at test level and i've never been a fan of split captaincies myself. at best that would be a stop-gap solution, not a long-term fix. 
yep, saw [this video](http://media.theage.com.au/national/selections/cricket-comes-from-compton-2161800.html)
cool... its hard to find exact dates... best i could do for melbourne was  "the team will then fly to melbourne where they will play the johnny mullagh indigenous xi (feb 8) and the australian cricket society (feb 9)."

and they're also playing a laneway game near hosier lane at some st...
not sure what ground you are talking about but at the mcg they threw people out for starting mexican waves, they still happen though. i also saw a number of people with hard eskys. security spent half their time trying to catch beach balls (wtf!?) or stopping people from stacking beer cups. seriously do your fucking job and find hooligans don't stop people having harmless fun. i saw one security snatch a beach ball out of a kid who was ~10 years old. whenever i saw someone trying to break up a beer snake i would start passing my empties to them, calling them garbage men. they weren't too pleased.

the worst thing is that at the one-day match you could only get 2 shitty mid strength beers (for $6.50), you could get 4 at the test match. 

also the security at the gates is pitiful. 3 times this summer i just walked passed the bag checkers. 



i don't see why beer vendors in cricket grounds are any different from bars or pubs. they should be massively  fined if they sell to intoxicated people. intoxicated people should thrown out (there are easily enough security guards to police this). 
well, one could point to the fact that perhaps he didn't need to, but i appreciate that some folks might see something a little more sinister in there. i'd say it's all innocent and that maybe razzaq needed a rest, picked up a slight strain, that sort of thing.
mainly because razzak plays for bangladesh.
adelaide oval. no hard eskys, and they didn't seem to be kicking out the mexican wave starters either (not that i really paid too much attention so they might have but i just didn't notice).

the no beach ball rule is ridiculous too, thankfully the security guys here don't seem to care enough about it to snatch them out of kids' hands. at worst they'll lazily pick up a ball if it's really close to them.

i feel sorry for the security guys sometimes, because they cop it pretty hard. i'm sure the average joe security guy doesn't make the rules and probably doesn't agree with a lot of them, but he still has to do his job and take the heat from the fans. sure some of them would be dicks about it, but the majority of the ones i've seen/spoken to are decent guys who don't want to get in trouble for not doing their job like they were told to. 

i'm not sure who makes the rules but they're the ones that should have to deal with angry fans, not the blokes at the bottom of the ladder on match day. i suspect the rules are probably made by a combination of the police, security company, and the oval administrators.  
i suppose the main difference is the number of people at a cricket ground - much more than at a typical pub or club. makes the response time of security reaching the spot where the trouble is a bit slower.

i'm only guessing here but i suspect that security at cricket matches would prefer a preventative approach rather than a reactionary one. by reactionary i mean kicking someone out once they've already done something stupid, like starting a fight or getting too drunk etc. the preventative approach cuts off the alcohol supply which i assume the security blames for a lot of the shitty behaviour at games.

by trying to prevent things before they happen i assume they're trying to cut down on the number of people that are injured or injure others through their behaviour. 

adopting the reactionary security method and not restricting alcohol supply will probably result in more drunk people, fights or whatever but won't penalise the people who can drink responsibly. on the other hand trying to prevent incidents from happening will probably cut down on injuries etc but also impacts the enjoyment of the people that do the right thing.

you can probably make a case for either method, but i think it's pretty clear which way the administrators have gone at cricket grounds at the moment.
yeah that's a very good point. being an aggressive personality on the field can have great results, but i'd probably say that success comes with the condition that the aggression is properly directed. graeme smith is an excellent example, and i think australia would absolutely love to have a young player like he was when he took over south africa in the team at the moment.

the last few captains have been quite aggressive, gritty personalities - border and waugh especially. taylor is probably the exception when you look at captains since the late 80s, not that he wasn't a very successful captain as well. as for ponting, he certainly has the aggression but i think in his case it gets away from him a bit too often and ends up being directed at the wrong people or in the wrong way e.g. arguing with the umpires.

maybe the problem with clarke is that he's trying to fit into the mould of previous captains rather than just being himself. like you said it's difficult to see clarke becoming another border/waugh/ponting type personality, but sometimes it seems to me like that is what he's trying to be.


nice. maybe this should also be posted to /r/sports.

bad captains do bizarre things, and he is one.
gotta give credit to michael clarke here - he's had his critics but he played really well tonight.
credit where it's due.  i really thought we had that one in the bag, but the batting was exemplary from australia. well-paced, steady and relentless.
a really good match, odis are nowhere near dead, its been one of the best series i've seen in a while... 

i tell you what, without england's fielding it would have happened earlier too... the sweepers on both sides must have saved over 30 runs... i couldn't believe how quick they were at times...

i'm not sure we deserve the number 1 spot heading into the world cup, but it should be a good tournament...
what was with prior, seeming to suggest that johnson was bowled?
discuss! my impression was always that australia is one of the few countries where players still esteem test cricket as the gold standard... perhaps i'm wrong?
still not quite 438 though ... 
we all knew that journalists are not supposed to ask him any thing worth while. ask him about that viv richards catch and leave him alone.
yeah the sweepers both made some great saves, probably ended up preventing clarke getting close to a hundred.

it's a bit hard to gauge how things will go in the world cup, because both australia and england have a few players that will (or hopefully will) be returning for that tournament. probably fair to say we're a hell of a lot closer to the top of the tree in odis than we are in tests at the moment. 

good time to have a world cup really, sort out who actually are the best odi teams in the world.
not gonna happen
grandpa? who let you out of the nursing home?
true, particularly with the india-sa series being so crazy too... maybe a good time for sri lanka to own everyone on home soil...
shhh... we don't speak of that game...
hauritz, doherty, and smith injured... so the selectors decide to bring in krejza. once again they've pulled a name out of left field, or maybe they're just pulling names out of hats at this stage.

not having a go at krejza because like many guys since warne he was treated badly after a very short time in the spotlight. but for the last game of the series, and a dead rubber at that, surely it would be better to give a game to a young guy with at least a remote chance of making the national team within the next five years?

with steve smith out i would have thought steve o'keefe would be a much better choice as a replacement. he's supposedly an all-rounder too and has a fair bit of talent (not to mention a pretty decent record thus far). 
the proper response to and saffer would be to ask if alan donald has learned to hold on to his bat yet. that game is the one we don't talk about...
not forgetting the awful bowling, esp. at the death.  wtf was woakes doing with the wide and leg side effort?!?!?  you have to cut him some slack for being young and inexperienced, but jimmy a should know better :(
its a pity because after an awful test series smith has been pretty damned good in the odis...

also, i've seen krejza in 2-3 big bash t20 games, and krejza's been bowling well - he's also only a year older than o'keefe, so its not such a bad call with a world cup around the corner...
most genuine answer!
i believe o'keefe is injured at the moment, although realistically hussey (and potentially white if things went really pear shaped) probably would have been good enough for a dead rubber in perth.
white has basically given up bowling. last i heard, he was practicing in-swinging medium pace in the nets as opposed to leggies.
hopefully this won't be overturned in 4 months like your regular pcb life bans.
god what horrendous writing. example:

&gt; steve waugh was asked what he thought of sledging in cricket and once again displaying the no-nonsense attitude that he's so famous for, he just said: "i don't want to comment." 

forget the random punctuation.  no-comment answers are not a no-nonsense attitude. in fact, quite the opposite.
this feels so bullshit. shouldn't private individuals be free to set their own goals? they want to be greedy, fine. theyre at the mercy of the market.
i've been one of his critics, it is very good to see him finally come good...but

i still think that cricket teams should be picked on current form. every other sport is. i think if he was sent back to nsw he very may well have found form earlier than he did.

same with ponting. he is going to go to the world cup with an horrendous record this summer. if he were sent to tassie he would at least have some runs on the board.
yeah i agree with you, it seems that once someone has established themselves in the side (as a batsman anyway) the selectors stick with them through extended periods of poor form rather than drop them down for a match or two to get a bit of it back. mitchell johnson showed what a bit of a rest can do to your form when he came back and destroyed england in perth (although that could just be his on again off again style).

i've got a really bad feeling about ponting in the world cup. not only will he be going in with poor form but also with lack of match practice. sure he'll probably play a couple of warm up games over there but that's not really the same thing. and no doubt he'll play most if not all the games if he's available, so it could end up costing us a lot of runs.
ah, yes. [disgraceful.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k65_spuu05s&amp;feature=fvw)
[here's dhoni's version, the helicopter shot](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vgntu2ecda), my favorite.

[and harbhajan's doosra](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d5xuwv8iry).
pakistan is playing well and it looks they will finish the series with 4-1.
all well and good, but personally i'm one of those ol' farts who likes test cricket. always have been, always will.

even if england were to win the wc i wouldn't really bat an eye. my own county team (kent) have won a t20 and 40 over trophy in the last 10 years; promotion from d2 to d1 meant so much more. screw the wc, it's a "nice to have". the proper test is to win tests. bring on india and sri lanka. what fun!

*edit:typos
pakistan team  didn't play well in the 6th odi. abdul razzaq should open the pakistani innings in world cup 2011.
[scorecard if anyone's interested](http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/match/65936.html).

looked like a great match.
it's too much for them , icc should find another way to punish them.
when was it taken? did you take this picture?
should have got more, but at least they're facing gaol time as well.
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/content/image/499671.html?page=2
is it the vip booth?
too right, especially with half of butt's sentence being suspended
needs more adverts!
i reckon group b looks the harder there... pretty happy with the aussies being in group a...
he and shane warne should then make their students compete :d. 
oh my god there are so many tasteless jokes to make
australia's gonna chuck their way back into cricket.
mick lewis? is that you?
in spite of this and the unavailability of players like doherty, i still think the aussies have a really strong squad. hussey is a major loss because he is the backbone of the side in so many ways, but if they key men lacking form can find it, they're still big contenders.
if only someone taught him to ball as a junior instead of chucking. 
wow... hussey with ferguson... hauritz-krejza i can stomach given how well krejza's bowled domestically... but callum is not half the batsman, nor fielder, not cricketing brain that huss it... damn...
a decent squad, not great... but given how well mr. cricket has played in the tests and first couple of one dayers, and then how damned well dave has played in the last few, my god a world cup with two husseys at the crease - and two husseys in the field, they were both amazing! - would have been good...
i'm pretty sure that south africa will be in final, they played such a fantastic cricket against india and they are excellent at any point of view! india is at home, they have one billion people behind them ( which also creates a lot of pressure) and they should win it for sachin tendulkar who completly deserve a wc. the quality of the youngster mixed with player of experience should give a huge advantage! as underdog i think that australia and sri lanka should be in the top four. so for me the perfect final would be india vs south africa as they are the two top team since the last wc. 
call me bitter, but my money's on south africa breezing through the first few rounds then choking in spectacular fashion in the semis.
one of the most even wcs ever. i wouldn't even count out bangladesh to do some damage. i would probably agree the final 4 will be india, sa, sl and aus, but i'm not even close to sure about that. i *really* hope the aussies don't take it out... they've won enough... but you can't really write them off.

with the format, you can afford to lose 3 pool games, and still make the quarters. then you're 3 wins away from the wc. so really, it's wide open.
**pakistan zindabad!**
i really really really want sa to win this wc. they have always been a top-notch team but very unlucky in world cups.

if india was not playing at home then i'd have ruled them out but being at home changes things a lot.

australia can not be ruled out either, even though last few months have been bad for them.


i suspect that the aussies will win it again, just because that's what they do.

the only thing i'm fairly confident of is that england's one day side is fucking bobbins.
seems the general consensus is that the semi finals will be made up of india, sri lanka, south africa and australia. on paper it's hard to argue with that - those are the best teams going into the tournament in my opinion.

from there it could go any way really, i could see any of those teams taking it out. my heart wants australia to win but if we're going to do it we'll need everything to "click" at the right time (hussey is a massive loss too). south africa definitely have the potential but will need to get over their history of choking. sri lanka probably have flown under the radar a bit so they're in a good position to go all the way. i think on paper though and with the home ground advantage india are probably deserved favourites.

there could be a few surprises too: west indies, england, pakistan, new zealand, and bangladesh are all capable of causing upsets. as mutant321 said you can still lose 3 pool games and make the quarter finals, and i'd expect at least 3 of those teams to do that. then they might just rain on someone's parade.
 
i don't mean to be off topic but are any websites planning to dispence the stream of the world cup or even sell dvd copies afterward?
i can't find any information on how the semi-final matches will be decided this year but i think the four teams will be australia, sri lanka, india and sth africa, with india and south africa to play the grand final unless they play each other in the semis.  india to win the gf
the nz cricket team usually does the opposite to the all blacks in world cups - crap the rest of the time but in the wc somehow we perform well .
i'll bet that pakistan's team will by the end of the world cup a) have someone dead b) have someone banned c) have someone in jail d) get kicked out/disqualified e) lose at least 1 member of there team along the way f) all of the above.
this.
there's plenty of pressure on the aussies to win their third cup in a row. after losing the ashes, aussie fans want ***blood***.
you forgot the most important part:

win
i think this is about right. south africa have not only got a superbly balanced side but i think that they have put their choking demons behind them. and india's batting line-up is still awesome, although the public pressure is something that may work against them simply because of the intense expectation that accompanies the one day format in india and pakistan.

as people have already said, the really compelling thing about this world cup is that all the major nations who aren't favourites are capable of springing surprises. i suspect the windies might turn it on most in this regard; they are becoming a side much more focused on the shorter forms of the game now that their test heyday is over and they are also starting to get their act together at a time when the leading teams might just underestimate them. definitely a team to watch out for. 
sri lanka (:
i hope india wins.
if we make the semi-finals, there will be a party straight from johannesburg to india no return!!!
i have a bad feeling that rain will have too much of an influence in these matches. there's been torrential rain in sl, not sure how it is in india and bang...
interesting point... i hadn't checked the forecasts... 

mind you, with t20 now, this could still lead to good games... the windies, england and aussies are decent t20 teams...
india, srilanka, australia and southafrica in the semifinals. england can't play spin and don't have spinners to trouble sub-continental teams. pakistan/westindies may spring a surprise and reach semifinals.
isnt winning the odi's 6-1 enough?
what? no way! it was ***the ashes*** we lost. we need to win something major to make up for that. flogging england in the odi series was just an appetizer.
i feel it will be india, srilanka, australia and england in the semifinals. and most probably australia will win.
just in case if you are interested, you can play the icc world cup 2011 prediction contest at http://doosracricket.com
of course this is normal.  for example, in tennis the top two seeds can both make the grand final, but not play each other sooner. the top four seeds can all play in the semis.   
almost every tournament and finals of every sport is set up this way.
exactly - it wouldn't make sense to put all the top teams in the same group of any tournament. the soccer world cup is done the same way - a seeding system designed to ensure the best teams have the best chance to reach the final so the quality is as high as possible.

not sure why this article headline seems to suggest outrage that this happens. it's common practice, and is in no way a bad thing.
wait. so you're saying that the netherlands isn't favorite to get out of group b? 
he didn't know that you joined the team.
yeah, i think they should have been doing this for ages. i don't understand why they didn't announce it before announcing the fixtures. i think that the process should be transparent and such things should be made known (to public) before the draws are finalized.
i have no problem with this.

however, those fucking jerks made it so the next world cup will only have 10 teams in it, and "associate members" are excluded (and there are 10 full member teams).

this means however well teams like my canadian squad or afghanistan play to try and qualify it doesn't matter, only the "old boys clubs" will be allowed to play. way to grow the sport!
i gotta admit, i fucking love the fact that the icc grew a pair and made this as transparent as possible. 

the legal ramifications of media law in the uk has forced them to redact certain parts of the report, and i am certain after the crown prosecution is done with the criminal case, the full report will be released. 

haroon lorgat and dave richardson in my opinion are doing a phenomenal job at the helm. i would proudly say that i do not have any issues with giving these two another term or two at the top.

obviously, this is going to be a defining issue for cricket. if it wants to call itself a competitive sport, players should be above such moral ambiguities. lorgat has openly supported that india legalize betting. i have not lived in bombay ( sorry... mumbai!), but i have visited a few times. i can tell you that the number one money spinner for gangs in the city has been illegal gambling. man, spot betting has existed in india forever, i remember visiting my uncle in 1990, and i distinctly remember him and a friend calling a bookie to place money for the first ball after lunch in a test match.

if you legalize sport betting in india, you take the business out the hands of the bookies and thugs. its better for society, its better for cricket, and its best for india. 


sorry mumbai, i can only imagine, because that is what it is called
i do feel compelled to note that the redactions aren't actually very well executed, either. (apart from the missing appendix, obviously).

specifically, try selecting the "blacked out" text.
i was about to be all outraged and then realised it's not available in the uk because it would risk prejudicing criminal proceedings.
i'm from delhi and i approve this statement.
i might be missing the reference here. what's this about?
[http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-12382224](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-12382224)
ohay. we have an mrf, quality bat!
i have special price just for you sir!
passed by the chinnaswamy stadium today in bangalore. the indian team is practising here in the stadium and i was hoping that maybe i'd get to see some of our players driving into the stadium. no such luck. lots of cops around.  there doesn't seem to be too much hype for the wc in bangalore. even the ticket queue was pretty short.
i might have bought a ticket for a match but hardly any interesting match in delhi.
the three times i've ever streamed cricket its been through 'stream cricket online' or whatever - googled it. just been a stream of the channel 9 broadcast, but its been in pretty good quality and free... i can't imagine paying for it, to be honest.
of topic: this title really screwed up ireddit.
in 2007 i used skyplayer to watch the ashes online, it worked pretty well and the quality was very good, so long as i was on a speedy internet connection. they had a deal on so that it was half price for 3 months during the ashes, making it a reasonable £15-17 or so instead of the usual rip-off prices for the sky sports package. unfortunately it only works in the uk (probably bypassable with a proxy or vpn).

in the past i have used free streaming sites, mainly for football but also occasionally for cricket. the quality varies dramatically and they go down occasionally (which can be really frustrating if it goes at an important point in the match), but at least they are free so you can't really complain.

now i'm in china where there is no decent internet, so i don't even bother trying :'( luckily there are a few pubs around that show the big matches (ashes, world cup), so i'll just have to go and watch the matches there.
it doesnt really rain much at this time of the year, fog definitely can be an issue.
join cricket forums, and youll find these websites advertising streams. they will usually run for about 30-35 bucks for the whole wc.btw subcontinental cricket forums that is.
i bought a few series from [espn cricket](http://www.espncricket.net) and it has been really good. the streams run smooth in vlc, a nice change from the choppy free flash streams. apparently they also have a channel for highlights after a match, but i've never used it. 

they are streaming the wc in hd for $35. i think it's a pretty good deal!
"oh, *do* stop whining mr. kallis, i'm sure it's not on purpose...well maybe you should try harder to get noticed, perhaps you could spruce yourself up a bit, do something with your hair or something...what?...oh, well i'm out of ideas then...."
yes it is very open and it should make for an interesting world cup for once. the last two have been really dull and not worth watching at all. and i say that as a patriotic australian.
not good batting by india
good match, india turned it around.
i do not want to make too much out of this win, but aussie vulnerability to spin was pretty obvious. we got a hint of the strategy dhoni has in mind on turning tracks; 2 seamers, harbhajan and chawla/aswhin, yuvraj, sehwag, pathan finishing the spot for the 5th bowler. 
nice.

hopefully haider won't name any of the squad as 'corrupt'.
spin has the potential to undo the aussies this world cup. we've never been worse at playing it.
i have tried paid streams couple of times but sadly they never turned out to be good hd streams.... so frankly bud i just watch it for free over here http://www.myp2p.eu/competition.php?competitionid=&amp;part=sports&amp;discipline=cricket , good site with decent streams. 
australia pakistan in the final. india might make the semis. sa will choke in semis. aus will win but it will be close. a billion indians will sigh with relief.
good win by india, thanks to chawla's great spell of 5-0-9-4.

despite losing i think there were some positives for australia. the bowling attack did very well against the strong indian batting lineup and if it wasn't for a bit of tail wagging (and dropped catches) the total would have been a lot less. i think brett lee looks set to have a great tournament and will probably be our most successful bowler. hopefully the selectors only play either him or tait, not both, because i think it will be too expensive otherwise.

the other positive was ponting's half-century in his first game back from injury. it's still early but hopefully he can carry some of that form into the actual tournament, instead of being a liability at number 3.
our middle order is quite shaky as well, yuvraj is out of touch and kohli and raina (to a certain extent) are both fairly inexperienced, pressure would be on the top 3 and the bowlers to win us matches.
well with razzaq and shoaib back it surely is a dangerous side. 
wow!  i went to bed and we were cruising.  clarke had just got out and i think we only needed another 95 to win.  

great effort from the indian spinners.  
i'm surprised that they didn't pick celine dion, or nickelback, or other musical groups from the great cricketing nation of canada.
there's one piece of music i associate with cricket more than any other and, perhaps oddly, [it's american.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8saierpdfbk)
he could be missed, he didn't do much to get noticed in australia, but quality is quality. i am a fan of bopara though, especially as he gives another bowling option. i think i remember him bowling last ipl? i can't really remember his form in sub-continent conditions though.
they asked me but i was busy that day.
this is hilarious. in fact, the only thing that would beat it would be him scrapping the entire set in favour of a selection of cricketing-themed covers, starting with the test match special theme tune and ending with "f*cking hell, it's fred titmus" by half man half biscuit.

though i'm not personally holding my breath for that one. 
hmm, will it be as good as lionel richie at ipl 2010? that remains to be seen.
no, it's the summer of '69!
surprised that "boost is the secret of my energy" isn't up there.
there's always: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0169102/
there was a mini-series called bodyline
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086672/
i watched it all on youtube once, gary sweet as bradman and hugo weaving as jardine
lagaan is a great film in many different ways...
it has aged very badly. i remember watching it back in the 80s and then again a few years ago - i found jardine to be too stereotypically evil and the film was pro-aussie jingoism.

plus they used actors to play cricketers rather than getting cricketers to act, the result being some very dodgy techniques.
i am using http://www.crickzone.com for sports updates 

i fear [mitchell and webb may have already explained the problem with making a cricket film](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuyk_j_w4bi)
i remember seeing bodyline years ago and found it to be pretty good. after reading onesalientoversight's comment, though, i'm apprehensive to watch it again.
[hansie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1099200/)
i'm sure you are, why with the username and all. 
seems to be a bit of this lately, spamming terrible sites with a matching username. maybe because of this upcoming world cup i suppose.
some of the most awesome cricket movies in bollywood ~ *sarcasm*

 * awaal number
 * victory
 * dil bole hadippa
 
two groups of 7, top four go to the quarterfinal. top plays bottom. 4 teams eliminated, 4 remain. 
he better get back to scoring runs. i don't remember the last time he scored a fifty. and i'm seeing the news channels (indian, of course) discussing the two slots in the middle order is being decided between kohli, raina and pathan. i personally think yuvraj should sit, and these three should play. kohli, definitely. only a dumbass would make him sit with the way he's playing.
iqbal.
i've already got a team for work, and you can join more than 1 right? so i'm definately game.
yeah i'd be up for it!
yes, count me in too.
i'd participate, keep us posted if you do start one.
count me in, if you start one.
you can join as many as you want.
yep got a team already so make sure to post a link so we can all join!
done! pin is 11509
joined the league....  
i think the only positive that australia can take out of that south african game is that ponting and clarke shared a 122 run stand. they were the two guys with the biggest form clouds going into the tournament so it's good to see them get some runs.

other than that though the rest of the team did very badly. our middle order has looked quite weak in the warm up games, and i think if opposition teams can run through the top order early we'll really struggle to post good scores. i hope things change but mike hussey's injury is looking worse and worse now.

as for the bowling - 8 bowlers used, 0 wickets between them really speaks for itself. bit disappointing when the opposition is 3 down when they win only because of 2 batters retiring and 1 run-out! the lee-tait-johnson-krejza combo has the potential to leak massive amounts of runs if they don't get it right.

safe to say south africa were very impressive though. if they can overcome their awful history in big tournaments i see no reason why they can't win it. dale steyn is my tip for player of the tournament too.

i'd like to see bollinger come into the side for the first wc game in place of tait, i think that makes things a bit more balanced. cameron white will want to make some runs in the first game too (if he's even selected!) or he'll find himself replaced with ferguson or paine. just wish we had a quality, experienced middle order bat to come in at 4 or 5... 
done and done!
that was dhoni's cartoon?
joined!
is ireland beating zimbabwe an upset or not?
i'm in!
joined
i am so in.
check it.
count me in guys, joining now
i was surprised, too, seeing ireland and netherlands as winners, but was confused whether they were upsets or mere status quo.
i am in.
joined. my glorious team, the herper derpers, will surely make mincemeat of you. surely.

i got a weird error when i was making my team where it didn't give me a total or how much money i had left, so i kind of did it blind. to my surprise, it accepted the team. hopefully that means i have some kind of unfair advantage.
we play on superbru.com where you predict the outcome of all games played rather than trying build a team. let me know if anybody's interested and i can create a pool.
you can't read too much into these games, but as a saffer i can say that it was enjoyable.
just joined in - can't wait for the world cup - i was surprised how many indian players i added - home ground advantage will come into play i hope!!
i'm in! it should be fun. adds a little extra spice to my enjoyment of matches :)
irrelevant comment at this stage. he is neither asking for captaincy nor retiring at this moment. the comment of course might be correct.
pending!
india successfully lulled into false sense of security. well played new zealand.
back to scoring runs? was the 200 not in one of the last three or four odi's he played? also his test form has been unbelievable. 
on batting form alone, i agree yuvraj should be benched, but he does turn his arm over for some useful bowling. i really do think the spinners will have a big part to play this world cup, especially with all the games being in the sub-continent. 
100% with you with kohhli playing though, that man is playing unbelievably well. for me its a toss up between pathan and raina, i would go with pathan, while he may be a swing hard and hope for the best sort, he can really pile on the runs if he gets going and his bowling is pretty useful. 
thanks for the tip, think i am going to purchase this package. if you don't mind my asking, was the video quality what you expect from hd? am going to be using my tv as a monitor, so just want to make sure it wont look awful. tried using the free streams on my tv and was very disappointed.
master plan huh?
i was talking about dhoni, not sachin. the cartoon was about dhoni, wasn't it?
any reliable streaming source for watching the matches?
duh! see it in the side-bar.
my bad, completely misunderstood. clearly i am completely incompetent, and way over excited for this world cup. 
i missed the opening, anyone got a tl;dr? 
damn i missed it :-(

anyone got a link to the vid?
i've never streamed hd before. it was always sd. i think its their first time doing it. you can contact the owner via msn messenger and ask for a sample hd stream.
&gt; passionate bangladesh provides perfect opening

*for a sport that has a bad history with opening ceremonies, nothing could have been more welcome than the sheer enthusiasm and passion with which bangladesh had put together its show* - [espncricinfo.com](http://www.espncricinfo.com/icc_cricket_worldcup2011/content/current/story/501499.html)


um, i was kind of disappointed with the political speeches in the beginning. everybody seemed to kiss the pm's ass at every chance they got.

made me a little embarrassed as a bengali.
i thought the biggest embarrassment was the oddly dressed sonu nigam belting out such a generic "inspirational" number.
meh, he's like a lady gaga gone wrong, i did not have high hopes anyways.
icc cricket worldcup 2011 opening ceremony video
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

that's a misleading name. doesnt look like they are 'official', as i assumed at first. good tip, will check it out.
predictions are available and regularly updated at http://www.viewlivesports.com
from [their site](http://icc-cricket.yahoo.net/the-icc/overview.php):

&gt; **respect for our diversity** - we are an international organisation with a global focus and act at all times without prejudice, fear or favour.

&gt; **fairness and equity** - we are fair, just and utterly impartial.

great job of fairly promoting the game.
i think it is an ordinary decision. i like the fact that one of the minnow teams upsets a big team at the cup. in the comments someone quoted graeme swann saying that the decision takes the "world" out of the world cup - that about sums it up
how are the 'lesser' teams ever supposed to improve and gain respectability without being able to at least play for an upset? it's... just not cricket.
stupid decision that does absolutely nothing for the game.

i wonder if this has anything to do with the icc's interest in expanding the t20 game instead.
agreed. it adds colour to the competition.
this seems reasonable to me, as it'd be too easy to notify the bookies about what is happening in the changing room
i know cricinfo have an iphone app but i usually just use the mobile browser on my android.
what other world cup has 10 teams?
thanks..
http://www.i2stream.com/channel1.html
working well so far.
it was a horrible mix-up. both of them didn't look at each other. i think, sehwag should have made a loud "no" call to send sachin back but he realized too late that sachin was running to his end.
this is what happens when you haven't batted with each other in a while
virender sehwag is the most magnificent fucking batsman when he gets going. 
by any chance, were you doing this on safari?
joined!
no, firefox 4 beta.
thanks! here's another:

http://webcric.com
please add the link http://www.viewlivesports.com/cricket1
this is good i am also watching on www.gotvlive.com 10 different channels
i do think that non-test playing teams should be given more chances but this world cup is boring with so many games involving minnows. i think champions trophy and t20 world cup should involve more associate nations but not the world cup. 

unlike football, there are really only 9 nations that play good cricket. 
ecb cricket! excellent app. does more than just england.
was a bad bad decision. india making the decision to field first makes sense, as we have the firepower to chase down any score. for teams like bangladesh dew etc should be a minor consideration while making a decision to bat or bowl first. 
i thought india were a little casual in the beginning, sehwag had to be reminded (at least twice) by sachin to relax a bit. this casualness probably led to the runout. sehwag surely more than made it up for it. i am so glad that the middle order got going.
hey if you have bought the package could you tell me which channels do they broadcast? i am fond of the espn star's panel, do they show matches broadcasted on espn?
this stream does not work in the usa.
that sucks. i guess they only the rights to stream it for india, then.
i tried it just now (in california, us) and it worked. not sure if it works during the match.
first place after 1st match, thank you sehwag!

can only go downhill from here...
i'm still finding it odd that a sport as popular as cricket has no downloads on any torrent websites or live streaming. i even find it difficult to locate some dvd's to purchase of old matches. the only place i can find any videos is youtube and they're all compilation or image videos. 
there are a lot of streams.
willow cricket has a stream too. google it.also fro dvd's ebay is ur friend
it is actually a channel called willow tv. the broadcasters however seemed to be the usual espn-star guys, harsa, shastri and the gang. the adds are not the espn-star adds, but their own. i have to say i was very impressed with the stream quality. have been surviving off the free streams for years, but this was seriously a step up in resolution. takes forever to load the stream but once it is up, its flawless. 
http://www.hitcric.info

http://www.crictime.com
i watched the first match [here](http://cricheatschan.blogspot.com/)
cool. often these blogspot sites are taken down for copyright stuff. but as long as it works, its great :)
burrrrn.
wow, i'd like to hear the back story. 

edit: [her explanation](http://offthebench.nbcsports.com/2011/02/17/belinda-heggen-explains-her-low-blow-to-mark-aiston/)
he looked like a dragon ball z character
pm speech, dances, singers from india, sri lanka, and bangladesh, more speeches, intro. of captains, more singing from indian singer, pictures. the end.
of course her explanation ends with - " i had no idea it would get this big."
such a poor performance ever...!
it's chennai super kings, the ipl team i support :(
nice try, mark aiston.
that's fastest?
for sri lanka. the fastest wc century was scored by canada's john davison off of 67 balls, in 2003.
he also said that it was a revenge match, that bangladesh were not a good test side, though an adequate one day team which could not compete on that day. stating the truth without any inhibitions, got to admire the man.
yeah, canada!
yeah, canada!
yeah, canada!
a direct link to youtube video would me much appreciated!
at least he (sreesanth) didn't get slapped again.
was that against the deccan chargers?
mypremium.tv 
i love it. sreesanth would have known. i get sick of the bs spoken by sportspeople after games. this is not that.
yes.
i'm glad he got thrashed by bangladesh. i really miss praveen kumar in this world cup. this guy can't keep his cool, and talks trash. he's the only guy i hate in the indian team. looks like he's not much liked within the team as well.

you know the one thing he said that i loved? it's that he wants to bat as long as he can, and possibly all the 50 overs.

if he manages to do it, we very well might see sachin's 200* record broken.
i had seen the stat before, so was not surprised. would like to see this as a percent of all innings and also number of golden ducks.
interesting that all the talk at the moment seems to be about the australians not scoring enough runs and struggling against the spinners. i figure that it's probably a good thing that it's being brought to the team's attention early in the tournament so that they have a chance to fix things in time for the business end against more quality opposition.

still, i think they'll be fairly satisfied with their first performance. with the pace attack i don't think there was any question that zimbabwe's inexperienced bats would struggle, but confidence is very important to guys like tait and johnson.

seems to me like spin is going to be the big talking point for australia during this world cup - mainly about how well we play it and how well we bowl it. 
for $35, you get a very good quality stream from this site called cric7.com. working great for me.
for $149 you can get all the matches on directv/dish tv.
i honestly do not think sreesanth was bowling horrendously bad, his figures do not really tell the true story. if you saw the match you might have noticed that he was swinging the ball quite a bit, more than munaf or zaheer. couple of boundaries scored of his bowling were inside edges, and the rest of them were good/alright balls, imrul kayes was just on fire, what do you expect? they are chasing 370! we should not read too much into sreesanths performance, he will surely bounce back in the following matches. 
i feel like afridi wins this round.

http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/stats/index.html?class=2;filter=advanced;orderby=ducks;outs=1;template=results;type=batting

bowlers should be skipped on the list.
i don't have either. streaming works great for me.
you have to give credit where credit is due, zimbabwe's fielding was very good. they chased down balls, which cut the run rate significantly, their bowlers pressured the australians, and they placed themselves in the right spots throughout the field. their batting did not match their fielding, and thats what hurt them.

i wouldn't be too worried right now for australia, at least at this stage of the tournament. they have some time to practice and get used to the conditions on the field. 
i say fair play to ricky for batting first and not trying for an early finish by skittling them out!
i began to read that in eminem's rapping voice about 1/4 of the way through and it seemed a bit weird after that...
haha yeah i did not really mean to write a rap, but some lines could be rapped with a little bit of rhythm. i wanted to record it and upload, but i will have to work on it more to give it a hearable tone. 
it doesn't matter, sri lanka is going to beat south africa. and we, india, are probably going to go down against sri lanka as well.
i think it's a deliberate tactic that the big teams will use against the minnows early in the tournament in order to give their batsmen a bit more of a warm-up for the more important games - win the toss and bat first. 

australia and sri lanka both won the toss and batted first in their first games, and would have taken some valuable time in the middle out of those games by batting for a full 50 overs. compare that to new zealand who bowled out kenya for 70 odd after losing the toss and only two of their batsmen spent any time at the crease.

that tactic might change for the last few group games when it becomes more important to ensure that players go into the next phase of the cup without injury. then the big teams might decide it's better to try and end the games asap if they win the toss.
true.  i wonder if the netherlands will put england in ;)
i meant that all the links in the post are free, so why pay?
yes. now everyone will be throwing spin at them. i really worry but i dont think warm ups are indicative of anything. yesterday it was only cameron white who really struggled. everyone else was very solid and ponting looked almost superb until he was run out
a slap would do him a lot of good. 
not available in canada
probably for being economical and creating the pressure.
apparently he also bowled those 10 overs in one spell. not a bad effort when the next best bowler on your team goes for 4.8 runs an over!
or australia.
oh. ok. sorry about that. 
some illegal ones: 
[crictime](http://www.crictime.com/)

[webcric](http://www.webcric.com/)
it's all good, got some working streams in the subreddit sidebar anyway. the free to air tv coverage here in aus has been shocking so far, so i'll make use of the streams for sure.
yeah, this man of the match award was pretty interesting, but why did you say world cup? there was no cricket world cup in 2001.
why is it so bad in aus? here in india we even have hd telecast..
you folks had hd long before us in india
because in india you have cricket in between the ads. 

in most other countries we don't have as many ads.
holland have done well so far.
it's a pity to think we won't get to see performances like this in the next world cup; associate nations holding their own against test-playing nations. really hope the icc reverses that decision. 
2 maiden overs, economy of 2.00. outstanding figures. cameron cuffey won the match for the west indies by keeping the batting team under immense pressure.
thx for the tips...
we actually have ads and a little cricket. some of the coverage is pathetic: ads on screen when the game is going on. [ads] (http://thatscricket.oneindia.in/news/2011/01/28/ten-cricket-pulled-up-over-ad-issue-aid0110.html)
thank god for hd. $4 for the whole world cup. 

50th over: netherlands 292-6 

holy crap. what just happened? 

well, ten doeschate happened and england folded. 

minnows, are they? 
if england were asleep, i am sure they are wide awake now.
even if they lose from here they should be proud and the poms were absolutely pathetic
for their sake, i hope they bat better than they bowled or else we could be looking at the first upset of the tournament.
i'm glad the guys did some home work before giving the man of the match. usually, it's the guy who scores the most runs or the most number of wickets.
in australia most cricket played outside of australia (i.e. away games) is on the subscription pay tv service foxtel. unless you pay upwards of $50 a month for cable tv you won't be able to watch the world cup on tv.

channel 9 which is a free channel apparently has a deal to show all of the matches australia is playing. the problem is that they're not required to show the games live - so while the match starts at about 8pm australian time the tv channel doesn't start showing it until about 11pm. very frustrating.
with performances like this you'd certainly hope so. surely this sort of thing shows that the associate teams deserve their place.
watch england vs netherlands icc cricket world cup 2011 live streaming http://t.co/i5de92j
watch england vs netherlands cricket world cup 2011 #cwc2011 live streaming - http://t.co/i5de92j
england vs netherlands cricket world cup 2011 live streaming - http://www.viewlivesports.com/cricket1

great match so far!! the matches so far have been very one-sided and boring. 

england win the match but they have a lot of catchup to do before they face the other test playing nations
almost.
although it's not to his name, he did effect a run out.

bowling ten overs for 20 runs is pretty damn good in one day cricket too.
ah ok, got it. well, the free sites are shitty quality. $35 is a pretty small amount to pay to watch the games in good quality. 
nice! a small clip would be awesome but i know that might not be very easy. make a table for the umpires with the average right and wrong decisions and then we can have our own umpire rankings :)
you should try some of these free ones. you can get hd streams by trying a few channels. of course, paid ones are steady while the free ones may have problems.
coca cola cup *
erm, "fancied poms"?!  what you been smokin'..
i think that this goes against the spirit of cricket and this sort of thing can only lead to players treating umpires as footballers treat referees.


well, you asked!
thirded!  but appreciate the difficulty in doing that.
go there to watch
did not think about it this way. i agree. well, i was reading this from work so the web developer kind of subdued the cricketer in me :p
meh i think all them high scores are going to be for naught in the subcontinent. you'll see.
do they really need this extra pressure?
are you using a ruby installation?
england's fielding was horrible.

edit: credits to the dutch. they gave icc a good reason as to why associate members shouldn't be excluded from future world cups.
&gt; be civil (cricket it a gentleman's sport after all).

does this apply to 20/20?
wow we have that many redditor cricket fans? :-o
i don't think dada will appreciate eden gardens making comments about him like that!
&gt; 20/20

ಠ_ಠ

can i suggest /r/hitandgiggle?

;)
this is exactly why teams like netherlands and other associate member teams should not be excluded from future world cups.

if the icc ever needed a good reason why associate members shouldn't be excluded from the world cup, they need not look further than the performance the dutch put on today against the english.
how do you see the stats (% or total votes in favor or against)?
this has been posted earlier and it seems that the stream doesn't work in us. they do show ads in us though.
that sucks mate. i cant imagine how bad. its almost as bad as being an indian but a die-hard aussie fan and going to watch games at the stadium. painful it is... 
because india is such a cricket mad nation most games over the world are available at about $2-$4 a month. especially the higher ranked teams and series like the ashes
this does not work outside india. 
well, there is over a billion indians, who are all cricket mad, fair amount of saffers, ozzies, quake victims (too soon?) and poms represented on reddit.
if you hover on the right/wrong icon, it shows you the % of votes.
no, it is a google app engine/python app.
thanks for the ideas.  i do plan to add more features going ahead.

the difficulty of adding umpires is that since i use text-commentary to seed the data, i do not always have access to which umpire was officiating.
but is he going to pay for the damages? what's it with the aussie sportsmen throwing washing machines out of the window and breaking the tvs?
thanks. hope this is the best world cup ever
i can't imagine him paying for the damages. he is the king, he can do whatever he wants.
neo cricket is a channel dedicated to cricket entertainment. it is a part of nimbus communications ltd and is headquartered in mumbai, india and broadcasts to 30 countries. 
he broke a tv with his gloves?

he should have used his bat!
playing teams like netherlands, zimbabwe, ireland will put money in your pocket if you play them and represent pakistan.

ftfy
people from oz are called aussies...
trivia: what does the first 3 english batsmen (strauss, pietersen, trott) and first 2 dutch batchmen (kervezee, barresi) and top batter in this game (ten doeschate) have in common?

they were all born in south africa.

true. ozzies sounds a lot like a bunch of ozzy osbournes. although i expected the nz'ers to be offended first. :) on serious note, they might not be offended 'cause they don't have time or infrastructure to surf reddit.
some people i know at [cricket burble](http://www.cricketburble.com/) did something similar for a while.  see the links for "wrong" decisions and "real" averages.
that sounds disturbingly close to /r/slapandtickle ...
... and a few americans who don't have enough to do, too!
how can you forget pakistanis? how oh how?
i worked for a couple of months in the cricket bat factory next to one of the ones photographed, brings back memories. should dig through my photo album actually.
who cares if he broke a television in the dressing room? every player is angry when they mess up, as long as they control that anger on the field i don't see what the problem is.
a sharon of ozzies?
there was no need for him to vent that frustration on equipment in the dressing room. if he wants, he can go and break another of his fingers. his behaviour was uncalled for, and he deserves to be punished for it.
&gt; australian captain ricky ponting ...

dude this is r/cricket. we know who ponting is.
thank you for this, it is awesome, passing this on to my team.
thanks for the links! they're very good quality.
great photos, really enjoyed the photo journal.

interesting to note that the balls being manufactured in these photos appear to be 2 piece balls. i assume that is because they are cheaper to make and sell than a 4 piece ball. anyone know what standard of cricket is played with a 2 piece ball over in india?

from memory here in australia all the 'serious' cricket leagues play with 4 piece balls. i think 2 piece balls are really only used in junior grades and in some of the less serious hard-wicket leagues, because they supposedly swing a lot more and don't hold their shape for as long.
to be fair...it was kenya.

sorry kenyan cricket fans &lt;3
r/cricket newcomers, you can play fantasy cricket at http://espncricinfo.fantasyleague.com/
just create and name a team for yourself and use the pin 11509 to join the existing league, redditcricket. right now, we have 42 members playing.
i'm sorry but right now they are only wasting time. first month of this world cup is there to eliminated the 6 b grade teams that would struggle to beat any of state teams from aus/eng/sa/etc. barely anyone cares or watches these games unless there is chance of upset. 

also, what good is it doing when players from associate teams won't play against good team for next 4 years. players don't get better by being humiliated by better teams all the time.

i would rather have top 8 teams play best of 3 or 5 quarter/semi finals on the way to the finals. that would still give us between 19-31 matches.
i don't know about you, but i would like for a better representation of the "world" in the world cup. take football for example, during the fifa world cup, you don't expect teams like new zealand, north korea, slovenia, or honduras make it past the group stages, but they're there, because it is inclusive, because it expands the game, it gives hope to countries that can dream of lifting the world cup. it isn't time wasting, its part of the sport.

if you have a sport where the same team shows up over and over again, and the same teams wins consistently, it gives no precedence for the game to grow outside the countries that it is confined to (like australia, india, england, sa, etc., not to mention it gets really boring. having the possibility that a giant can face an upset by minnows is what makes sorts exciting, the fact that a "david can bring down a goliath" is what makes sports of all kind fascinating and cricket is no exception. 

edit:
&gt;also, what good is it doing when players from associate teams won't play against good team for next 4 years. players don't get better by being humiliated by better teams all the time.

that is a valid point.
great but what about us in the us
for every david/goliath moment there are 20 other matches like one from yesterday between pak/ken. when you look at the bigger picture you realize a minnows fluke win is actually robbing us of a better match further down the tournament (e.g. bangladesh lucky elimination of india or ireland's number over pak in the last world cup)

atleast with soccer there are around 50-60 decent teams and 32 make it to the world cup and those team play each other teams regularly like in eufa cup or african cup or the south american tournament. also most of those team can atleast compete for majority of the match even if they lose 1-0 or 2-0 late in the game. the gap between great, good and ordinary sides in football is not as big as that in cricket and until that is fixed cricket world cup will never be exiting in the early stages.
we need these teams playing more cricket against the top cricketing nations, so when the time comes for the next world cup they will be better prepared to take the fight to the opposition.
thanks.
thx for live it..
c'mon the lads! tacaíocht ó mheiriceá!
hilarious blog for this game : http://blogs.sport24.co.za/sillymidoff/sa-bc-d-england-at-their-weakest-since-the-height-of-the-blitzkrieg-and-the-link-between-the-west-indies-and-britney-spears-underwear


i think we have two firsts here today. this must be the first time sa start with 3 spinners (at least since re-admission) and the first time a spinner opens a odi.
he obviously didn't feel better on swisse
good bowling by steyn...my boy kallis needs to step up his game, though. west indies batting was embarrassing and sa bowling has been great.
the west indies are embarrassing most of the time these days.
can't see us losing this game...but then again.

i civilly suggest that if the poms win the cup, we ban them all from this subreddit.
neither do most australians - most of us have been flooded, picked up and taken away by a cyclone, or burned.
must be the first time in an awful long time we start with a genuine leg break(ever since i can remember), not just a batsman who can bowl a bit.
and you've some decent players.
well, with those 2 gone early, a chance for sa to show what they're made of.

where'd this roach fella come from? looks decent.
news for you: amla out at 14, kallis out at 4. score 24/2 5.5ov

so which team is going to win? 

de villiers is hitting good strokes.
45/2
i still think we (rsa) will win, although we might be lacking in batting depth by playing tahir, but he did take 4.
west indies probably should've picked another spinner, maybe gayle will bowl a bit.
&gt;de villiers is hitting good strokes.

yeah he's not messing about.

leaning towards sa, wi will need another wicket or 2 soon.
think he made his debut when the normal west indian guys was striking over sponsorship or something.
lively pace with a bit of a temper. 
check out youtube the confrontation between him and jacques kallis.
i'm 100% sure sa will win.
question: 
when bowler a finishes bowler's b over (like today with an injury), is bowler a allowed to bowl his full 10 overs, plus the other ball(s) he bowled to complete the bowler's b over, or is he only allowed to bowl 60 balls?  
civil? wait until india vs pakistan lol..
i believe in the indian domestic circuit they use sg cricket ball.

australian domestic leagues most likely use the kokabura brand of cricket ball.
thank you for posting this. the fotos make you feel good :)
if you dont include these teams, how will the sport grow. also i for one like to see all teams play, so you can count me in for watching these matches as well.
thank you for instilling more faith in this particular platform.
bowler is allowed to bowl 10 overs not 60 balls. well in todays case i am not sure who came to finish who's quota but lets assume bravo came to finish pollard's over. bravo will only be able to bowl 9.1 overs not 10.1 overs or 10 overs. bowlers are only allowed to be replaced if injured.
i couldnt agree with you more, watching cricket on indian tv is just as equivalent as watching the match live. you blink and you've completely missed wtf just happened.
doubt it, didnt help him the 1st time!
i wouldn't worry. 
me neither. always my favorite match to watch. hopefully both face each other in the semis.
being from bangladesh, i will be cheering for my team. however, ireland should not be underestimated, nor is bangladesh a very strong team. ireland has every chance of beating bangladesh.
you make a persuasive and valid argument.
how would watching your country get constantly humiliated help the sport grow? as a english support, for majority of my life watching england play has depressed me and i can't even imagine how awful it must be to be bangladesh etc supporter. even if the minnows win, most of us will think it was a fluke anyways so what are they really learning from playing in the world cup.

personally, i don't care if sport grows. we get more than enough exciting matches between the top 8 teams we have now. having more teams isn't going to make much of difference and would only increase the time between series we really care about.
if the sport doesnt grow, then it wont become a world sport.
hitting the wicket at that range is possible for any cricketer. the trick is to hit a single stump. not easy stuff like what's shown on the video
agreed. but if ireland are to progress we'll need to back up our bowlers with some great fielding. it will make the difference and has always been one of our strenghts.
what is the need for cricket to be a world sport? what difference would it make if cricket became "world sport"? i don't see baseball trying to become world sport. no sport will never be able to compete with football so it is losing and expensive battle. 
true that. these associate teams lack the experience or exposure to play at the top level just once every 4 years. wish the icc gave ireland and all more opportunities against test teams
zzzz sri lanka ftw!!!
and sri lankans?? o.0
fourthed!
more like choke in the knockout stage!
5 of the top 10 are sri lankans. i guess it says something
its hard work to be that bad
(http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/foezt/live_streams/)
is there any hd that you can recommend out of the list?
those are just regular links, anything hd?
interesting call by ponting to bowl first - vettori said he would have batted first anyway. supposedly some cloud and moisture around though so we'll see how it pans out.

good luck to nz today too - with all the country's been through this week i'm sure they'll be extra motivated to get a win today.
thanks
i have not come across anything and i have looking for the past one year. 
why dont indians have names? i am hurt
i dont know about hd, but [my stream](http://imgur.com/5swjh) looks pretty good. it is not free though, $35 for the entire wc. at cric7.com. i've heard willow is another to look into.
lol. too be honest i don't know any good names for indians. suggestions? 
yeah, me too. i remember the previous time these two teams met in the last wc in india. i was at the game in madras, and it was sold out! harris scored a 100 and nz put up a competitive total that australia knocked down. but at the rate this game's going, people must be glad they didnt go there.
be civil? this is madness!!
a few of them are hd but you will have to try different channels to find out. they keep switching so you will have to go through the channels to know.
what is this 20/20 nonsense you are talking about?
what a start for the aussies. now its important they wrap this up quick and bat well. remember that they could not chase 200 against india in the warm-up. 

watch cricket world cup live online for free
[screenshot from streaming](http://i.imgur.com/dlubu.png)
i don't think there is any way australia can win this world cup. i'm just interested to see how long we can keep our unbeaten world cup streak going. so far this match looks like another one which will take us to 25.
ok. does she know anything about cricket? 
a lot. here is her wikipedia [link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mayanti_langer). much more than the ultra-dumb mandira "dumbass" bedi
willow is usd 129 for the entire wc, but the stream is excellent. plus, you get highlights from all the games.
we definitely have a chance against india and sa. it all comes down to our middle order firing. also we have to stop pretending that we have a spinner.


i think the consensus is that this is a very even world cup in general. all of the top four teams (india, sa, sri lanka, aus) are capable of taking it out, simply because they are all more than capable of beating each other if they play to their full potential on any given day.

i think the team that wins is going to be the one that can perform the most consistently over the tournament, and peak at the right time at the end. once you get to the quarter finals and beyond all it takes is one bad day to end your chances, so making sure everyone is on the ball for the knock out stage will be the key.
this is a pretty major blow, because i think it really upsets the balance of the team. i much prefer bollinger opening the bowling with lee or tait, rather than the two express pace guys that can be very expensive if they get it wrong.

will be interesting to see who they fly over as a replacement.
willow.tv
we just did 

boooyeah!!
boooyeah man! the feeling is superb! :d
the dhaka streets have erupted.
now go beat the west indies and england. that would be sweet!
england is in poor form, it won't be a surprise if bd beat them.
don't forget pakistan. they're looking good.
we sub-continent fans sure are a fickle lot. one win is all it takes for us to go over the moon and one loss is enough for some effigy burning. there is still a lot for bangladesh to do if they want to qualify for the quarter finals. they got lucky today, the batting was not up to the mark at all. in all honesty, they were expected to beat ireland.

let's see how they fare against the test playing nations. 

that said, congratulations for the win today. at least it is a step in the right direction.
i use this website. it is the willow stream and while it is not free it is very clear quality. it is not hd though, but appears very clearly on my big screen. its 35 for the entire world cup, and so far its never been down with excellent customer service and support if needed. you can also view highlights on demand. 
anyway here is the link:

http://cricket.espncricket.net/
how long are their highlights? willow.tv had really really long highlights, up-to 2-3 hours for a one day game.
to be honest i have not checked them out fully. however my understanding is that it is the same as the willow tv highlights and will probably be the same content. 
it most likely will be siddle. i like his aggression very much but i dont know if that will enough for slow indian tracks. 
absolutely, although they're not among the top 4 favourites i think they're the 'best of the rest' and the team most likely to challenge for the semis, if not the final itself. 
they barely beat the irish minnows, they'll go nowhere.
no that is how we start every tournament. we will jolt into action either right at the end or when it is too late.
one another thing. sub-continent cricket fans and media are un-willing to appreciate the greatness of cricketers like ponting, kallis,etc. these guys are legends. you should see some of the comments in cricinfo whenever a non-subcontinental player is praised. 'sachin is the best' type of comments. it's amazing media want to ask ponting about india's bowling in his press conference. these guys should have more class. i'm an indian, btw. 
agreed
sri lanka ftw!!!! 

btw we need 278 not 277 to win
afridi seems to be the "bowler to watch out" of this series.
it's mostly over. almost like a curse. sl don't win against pak in world cups. 
yes! a fantastic win for us but we need to amp up our fielding...
not sure, south asian teams know how to play mendis. but he is still a lethal force against other teams.
these curses are all over, pakistan has never won from india in a world cup match...
dear pakistan team, please get a wicketkeeper. akmal's going to cost you an important match down the line.
he's sometimes really off his game. but the first stumping was amazing.
goooo pakistan!!! much needed victory
i remember cricinfo's quote unquote column had this from wasim akram to kamran akmal - "has your goalkeeping improved?".
till 1999 world cup  match in taunton, india had never won against sri lanka in a wc match. 
agreed - maybe keep him on as a batsman but get a new keeper!
"cornered tigers for pakistan"
they are just refferred to as ? mib"- men in blue mostly
bowled
stuart broad is unfit , england will have to bowl out of their skins to win this one
i'll be surprised if england make a game of it. :/
well it's india's to lose,but as we all know anything is possible in cricket!
if first over is anything to go by, it is going to test all us english supporters.
after 3 near dismissals i had my heart in mouth and my head buried in my palm 
thanks for that. finally an end to inning where only 10% of balls hit the middle of the bat.
yet maintained a strike rate of 130 +.  
ofcourse that is what one day and 20-20 cricket is all about, getting runs from edges and bad shots. although not as bad/lucky as sewags inning from today.
well thats true, i for one am all for test cricket. at times cricket in t20 is just ugly to look at. 
just love the way the guy plays inspite off all his flaws .the philosophy is just so undiluted; score runs come what may 
ah, saurav ganguly doing the commentary!
i think he just mistook tendulkar for sehwag. 
yes, i also noticed that. it was funny. he's not being very fluent, too.
tendulkar never fails to impress. absolute champion.
thank god for bresnan, providing the english with some amusement in this pasting.
last 10 overs was a let down. the score could have potentially gone near 400.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

may be 350 to 360, but 400 was not on the cards. they still got 90+ runs in the last 10 overs.
i just want to say here, i put on test match special on the radio at 9am when it started here, then drifted off a few minutes later, and i dreamed that i was at the match being commentated on, except that it was played at my local ground, sophia gardens, cardiff. anyway, it was the best dream ever.
score was 240 odd at end of 40th over (with pp3 taken too). no team could get to anywhere near 400 from there even against one of the associate teams.
stop the match now, 8 for no loss same as india at end of 1st over. it is the only time we will even come close to being on level. ;)
although his first over wasn't all that flash, munaf patel has bowled well for this tournament. interesting to see how he comes back against players of the calibre of strauss and pietersen. 

edit: sidepoint - possibly the flattest wicket in the cup so far. 
agreed, the top four from each group is pretty straightforward - it would be a surprise if bangladesh or zimbabwe could break into that stage of the cup, although i'd like to see it :-)

it's more about the final four. for group a, if sri lanka get muralitharan and mendis on the same turning deck, it could be easily all over for *any* competing side. australia are definitely at a low ebb compared to the last 15 years, but have a fairly competent side. pakistan have a certain something that suggests on their day they could obliterate either batting line-up. i like new zealand's side, but they'd be just as much a surprise in the semi finals as pakistan.

in group b, i really think south africa, england and india represent three of the top four sides. makes the *current* match very interesting, between india and england.
he looks like collingwood with long run up but even collingwood can bowl faster than 125kph. good to see struas charge him and try to hit over the in-field.

edit: 3rd over in he is now bowling at 135kph, more like real medium-fast bowler.
christ!  it's the middle of the night for me, woke up to pee and thought england's 49 run opening partenership was looking good, then noticed that india had already batted....

best possible scenario is probably valiant defeat.  kp gone as i type!  cue the house of cards.
trott gone, lbw b chawla

i should be happy as an indian supporter, but trott was on my fantasy team...

chawla is absolutely ripping it after that nervous first over...
hell of a century strauss!

though i dont think england can afford to lose him now, he has to keep going.
afridi's captaincy is more worrying, as is the bowling unit.
i was so bloody nervous about strauss! and wtf was bell thinking walking off like that.
i should think that was deep and abiding guilt. 
as an india supporter, i must say england have batted beautifully and paced their chase perfectly. 

also, the indian bowling and fielding have been shite. 
doesn't care about missed referrals and unnoticed chances. if you can't defend 338, you have a big problem
bell and strauss in two balls.

**shit**
two gone in two, now please bring on chawla next to unsettle the new batsmen...
some can, some can't
did you really think it was going to be easy? we always find a way to screw ourself.
it was starting to look eminently possible.
england's about to lose a match that they were very close to winning..
oh my fucking god i can't get a reliable stream at the most crucial point in the game! anyone have one that isn't crashing every 2 minutes?
[cricvid.com](http://www.cricvid.com) is usually good...
crictime.com, try that...
kneejerk response of the night: can we get rid of collingwood now? what the hell was that shot? with him and prior at the crease we had a shot at it. if that's how one of our most experienced odi players deals with a pressure situation we have no hope at all.

/very disgruntled england fan utterly pissed off with streams that keep on crashing
holy crap!!!!!
god damn it
**tie!!!!!!!!!!**
what a fucking game, well done england!!
holy mother of god what a game hahaha
oh dear god, i never thought this game would end on level terms.
brilliant game. but india are going no where in this world cup with the current bowling line up. 
it's funny to realize that india could've scored an extra run of their last ball if the batsman had grounded their bat for the first run of that ball...
incredible, i couldn't believe how the match kept on swinging back and forth.  well done to both teams
even though england screwed themselves in this game, one point should help in finishing 2nd or 3rd in the group which would mean we avoid sa and aus in qrts and semi if we make it that far.

also, i have never been as shocked as when i saw shahzad hit that six. i thought he was a bit of a bunny. oh and munaf next time remember to ground the bat when you are trying to get quick 2. ;)
yeah me too, i expected it from swanny and bresnan but not shahzad.. that was the game-changing moment imo.
so true... with sreesanth as wayward as he was against bangladesh and nehra still not fit they're out of options too; probably really missing praveen kumar right now... 
shahzad.. what a beautiful strike that was. 
i was listening on 5 live sports extra. wish there was a hd premium service, i would have actually bought it for the duration of the world cup, but not 12 months contract from sky.
but england should have really kept india around 300 runs, that's manageable. when the score is 350+ it becomes pretty hard to chase. the last power play was england's downfall. we lost like 4 wickets within 8 runs. england should have won, but i'm not complaining :-)
suprise!
as a england supporter i'm not complaining!
yeah, strauss made 158, captained like a boss!

agree completely. he used to be good and all, but seriously. he retired from tests just to cement his place in the world cup team.
pakis hitting six in the last over against us - not really that new :-)
shane warne predicted a tie before the first ball of the match is bowled.

[http://twitter.com/warne888](http://twitter.com/warne888)
it was kind of apparent with the bangladesh match, i thought it was the dew making life difficult for the indian bowlers, but after today, the bowlers were largely doing this to themselves.
what an amazing match. the last over was better then any cliff-hanger.
i'm in canada so don't even have that option :( i used to listen to 5 live all the time when i lived in the uk and miss it a lot.
then any cliff-hanger what? don't leave me on such a cliff-hanger!
that's true, but i think their beast batting is enough to win them the world cup. although i really hope not, being a pak supporter!
this game and sirlanka vs pak game. this is what you call a world cup. absolute treat!!
i loved it when swann screamed hard after shahzad hit that six. he will remember that six for a long time 
[try this](http://bbc.co.uk/radio/listen/live/r5lsp.asx) with streaming app or software.
should have aimed for 339.
good match thread mate. keep it comin'.
try [this](http://cricket.espncricket.net/), takes a while to load but runs smooth once it does.
shahzad can [bat](http://www.espncricinfo.com/england/content/player/21431.html), he averages 30 in first class cricket. but if you come in at 10 all the time you're going to have a average of 7 in limited overs. 
hahahahaha :d
sorry to be that guy but time-space continuum doesn't work like that
being able to bat/hang around is one thing but hitting the best straight six i have seen in years was just remarkable (most lower order batsmen slog to cow corner ala swann and bresnan few deliveries back). let just say i was praying for edge down to fine leg or 3rd man for four as the bowler was coming in so you could imagine why i was completely amazed with what actually happened.
he is by all means a bowling all-round now not a batting one so we should stop judging him based on his old role. he made the same silly mistakes as bell and  prior under the pressure of "batting" powerplay. he is our 3rd best bowler (in indian conditions, maybe bresnan can move up the pecking order if he continues to ball like yesterday) in the squad so he ain't going anywhere until we find better one day bowlers.
3-0-20-0 is a bowling all-rounder?
his innings was so well paced. he looked so assured too. i don't remember any real close-calls he had. just quality.
really going off one match (what next axe jimmy because he has averaged over 9 rpo in last 20ish overs he has bowled). he carried the bowling during series against australia and had decent figures of 46-1 from 8 overs in the first match of the world cup too. one slower pitches and with broady in place of yardy or shahard means his variety will be very useful/required. 

can't have been easy.  
na, i dont think theres much homophobia in cricket
it's not about any homophobia though is it really?  it's a big deal coming out not only in public, but to your teammates and to the whole world via the press. i take my hat off to him and wish him all the best, and i'm sure nobody in cricket will be in the slightly bit bothered.
yes, that is the missing link right now, pk is a very underrated one-day bowler.
well, just because he's gay doesn't mean he's easy.
surrey isn't a bad place to be gay, there's a string of gay clubs and pubs less than 10 minutes walk from the oval.
maybe not on the field, i'm sure most players would have more common sense than that. controversy does happen from time to time from certain individuals though - just look at the history of some players with other sensitive topics like racism etc. 

there is more to the game at international level than just the players on the field though. you also have the media, officials, fans, coaches, support staff etc involved. i know there will be some dickhead fans that will abuse davies for this, and he would know that too. 

the other thing to remember is that cricket is very popular in a number of countries where homosexuality is still very much a taboo subject. it was only in 2009 that it was decriminalised in india. in pakistan, bangladesh, and a number of west indian countries same-sex activity is illegal and carries potential prison sentences if convicted. from what i can tell it's also technically illegal in sri lanka.

so yeah, it can't have been easy.
cricket is a gentlemen's game , such matters should not trifle the sport
very interesting that as yet there doesn't seem to be any word of this on the cricinfo website yet. my understanding is that they're usually very quick to jump on breaking news like this, being one of if not the biggest cricket site out there.

i wonder what the motivation for not running this story is? i hope it's nothing sinister on the part of the cricinfo editors. maybe some sort of cultural decision?
my understanding is some, possibly many, of the team have known for a while and support him (edit: confirmed by the article).  i think it's terrific to see a younger player take such a brave step, and i'll be pulling for surrey in the counties this year.
if he were really a genius he would have put some money on it...
[there's an article on there now](http://www.espncricinfo.com/england/content/current/story/503503.html) and it's very supportive of steve. 
after 8 days of silence you should probably take that as a no...

as an englishman living in shanghai i know how it feels to be the only cricket fan around... thankfully there are a couple of sports bars here showing the cricket world cup, so i'm not totally alone.

good luck finding other cricket fans!
yeah i actually just came back here to post it myself. that's a relief, i'm guessing they had to wait for the people in their london office to wake up because of the time difference.

i'll stop with the paranoid conspiracy theories now!
bookie
i didn't watch the whole match so this is news to me. did anyone else notice this?
good wake up call for india. i am glad this happened in league phase. india need to improve a lot in bowling and fielding.

india cant win world cup with this bowling lineup, unless shiv sena digs the pitches :)
good points. i can't see any county players giving him hassle for it but i've been at a few twenty20 cup games where the atmosphere is a lot more like a football match with fans shouting at players - i remember a group of yorkshire fans giving saj mahmood hassle because his name "doesn't sound like he's from lancashire" so i can definitely see davis getting some hassle.

i'm not very familiar with the culture on the subcontinent but if same sex relationships are illegal then i can imagine some players being uncomfortable around him.
he's a brilliant commentator too - i've heard him call wickets quite a few times... while he lacks a normal brain, his cricket brain is second to none... the amount of times you'd see him have a chat to the captain, and then a wicket would fall, it was pretty clear he's a tactical genius...
bookies would've payed out big for putting money down on a tie, especially at change of innings. 
haha, thanks for the reply, it looks like i will have to keep driving my american fiancée crazy by yelling at the computer in a language she doesn't understand. i hope you got to see the england v india game the other night, as a neutral fan (well i don't want to admit my country to an englishman, i'm sure you understand) it was an amazing game.   
more than a brave move - when gareth thomas came out he was at the twilight of his career. steven davies is almost unique in coming out with at least a decade of professional competition ahead of him.

i'd have thought the other players would be sympathetic, fans probably (big booze notwithstanding), but i wonder... big games, pressure on, sledging...
good site to watch cricket
www.myp2p.eu
do they know what is the meaning of joke? never met anyone with a good sense of humor
other talking points:

* boyce picked over hauritz. lots of faith in the younger man.
* no chris lynn. disappointing but understandable i guess.
why aren't we talking in urdu/hindi?!
lanat.
also, sometimes there are batsmen who are weak against specific bowlers. michael atherton could never seem to figure out glen mcgrath (mcgrath dismissed atherton 19 times, which is an all time record for most times a bowler has dismissed a single batsman in tests) and daryll cullinan had a hell of a time against shane warne.
it's just retardism. when the icc tournament rights deal announced a month ago, it was portrayed as a great new deal, like being able to watch every game in a world cup *hosted in australia* would be somehow unexpected. the situation with these tournaments has not changed. nine only wants australian matches but it only wants them as filler outside of prime-time. this is almost as true of the main cricket season as it is of these matches. i'm always baffled to see the hd replays of tests on fox after the same day's play was only shown on nine in sd.

what is sorely needed is a fta channel looking to rebuild the brand of cricket in australia. that means not merely just servicing the old fans of tests who just want to watch the session without breaking off for aca's gibberish. it means putting a foot forward for domestic cricket and t20s. get the odd 'game of the week', run it live. see if actually attempting to sell the product means that australia vs south africa rates better than a sunday night movie.
yea i can see where you are coming from, he sometimes  out of the blue blames completely non-relevant things when they lose, but sometimes gives more reasoned responses. i'm not the biggest fan of him but i think it has to do more in the manner of the loses(when they lose big like in eng/aus) and what he's thinking in his mind what the bcci would want him to say. just my theory
sri lankans can get very excited.
bellerive oval in hobart
haha.. brilliantly said... literally had me cracking up..
hahahaha.... the tailenders did whack him around in the end though.. messed his figures up.
they've got the formats all messed up..
they have....

boom - boom afridi is now (lately)
bye - bye afridi.. sadly..
- this is what pakistan's scorecard looked like today...

(kamran) akmal in - (kamran) akmal out - (umar) akmal in - (umar) akmal out
umar (akmal) in - umar (akmal) out - umar (gul) in - umar (gul) out...
&gt;means that australia vs south africa rates better than a sunday night movie.

i'm sure, that if promoted properly, that the aus v saf game would have absolutely out-rated a repeat movie on gem.
queensland sponsored by a mid strength beer, south australia by a full strength. does this mean that south australia is indeed at full strength? only time will tell.
regarding number 2. there are also players who take it the other way. warner, gayle and mccullum to name a few are all really good agressive t20 players and they have adapted that and taken the agression to tests. 
exactly, test cricket is called test cricket because it requires the athlete to be well rounded, not in terms of their specific cricket skill, but rather their cricket skills, stamina, fitness, and endurance. the first time i ever played a 3 day match i nearly died. thought the world was going to collapse on me. it's so underestimated and under appreciated. 
yeah, i was really disappointed with his comments too. the weather is what it is. everyone has to deal with it the same. how a captain works with the situations that are put before him is indicative of his temperament. it was sad to see dhoni kinda "pass the buck" and not take accountability. well played by the aussies, they're looking more and more like their old selves again.
no streams?
that depends on the outcome of aus-pak match. 
how is no. of centuries the criteria for performance and not his average during the same period. he normally bats at either 5 or 6 and rarely gets to bat for a long period to score centuries. the same can be said of any middle order batsman like raina or yuvi. they havent scored that many centuries in the last few years as well. thats bcos they dont get to bat for that many overs. the centuries that dhoni hit earlier in his career were when he batted up the order. you are confusing different formats of the game. if you want to argue that dhoni hasn't done much in t20i's for india, i agree. but to say that he has a bad record in odis and tests is ridiculous and not backed by statistics. 
rain was a factor in the india-australia game. it rained just when the aussie innings was about to start. you can pick a side of a coin based on the possibility of rain, but you can't pick your squad assuming it's going to rain because in the event it doesn't, you miss your best squad. 

every captain is different - some captains openly blame their own players assuming the public humiliation is going to correct them. others prefer to be defensive in the public press and reserve the admonition to the dressing room. the captain of a team like india is going to be interpreted on every phrase he utters. not surprising that he chooses the latter approach. 
it rained for about 3 minutes. 
and the entire field was covered for most of the rain, when they came back out, according to the umpires and ground staff after the game, it was more or less dry. 
he just can't accept that his team is half has-beens who use their political clout with the bcc to stay in the team.
pretty much every other captains first words after a game is "we got outplayed/they played the better cricket" except dhoni, who scrambles to explain why they are really the better team, but the other side got lucky.
nathan hauritz always seemed to give 100%, i feel for the guy
sorry the outfield was not covered. and you don't need the ground staff to tell me what happens when it rains. it's not rocket science. every other team has suffered at the hands of rains. 
and also, do read on the message that appears when you hit the downvote button. 
edit: wait, did you even watch the game? sri lankan ground staff cover the whole field.
only india would complain about their natural playing conditions.

for those wondering what he's talking about: http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/10ppoo/god_i_have_a_lot_of_questions/c6floxe
i am sorry , you are refusing to look the other side of view. 
we bowled badly and the conditions didn't help them either.
hmmm. i'm thinking there's a joke about 20/20 hindsight in here somewhere...
i 100% agree the bowling wasnt enough, the choice of bowlers and a preponderance of spin was their fault.
unfortunately none. reason = shane watson.
good analysis blood and guts you're a top fucking bloke
well they're missing their captain, so no :p
**1) i notice most teams (i think) put their best batsmen up 3/4th, i'm assuming to allow for partnerships with 2/5 etc. but why then do many teams use their power play in overs 1-5? wouldn't you want to either put them in the middle where your big guns will be, or at the very end to help the weakest batters?**
traditionally, in test match cricket at least, the star batsmen will play at first drop (3rd in the batting order).   whilst this is not always the case it's the accepted rule by most people.  in limited overs cricket you really want your top 6 batsmen to be capable of hitting big shots and making lots of runs.  it's also useful if bowlers or spinners can chime in with a handy bat late in the innings.  i'm not entirely sure because i don't watch much t20 cricket but i think the first 6 overs are powerplay overs regardless. 

**2) for the biggest nations, with deep talent pools, why don't the t20 squads look more different than the test teams? isn't the mentality 100% different, both batting and bowling? wouldn't you want different personalities for each?**
adaptability.  although, i think we'll continue to see more and more test match players and t20 players though.  t20 hasen't been around long enough to spawn a generation of limited overs specialists.  test cricket batsmen in the stronger nations have to be complete players who can adapt to the different conditions, teams and environments they are playing against or in.  these guys play for six hours a day for up to 5 days.  it takes physical and mental toll on the athletes.  

**3) do captains plan to have specific bowlers matched against specific partnerships, or do they say prior to the match, you're bowling overs 1-2, etc.? why do they sometimes change bowlers out that seem to be having a lot of success?**
captains are in complete control of the game while in play.  the test match captain is essentially important in the game.  they call the shots, change the bowling, set the field and are responsible for the culture and sportsmanship of their players.  

**4) last but not least, what's the average salary for the average player in the ipl, and for a "star" player?**
i'm not sure but none of them would be short of a crust.
http://www.cricket.com.au/video/live-video

it's not a tv broadcast, just a camera. still, better than nothing.
yep that's fair enough.
haha.. yes.. =)
lyon as captain? wow...
look i have loved watching watson long time, ficky ficky happy endings and all. kallis however has not retired, till then we only debate sobers vs kallis, as the rest is not a true argument.
meh. tests in aus.
rain always is a factor in cricket. sometimes it favors one team or the other. sometimes it is a minor factor, sometimes major. dew was quoted as one of the factors that sl bowlers didn't do too well in the final of the world cup against india last year. it is a valid reason. there can be many reasons why a team loses or wins. the captain or anybody representing the team is expected to answer honestly the media as to what in their mind were the major factors for the loss or win. this doesn't mean that other factors didnt influence the game. its what the player thinks were the major factors. 
did dhoni get some of his tactics wrong in the match against aus? sure, he did. did aus batters play well? yes, they did. was rain a major factor? yes, it was. all of these factors do coexist in real world. 
the rain started during the last couple of overs of the indian innings and the ground wasn't covered then. you just seemed to ignore all the facts that go against your argument. classic case of confirmation bias. 
the biggest thing that rain affects is the nature of the pitch. the pitch started to play better and the ball was coming on to the bat better in the aus innings. so it is not just about the outfield which wasnt covered when the rain started towards the end of the indian innings. 
if australia and sa win, sa could go through if they thrash india too much so for pakistan to go through after losing would be a pretty small window for sa to win by. 
my argument was that dhoni is a sore loser and most of their bowling issue's he created himself, yet he blames everything but his own decision making or team. how is that confirmation bias?
mcmillan just has him beat i think 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu8r25pmqok
yes, but....

all fans are guilty of putting high expectations on a team, but indian fans are by far the worst of the lot. it is expected that india should win comfortable every time they walk out to play, but in reality, they aren't that good. the team is over hyped, so much so that people with any talent are left to do what they want, and invariable don't reach their potential.

players become superstars after a series or two. after a year they are bigger than the game, and are almost uncoachable. the effect on the 'team' is generally negative.

yuvraj singh, sreesanth, harbhajan, sehwag. all these guys had the potential to be the best in the world. the last two came close, but never made it. imagine how good they would be if they played for sa or australia. the politics of the bcci only reinforce this mess.

the problem is dhoni believes the press. he believes that india are the best in the world. match after match they lose, and he is sick of having to explain why. 
i seem to remember that being adrian kuiper. firdose moonda had tweeted about it sometime back.
how did you come up with #2? as i see it, the nrr of india and pakistan differ by a wafer-thin margin. so in the event both teams win, as long as pakistan scores at a margin (runs or overs) better than india's, they are through. 
mate you want to criticize captains, try being an nz supporter...
seriously though, dhoni's playing the game. not cricket, but the bcci/indian cricket politics game. that's the reason he's been captain for as long as he has.
i'm surprised they're showing it at all, normally only fox shows overseas games (it is a world cup though i guess). i think the midnight starting games are live, and the ones starting at 8pm are delayed. spamming them won't achieve anything unfortunately. 
watching the highlights now. it was sanjay manjrekar. 
yup, it was adrian kuiper.
i'd agree with warner, but gayle and mccullum molded their aggressive game before the rise of t20. i think at least in gayle's case, that his adapting to t20 has made him a bit more aggressive in tests. but not much, he was always an attacking player in all formats. 
i don't understand why this thread has so many downvotes.

you're not entirely correct though. there are times when he will fess up and say he was wrong. there's been conferences where he's said his bowling attack isn't good enough, that his batting isn't performing, that the results are his own fault as captain etc etc. he's said just about everything he can in press conferences. what more do you want him to say?

i'm not his biggest fan, but i don't envy the job he has to do at all.
another thing reading the article he makes little mention to the poor effort of their batters. 
chris gayle has never nurdled or poked in his life. t20 has just helped bring that obsessive violent hatred of the red ball a little bit more.

mccullum ... similar.

and reading a bit about warner, it seems he's always been very aggressive and hits the ball up, and so t20 is where he's been able to first make his mark. rather than he's adapted his test game to include his t20 aggression.

however, i think in essence you've got a point. i just think someone like alistair cook is a better example. his test batting gained an extra dimension (acceleration) after he started playing t20 and one day more.
1) *"i notice most teams (i think) put their best batsmen up 3/4th".* maybe true in test cricket, but not really otherwise. as others have said, positions are specialised. you're right about the powerplay overs, and the usual response to this is to put your biggest hitters (very different from your *best* batsman) at the top. for example, australia have warner and watson, their most dominating batsmen, and most easily capable of hitting boundaries, up the top. whereas they have michael hussey, arguably their most talented and versatile, with the soundest technique, at 3 or 4, to come in and get 1s and 2s and frustrate the opposition that way.

2) *isn't the mentality 100% different, both batting and bowling?* not 100%, no. more like 75% different for a batsman, 90% for a bowler. if a batsman is the most talented in the country at precisely placing his shots, never missing, having a sound defence, etc, that will transfer well to t20. the other 25% is made up by slogging ability and innovation. for bowlers, there is a bigger difference, and i *think* that corresponds with the differences in team choices too - i.e. more percentage of test batsman make the t20 side than of test bowlers. the role is much more specialised, you need much stronger variation and innovation.
i tend to agree with you, i'd be interested to know if the media climate was similar in india's stronger period, with tendulkar, dravid, laxman, etc. did the players still become bigger than the game? why did they have such success, where more current players burn out? is it simply that they were plainly better than the current lot?
i actually think he's a very smart bloke who knows what's up. but the indian media and a lot of the fans, are absolutely mental. if he says something to the effect of - "we took a gamble, didn't work, oh well", his house would probably get burnt down.

a lot of people don't realize that a lot of the stuff he says in post match conferences is a sort of 'dog whistle'. its just to keep the lunatics at arm's length
in all honesty, i think it directly correlates with money. virat kohli, undeniably a talent, hasn't even scored 1,000 test runs and has made more money from the game than azharuddin ever did. today's cricketers are living the hip hop lifestyle, with indian cricketers seeming to be the most extravagant in flaunting their celebrity. i think marlon brando said it best "you are confusing your talent with the size of your paycheque!.
to be brutally honest, i think india has to address it's issue of having great players as captains, and not great leaders. dhoni is a better player than he is a captain, and it shows, but he isn't alone. in the last 15 years or so (since azhurruddin retired), only ganguly has been the sort of person you need as a leader, and he is the worst player to be promoted to captain in that time. with the possible exception of kumble, every other captain they have had had been questionable in terms of commitment to that specific job. it's disappointing from a country that produces immensely talented natural cricketers. until they address that issue, they will always underachieve.
http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/10pi65/match_thread_india_v_pakistan_icc_wt20_20th_match/
fair point.

however, captaincy of the indian cricket team is a bit more 'political' than it should be in a professional sports team and dhoni imo has shown adeptness at dealing with some of the sideshows which come with being captain of india.

the tours of australia and england are a different story because dhoni hasn't shown as much commitment to test cricket as maybe michael clarke or graeme smith have. he is still predominantly a limited overs player and has even hinted he will probably stop playing tests to elongate his career. that probably reflected in his leadership on those tours. 
i think the climate has grown worse. in the 90s we had a pretty average record of wins and therefore the pressure of having to win every game and every tour was lesser. fans took pride in individual heroics which the big 4-5 players provided in plenty.

now, indian cricket is no longer strapped in resources and the teams had success in all forms of the game. cricket is big business in india, and a whole generation of fans don't remember a time when even winning a test series at home was a rare.
its most likely a contractual thing, but its definitely a result of the way the anti-siphoning laws are written. from the [department of communication's website](http://www.dbcde.gov.au/television/antisiphoning_and_antihoarding):

&gt;inclusion on the anti-siphoning list does not guarantee a particular event will be shown on free-to-air television because free-to-air broadcasters are not required to buy the rights to events on the list. even if they do acquire such rights, they are not currently required to use them or, when they do, to show an event live or within a specified timeframe.

&gt;free-to-air broadcasters are also currently prevented from premiering (or exclusively showing) an event on the anti-siphoning list on their digital multichannels.
&gt; captaincy of the team is a bit more 'political' than it should be in a professional sports team 

yep, i think you have pin pointed the issue right there. it seems there needs to be a separation of politics and cricket in india, but i don't think that is possible. dohni looks to be really good at off field things, however people like me and 99% of other cricket fans will only ever judge him for what happens on the field.

i think it could be better, but it could also be worse. the team isn't going backwards, but it isn't progressing forward at any great rate. it would be a good move, imo, after sachin and sehwag retire to appoint a fresh captain. kohli looks like a fighter, even though he is young, i would have him as my first choice.
sehwag isn't going to retire anytime soon (hopefully).

i'd pick gambhir over kohli as a future captain. he's having a torrid run of scores but he's shown that he has the mentality to lead. he lead delhi daredevils to 2 semi finals (even though the owner was a cheap-ass bastard who never spent as much money as chennai and mumbai seemed to) &amp; won the ipl with kkr. that's about as close to 'leadership experience' for india as you can get.

plus i always believe that naturally gifted players don't make good captains - tendulkar, lara, kp to name a few. 
and i missed it!
yeah nah, don't see nz weak bowling doing much against this wi team...
gayle does have a triple century.
especially without vettori. 
to be a good captain, you need to have what australia's call 'a bit of mongrel' in your blood. ganguly was a street fighter - if you were in trouble he would pick up a chair and smash it over someone's head. that's what india needs at the moment.
that's a good omen if ever i saw one
first ball no ball?
victory is assured! 
you should read up a bit on msd then. i hate to sound like a fanboy because i am not, but he does have a very interesting back story.

basically, in a country of naturally gifted cricketers with 'lazy elegance' he had no business playing for india leave alone becoming a mainstay batsman and captain of the team. he's worked through the system to get to where he is and had to be a street fighter to get there.

take yesterday's game against pak - a few years ago we'd lose one big game and just never really recover. but under him, the team did bounce back (with a seriously crappy bowling lineup). so while he may have publicly blamed the rain for the loss - the team i'm sure got a dressing down. both chawla and harbhajan were dropped, and ashwin was bowling better.


exactly. and he achieved that well before his meteoric rise in t20 cricket. 
that's pretty cool 
ron hira - from the little i've seen of him - is not really ready for international cricket. i really hope gayle is gone before he trots in to bowl.
yep. the only example i can think of where a t20 specialist has converted to tests is warner and he needs 10-20 more matches before we can judge whether it's successful or not.
wicket for douggy, good shape on that delivery.  not a bad start overall so far
does anyone have a low-quality stream? my usual sources are failing me. 

the cricfree one in the link at the top is pretty good.  a little delayed but good
crictime: http://www.crictime.co/live-cricket_streaming-1.htm
i wonder what the reason for players being unable to do it? maybe it's to do with the discipline needed outside off stump and also the footwork. if you have the discipline and the correct footwork, you can adapt that for t20. maybe if you're always just clearing the front foot or not moving your feet, it's difficult to adjust to the swinging ball?

or maybe t20's not been around long enough for us to see players convert, and there will be more coming round the corner. 
that was truly a beautiful read, sagan bless you! do you realize you're a genius?
runs and wickets flowing so far, don't mind that too much.  as long as gayle is one of them soon
http://tv-link.me/lsh1.php
fucking jacob oram, can't bowl, can't bat.
six off a free-hit. yeah, gayle's not the one to miss those.
he used to do both so well... then he got injured every 2 seconds :(
how did oram go from man of the slpl with a tournament economy rate of 3.7 something, to the dude getting wrecked every time he comes in to bowl in this tournament?
i'd love to see him play against india. would certainly make the series a lot more competitive, hopefully england smashes india. meaning india can no longer brush its problems under the carpet with a massive home win. 
the young guns doing ok for nz. 3 wickets now. compared to 3-0-42-0 for the old heads
good ole southee
timmy!!
&gt;hopefully england smashes india. meaning india can no longer brush its problems under the carpet with a massive home win.


meaning india can't even win at home? outrage! it's a zero-sum game.
my guess is that test match skills will become rarer as players train for the format that's the most lucrative we'll see more players selected for tests on the basis of t20, but there won't be players like mahela, or dravid, or even ian bell. 
southee you beauty!  great delivery.  way to come back from last game lad, hopefully we can tighten up the scoring now
harmison bowling his first ball to first slip in the 2006-7 ashes turned out to be a pretty good harbinger of england's impending doom.
good first over for ronnie hira, need a couple more tight ones like that
: / spoke too soon
taking wickets at regular intervals - clinical approach, this.
yeah, it's starting to remind me of a t20 we played against india a while back, where they went hell for leather but lost wickets constantly and we ended up cantering home.  hopefully, touch wood, this game goes similarly :)
the only problem is, wi are rotating the strike very well. this could put the pressure back on nz. 
wow those last two balls (inc wicket) from nathan were amazing
ol' nate mccullum's really coming along, dat variation, and turn as well
definitely could, although at least the wickets haven't slowed down
anyone here know what sides go well with crow?
thats the way boys. drop that run rate and let the wickets come.
he seems more interested in maintaining his place and not upsetting the status quo rather than doing the hard things. look at the australian tour - he didn't even face the media after a day's play. that says a lot.
i hope every captain watching this game and the one last night realize the importance of early wickets in t20.

bowl your best bowlers early and bowl them through, if need be. nothing stops the run rate like 4-5 early wickets.
am i supporting the wrong team here? don't england need wi to win to go through? 
i'm going to appropriate this thread to talk about how good andrew macdonald, james pattinson and peter siddle are.

they are very good.
if england lose to sri lanka (which is what nz need to go through) they wouldn't be going through anyway. 
what ethnicity is ronnie hira, he has a strange name.
man listening to the commentating... it sounds like doulley has a grudge against taylor
lol pollard
i actually have no idea, maybe indian/maori?
southee you beauty!
it would be good if nz finish second they will get to play australia.
woah, did ravi rampaul get chubbier?  had a few chins going on in that pic
southee: 4 overs, 3 wickets for 21 runs. couldn't have asked for a better performance in a must-win game.
oram to bowl the last? risky...
i believe he is indian. his actual name is roneel, ronnie is a nick name.
all out for 139. doable?
he got the wicket but i still think it's pretty stupid when he had mills in the bank.
typical calypso collapso
definitely doable, but the prospect of narine on this pitch is more than a little scary.  but if they keep their heads we should win
levi has only one talent, hitting leg side against mediocre fast and medium paced bowling. we should have had smith or gibbs there, and dave miller. i can't believe behardien is there, letting balls go in the 19th over. he should never play again. the morkels have no bmt either.
probably says more about the slpl.
bat out narine and their other guys aren't so scary. the problem here is "bat out narine".
can't underestimate badree either, he might not be quite as dangerous but he can definitely keep our run rate down
i think malinga and the mendises will go through england's batting order like a hot knife through butter. eoin morgan (26) is the most experienced batsman in the team.
think nz can take this one. all out in t20 is some feat.
if nicol and guptil get through most of the powerplay overs and give mccullum a chance to fire they stand a great chance. 
i thought i was the only person that read this blog. great writing for gentle ruminations.
wtf was that nicol &gt;.&lt;
nicol's gone! 
narine is really hurting his reputation in this tournament
i'm fine with nicol going, mccullum should be opening anyway
i came across his twitter account yesterday, and now i find myself drowned in the pool of great writing.
the good thing is that he writes not only about current events but stuff like this, that are timeless, so you don't have to recall an event or have followed the news religiously to appreciate the back catalogue.
painful start to nz's batting innings. they're the most relaxed batting side in the power plays.
open-source alternative cricket literature. we need more of this.
the most expensive over so far came from narine, now that's a surprise
ouch! nz please don't muck this up!!
... nz to score slowly and still lose wickets. require 10+ per over off the last 5 and lose...
we're doing ok, calm start was what was needed.  as long as we keep these wickets in hand we're more than on track

edit: well that just would fucking happen wouldn't it
i feel like i have seen this same scenario a few to many times


vintage guptill right there, throwing his wicket away right before he's fully set
i just started watching .. looks like i missed another gayle blitz.

well the hope's coming back... that means we're about 3 minutes away from a collapse :[
lollard
it's your fault.
arrg, good ball and a good catch.  i can't even be angry about it
gayle has some kind of glue in his palms.... i demand an investigation !! :)
that's a good catch... and now the tail's in
that is *so* guptill
oram at 6! not sure if he batted that high for his slpl team. 

*sob* nzl are ruining this chase
cracking up at narines fielding, he could cost them the game here 
am i the only west indies supporter here?
i don't see many on r/cricket. more irish supporters.
ha! you seems to have it in for the guy :p

your concerns are valid. but given how crazy our media and (some) fans are about cricket, dealing with press and dealing with the team are not indicative of each other.
i support them from time to time, but their collapsos make it hard.
so 8ish off the last 5, this one is all down to taylor!
one of the next three overs needs to be a big one, don't want to just let it get too close

edit:  oh we've got 'til 19.4 overs, i guess it's not as dire as i thought
fingers crossed it's this one. my calc said 18.5 overs. don't know where doully got that number from.
i feel ya
oram on strike, we can do this!
dafuq is oram upto? 
stupid hussein narine bowled really well before the ipl, like against australia. 
well if england lose their nrr will drop as well? and if they win it won't even matter
you were not supposed to get oram out!
oram got stuck on strike and got worked over, too predictable
can we please drop oram?
smart move by sammy leaving narine til the death, now we need to play him.
tbh he was never looking confident out there tonight
poor nathan got all the ugly genes. 
i think he's played his last game for nzl regardless of what happens here. he looks completely out of sorts
it's not like there's big batting to come mate, don't get too worried about it
taylor needs to keep the strike as much as possible. rest of them look very rusty.
i think as long as nz are ahead of win in the nrr (which they should be) they're through as long as eng lose.
he has been sick
i really like the old batsman. after i read this, i went and looked at my bat i used a couple of seasons ago and remembered each of the major cherries &amp; edges.

i love my bats. currently using a newberry tt, it's quite nice.
but if england loose very narrowly they will still sneak ahead of nz on nrr.  if nz win by enough (the mootpoint here) that's not an option
too old.
well, no choice now but to take on narine a bit, can't leave 12-14 off the last
pollard/gayle to bowl the last over. nzl need 6-8 off this one.
i hate it i am watching a stream and it's fine all game, then all the last minute cunts log on and the stream deteriorates
understandable! yeah, vics really taking it to wa so far. they've got a super line-up this year, i won't be surprised if they take the shield. that said, it'll be interesting to see how they cope when siddle and pattinson are called up for int. duty.
too much.  i don't think it matters who bowls this last one, can't see us making it.  narine is a freak
so it has come down to **this**...
possible game set match because that. good bowling but poor batting as well
14 from 6  ... wi probably have a slight advantage 

edit: but this glorious game that we love .. one can never say!!
knock-out over. loser gets eliminated from the tournament.
interesting choice giving the last over to a spinner
how can he bowl at 124k ?!
balaji and sammy are probably asking the same question

6 meanwhile!!!!
that was clutch by taylor, so close now, come on boys
shot by taylor!
damn!
fuck's sake, if this is a super over i'm gonna be pissed, i got places to be in the morning :[
superover.
you have got to be kidding me!
oh ffs
what a game! bring on the super ova'!
**super over** sorry nz and wi fans (quit chewing your nails !!) but as a neutral, this is awesome !!  
terrible full toss, could've gone anywhere.  instead we have a super over
another super over? no way!!!!
bend it like bhajji
if it was taylor on strike...
samuels should become a fast bowler he could hit 150km/h
how do they decide who bats first?
and who in the world could you possibly want to bat for you in a super over? chris gayle!
wi gotta be favoured in the super over, narine to bowl and gayle to bat, should be a shoe in
god dammit. not again. come on nz
whoever batted 2nd bats first in the so
team who batted second in the game bats first in the super over
but why?
super over!
not against pakistan. australia is not good at playing spin. india got destroyed because it rained and the ball wasn't spinning. sa doesn't have that good of spin. but pakistan have world class spinners. 
looks like samuels? tricky to get away but still went for 13...
wait, are they really gonna bowl samuels?
oh my god super over!! wooo!! t20 is so exciting, so many close finishes!!! much better than boring old test cricket. wow, think of all the tension!!!

yawn.
ok, we get it. you're a purist. 
i suppose its better than having a toss, and evens it out a bit. you don't want the same team chasing twice. too much pressure!!!
hee hee. don't you forget it.

yea .. i know !! i would have bet money on naraine !
seriously, this could be a big blunder.  well, i hope anyway
i see.
he's bowled pretty well so far in the tournament.
taylor's sealed it
you fucking beauty ross taylor!!
one more taylor, come on you gorgeous human being
17 is good, wow.  but with gayle...  southee is gonna have to be brilliant
who bowls for nz - southee? or nathan mccullum? i'd go with southee
why on earth did they bowl samuels in the super over...
taylor unbeaten on 74 for the match. brilliant effort.
other than that one low full toss (that went for 6) he bowled pretty well.  17 even for gayle may not be all that easy to get.
wow, 18 off of 6 balls for wi to win, not impossible but tricky nonetheless.
gotta be southee, can't imagine they'll let mccullum bowl to gayle
secretly though, i think it's to save time - you don't want the fielding team to take time padding up again. 
oro dum haru grafakhat gayle!
it might favour nz as taylor had just batted so he had his eye in..
three sixes...gayle will play out three dots and bash the next three.
tension &lt; quality.
they take way too much time to play out the superover.
where's vettori today? dropped?
yeah it's seriously ridiculous.  what the hell are they discussing? why should it take so long to put pads on?
injured his achilles, so been sidelined.
"if wi score 17 runs they will win by virtue of hitting more boundaries" 
so wi only need 17 as they've hit more boundaries
the problem i have is that we have our best batsmen batting with a restricted field, yet we cant exploit it. now we're in a super over. i wonder  that if they had taken advantage of it early, they would've been better for it. 
cricinfo says it's seventeen as wi scored more boundaries during the match.
wahahaha!
wow, choke
southee. no ball. six. free hit. 


edit: need 9 runs off 5 balls.
oh dear.
wow! southee fucked up good and proper.
~~9 off 5 required~~
~~7 off 4~~

~~5 off 3, only one hit required~~

4 in 2, oh god
we need a super over world cup
5 off 3
and again
**motherfucker yeah**

let the downvotes commence!
southee :(
3 from 2...

edit: nevermindit'sallover.
well played, wi. feel sorry for nzl, were always in the game.
game over.
nz fans i feel for you. this can't be easy. nz played a lot better than what they achieved.
looks like i was right the first time.  choke.  disgusting
new zealand are so unlucky in a super over.
i suppose this is fair, well played wi. nz has not been good enough this whole tournament to be honest.
unlucky nz. having a 7 ball superover with one ball left certainly didn't help. southee really messed it up.
fuck being a nz supporter. we just throw away game after game, nobody plays with any brains at all and it's so fucking frustrating.

we don't deserve to go further in this tournament, chasing 140 on this pitch against this bowling attack should have been easy as anything, instead our batsmen fuck around and play stupid shots and then in the crunch time we let the rr get too high...

no other team would have lost that game, let me assure you.
it will be very interesting to see how england's inexperienced batting line up deals with malinga, mendis and all. 


i'm betting on a collapse of epic proportions.
orams 'cameo' was the catalyst for an listless last 5 overs i would say. 
pretty much.
he should have been dropped 3 years ago
yeah.  we played a lot better (especially in the field) but it's still the same old problems from the same old suspects.  wickets being thrown away at crucial times right as players are getting set, players getting bogged down and losing the ability to turn strike over, and strange selections that mean we have no hitting below taylor any more.  it just never changes
fucking tim southee!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o1hm-k3auy
ross taylor is so pissed
pakistan would
yeah, he looked like he was seething pretty badly
honestly - does not look very good for eng on paper. but, srl may be relaxed knowing that they're mostly through and that can be eng's ~~chance.~~ opening
haha, yeah probably
right, now for england vs sri lanka
and then they might also pull off an umar akmal!
come on lads!
lol sl swapping captains just for the toss
laidback sl cricket board: not winning the tosses? change the captain.
sri lanka qualified into the semis, right? even if they lose this match?
i think we'll be reet.
apparently kieswetter's dropped. does that mean bairstow to keep?
srilanka is taking this game. 4 favors for srilanka. mendis, mendis, malinga, and home ground.

cricinfo has this to say:

&gt;jade dernbach and samit patel also replace tim bresnan and samit patel.

is there some joke i'm missing?
not unless they lose by a run rate difference of 3.00. (60 runs if eng make 160)
kieswetter dropped for ravbop!  

raises a lot of questions: is bairstow good enough behind the stumps? can ravbop overcome his mental demons? luke wright to open for england then? have england finally realised that bresnan isn't the player they think he is? et cetera. et cetera, ad infinitum.
yeah basically, because wi won their game, if england win, they go through with sri lanka, if england lose, wi goes through with sri lanka, so yeah they go through regardless.
thats funny .. i missed it , they didnt show that on espn3.  but i guess the luck didnt change huh ? :) who did they send btw ?
jayawardene: sore loser.
samit patel is so talented that he can be replaced only by himself.
that's just what i was about to ask. i'd just chalk it to fatigue from covering two matches a day for the past week.
ah reet, makes sense. tough gig though, mind.
what's the verdict on danajaya after his one game? worthy of the hype he's getting? worthy of even more?

i'm loving all the spinners crickets churning out at the moment.
but pakistan would make money from it. 
guess so. he's marked with a cross on cricinfo.
sangakara.
i think so, dananjaya has such a repetoire of spins, he's very versatile for a spin, at such a young age as well. only problem is his size and inexperience, he will either do the business or fall to pieces, no middle ground. mind you, he woke up a bit after that ball to the face though.
he's replacing briggs.
i think bopara isn't good enough, and could do with losing a few pounds. bairstow, however, is competent enough to do the business, pride of yorkshire, that lad.
you think so ? i think the opposite, england on paper actually looks really good. 

they have arguably the best bowling attack in the tournament and for the t20 format, pretty good batters.  eoin morgan, bairstow, jos buttler and dont forget wright whos looked really good in this tournament. 

sl's middle order is kinda soft.  dilshan, mahela and sanga at least one of them has delivered.  you get them cheaply and sl might struggle.


i'll say this. he needs to buff up. bowls really slow for my liking and once the mystery of carrom ball/ doosra/ googly wears off he will get slaughtered.

world cricket is too taken in by novelty bowlers at the moment imo 
cogito ergo sum, in vino veritas, caeteris paribus, ad nauseam.
&gt;bopara (!!!), dernbach &amp; patel in; kieswetter, bresnan, briggs (!) out (eng)

cricinfo seems to agree with you :)

7.30pm: so, ravi's back? he must be netting like brian lara. 


not impressed with that honestly. you have to have some respect for the occasion. walking out to toss for your country is not a lark.
cricinfo has the fixtures up on the homepage. check that out. in any case, the match timings are pretty standard - 3.30 and 7.30 pm local time. so you only have to tune in at that specific time
nolites te bastardes carborundorum.
bopara couldn't buy himself a run against saf all summer. he was bowling ok but can't understand what the plan is with him.

and briggs was england's 2nd best bowler in the last game. samit patel just bowls (and probably enjoys eating) lollys.
its 20/20 man .. and england is a very good team.

edit: wanted to add .. it a must win for england and they will come at it with everything they've got.
haha, lovely!
so we replace an excellent out fielder of jonny bairstow with ravi bopara who is less excellent.
i don't think they have the best team for the conditions. a lot of their team is on their first tour of the subcontinent.

and the best bowling in the tournament on paper has to be pak - 3 highest wicket takers in t20i??
question for sl fans !

i havent seen dhananjaya and seem to think herath is a pretty good bowler. your thoughts ?
 ha! i can't take credit, margaret attwood used it in the handmaid's tale. i nearly went with "dulce et decorum est pro patria mori", but it seemed a little dramatic for a cricket match.
to avoid match-ban for slow-over rate?


edit: sl is guilty of way too many 'spirit of cricket' infractions.
completely agree with you on pak .. hence the rider 'arguably' and we are discussing 'on paper'.  but i still think they have the talent to do well in the subcontinent. 
who else would you rather have as keeper? more important to get the best keeper available that the best outfielder imo.
herath is a bit of a journeyman, decent bowler but never close to being a superstar. england will make him look like murali though.
&gt;samit patel just bowls (and probably enjoys eating) 

hahah probably ??

the only thing i can think about bopara is that he's decent against spin ? i dont know, reaching over here :) 
well let's see if akila dananjaya decides to field with his hands or his face...
dang sri lanka's national anthem is almost as long as their names!
it's sangakkara's turn to captain again? how long until i get my chance to captain sri lanka?
didnt consider that.  you have a point.
how long is the sri lankan national anthem?
comment of the day.
i believe the sl selections committee wants to try out new talent and imo switching herath out shouldn't effect the dynamic too much.
&gt;samit patel is so *hugely* talented that he can be replaced only by himself.

ftfy
so apparently they switched captains at the toss - not because of the toss but because jayawardene faces a match ban, if their over rate was slow in this game.

i wasn't a fan of the move earlier, and am appalled by it now.
the important thing is that he's decent against spin *in comparison to the rest of the rabble*.
when you can balance on one foot and recite the whole of the mahabharata from memory.

they do seem to get away with a bit don't they?

if it were ind, aus, eng or pak doing this, they probably won't get laughed away so easily.
mahela,sanga,malinga 

wright,morgan,swann

these are the players i am hoping do well .. because .. cricket !
if the ball was a cream cake, i bet bopara would have got down for it.
but shouldnt they be trying out new talent in the batting dept ? this is where they need some help, i'd think.
eeesh, i wish i had your confidence.
dernbach is looking a bit sharper this game
fucking hell, come on swanny, pull your finger out.
nice to see bopara has made a contribution to the game, so early!
http://i.imgur.com/q2jt4.png

bopara's looking awfully mopey, bairstow's clearly high, broad's a muppet, and patel's just spotted a scone.

fine looking team!
ok, i'll admit, maybe a tad bit of wishful thinking here, but  i want to watch a good game of cricket dammit !! can you blame me for it ?


most fans are very happy when england get stuffed. *most* england fans excepted.
i thought it was the aussies 
latin or greek? leaning towards latin. i can't tell the difference sometimes.
so much bounce in that pitch . didn't feel like a typical sl pitch.!
latin(ish). i've pretty much exhausted my repertoire though.
it would be a nightmare for india, i'm pretty certain of it.
luke wright needs to put on some height !
[and caught](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4mmzzybzya).
clueless cricket 'pundit' is hilariously clueless:


&gt; wondeful gesture by mahela to let sanga captain as acknowledgment of his contribution...


via @cricketwallah
dilshan departs. on ya bus, mate.
i was convinced this was going to be ravi shastri.
yeah, now england only have to dismiss two of the best batsmen of their generation and everything will be fine.
veni, vedi, exhausted?
what teams need to do to progress to semis      
http://www.espncricinfo.com/icc-world-twenty20-2012/content/current/story/584949.html    
there, there.
sri lanka riding their luck here. 
aaahhhh....that makes a little more sense...
more like veni, vidi, confusum est.
sri lanka is now at #1 position in the latest icc t20 rankings.   
 bopara doing alright.
i wonder what the match referee is going to think about that.
i know, i like it! 
well australia keep letting this guy called george bailey go take the toss for them instead of the captain. dunno what's going on there.
jayawardene .. how good is he ??
also played on once before today, so a bit of turn and unpredictability, very fun pitch.
india won the toss in that match and they would have had weather experts on hand/ on the phone. it's no excuse
almost as good as it's possible to be. the test where him and pietersen both scored centuries recenty was as fine an example of contrasting styles as you could wish to see.
definitely. i think it was bumble who said that this pitch rewards good bowling and good batting, which is how every pitch in the world should be. 
one of the best batting techniques out there imo.
not any more, though. 
i think i jinxed him.  
holy crap, sri lanka's tail is long. 
jayawardene gone!
swann !! wait .. was there a nick ?
swanny!

yes! sangakkara gone now! the tide is turning methinks.
thanks!
no, really. thanks.
so here .. sl fans the top 3 have given the team a great platform, lets see who from the middle order stands up and delivers !
yeah swan just got rid of 2 batsmen who must have 50,000 runs between them in 2 consecutive balls!

edit - uh,oh!
yes .. 'smooth as a babys bottom'
two wickets for swann to start the over, two boundaries to end it. twenty20 at its finest. 
y u do that :(
:) .. i dunno, i want england to do well in this game , but i like watching him bat.  even when he gave us (india) a hiding in the wc finals.
that's how i felt about amla this summer.
i dunno .. sorry brah !
jeevan seems to be standing up at the moment.
i'd get ravi "golden arm" bopara in for an over or two now.
when he can find the ball :)
poor bairstow , he is under so much pressure . !
yea .. i can see that.  there's another sublime batter for you.
for any wicket keeper, the turn on that ball was crazy.
despite the big double from swann, mendis and mathews have kept the runs coming pretty well. 
i think it would have been better to drop kieswetter down the order and leave bairstow to concentrate on his batting. a must-win-match is not the right time to have a wickie debut.
sri lanka, england and the umps wearing literally the same shade of blue
sanga was saying before the tourney that the wickets in sri lanka have been prepared for seamers.
did anyone else notice how well taufel had set himself up for that run out call ? he's gonna be missed.
well, he keeps for yorkshire, so its not like he doesn't know what he's doing, but i get what you're saying, plus his last time keeping was several game ago. i agree with dropping kieswetter down the order so that jonny can stay on his batting.
spare finn a thought.
nothing going england's way right now - first that finn catch/six, and the boundary just now. 

edit: and broad strikes! what a back-and-forth tussle this innings is turning out to be. 
such a good catch, shame it was out
poor bastard, he deserved a catch for that effort. 
bairstow looks like he's shitting himself.
good stuff!
i think you need someone like gary kirsten. there is no dearth of talent in your country, it is something to do with mental conditioning. that guy knows how players should deal with pressure. he teaches them how to fly like a bird and sting like a bee. case in point india and sa.

as someone who has a soft corner for nz, i really wish well for your team. so sad to see losing again in final over.
another double for england?

what the hell
yes! go on broady, my son.
you mean not out ? :)


it's going to be a hat trick
it is more than that.

the field has to be same as the last over.

umpires have to be at the same end.

both teams should bowl from the same end.

ball should be in same condition.

captains have to ggive the names of 4 players in writing.
etc.


the first one is what takes so much time.
chris ??
sl's run rate is good enough, but with two new batsmen at the crease and no more batting to come, this is going to be a tight passage of play. 
perera the big hitter ! maybe ?

edit: big swinger :)
if sl get more than 150 .. advantage sl . imho
finn's career figures are pretty impressive. 13 20 3/16 6.68 
what a shot from perera

a nonchalant six! 
dernbach, why are you even in the team?
those two sixes just changed the complexion of the game...again! this innings has been breathless. 

edit: what a comeback! 
16 from the over. jade shouldn't be anywhere near the death overs.
what happened to dernbach all of a sudden ? he used to be so good in the death !!
never. boring as hell.
he's been figured out. i never rated him highly.
evidently !!
i think that's probably won the game for sl. i can't see england chasing more than 150.
they should be thinking .. what would malinga do ?
please make it stop.
yes!
well, ok, i'll try not stating the obvious!

he uses variations to often to try and force a mistake from the batsman, doesn't use his stock ball often enough, often pitches it too full.
this is a great comment, you brilliant person! you deserve more upvotes. [my reaction to your comment](http://i.imgur.com/d7tbk.gif)
i'd say the stage is set for whoever comes in next to just throw the kitchen sink at it. scrambled singles, edged boundaries - perera and thirimanne have done enough to give the tail a cushion. 
if perera gets bat on ball in this over, that could be the game. 
my good sir .. can you please replace harsha bhogle ?
168/6 is a tough chase but doable. just need to see how we stand up to their spinners, this pitch is a very fun pitch with a lot of turn and we're not exactly the best at facing spin.
169 ... a really good total given sl's bowling strengths @home . but england, make a match of of it !!! come on boys !!! 
[don't let me fool you.](http://imgur.com/xtbio)
not an easy target and not impossible - spin and malinga are the problems!

only one of the top 7 batsmen failed to hit a 6 - so fast runs are possible.
i don't think sl are a shoo-in, but england are going to sweat out there.
srilanka middle order 1 : doubters like me 0


guts and glory time.  if you can't score the runs, get out and let someone else have a go.
the top 3 already had 74 runs
are you the new reddit 'thing'? explain yourself.
do we really want to see england all out in the first 6 overs?
i was wondering the same thing. enthusiastic praise? what the fuck is going on here?
second time i've seen 'it' around today. checked his comment history, yep, definitely a new 'thing'.
what's that extra run all about then?
come on lukey, settle in and make another big score.
i did exactly the same! still, it's a small subreddit thing. can't see it going well in the defaults.
he's trying too hard anyway. it's a poor man's 'thing'.
not a bad start.
beautiful.
luke wright seems to be a pretty nerveless character.
too right brother. 
there was a one short during sl's innings. maybe the match referee/third umpire felt the run was actually good? 
cmon johnny bee

gutted.
that was the most ridiculous play of all time. 

edit: wicket, farcical missed run out, wicket. what an over. 
fuck me, that made my arsehole whistle.
oh god let it end
ffs.
as long as their names?
holy crap, three wickets in the over

could have been four
when the gods wish to punish us they do so by answering our prayers.
aw jesus, we're getting mullered
agreed .. and this is not over yet :) 
i hate in when i'm right. i knew england wouldn't stand up to malinga.
yea .. thats what i thought ... it was not lbw
i've had to post that in the last 3 eng match threads.
england is suspect against ~~spin~~ bowling 
not a good call from steve davis. but maybe a fair trade for sangakkara's dismissal :p 
ftfy; wicket, farcical missed run out, wicket and wicket what an over. 
yikes this is not going to last very long!
i can't tell if you're being sarcastic?
and i thought pakistan had trademark on the worst batting technique possible!
my god, its a mascara. 
malinga's making mincemeat.
david lloyd is my favourite commentator
maybe .. but if i  could see the base of legstump when live .. i expect umps to as well.  hearing a nick is much more iffy, lot more factors and i tend to give them that.
bring back malinga and finish this mummer's farce
&gt;england is suspect against ~~spin bowling~~ cricket
well we were on target for that but patel has other ideas.
oh no, not a mascara!
that was a good over - patel read kulasekera very well, but dilshan fielded brilliantly to prevent any more damage. 
dude, wicketkeepers are *supposed* to stand like that.
that's fair. the ball was certainly moving towards the leg side, but i was surprised to see by how much it was missing the leg stump. 
yeah, we need to save face.
is mendis bowling badly, or is patel playing well? 

edit: ...yeah, bad bowling. 
about fucking time that we get some boundaries.
very good.
would it considered mean if i said " patel is throwing his weight into the contest " ?
bad sport, yes. funny, definitely.
why are sri lanka toying with england? bring back malinga and end this, please
bowling practice for the others :p 
and batting practice for us.
/u/jimsaysdoitthisway has been crying hoarse about patel being a good player of spin here. good call, that!
patel must not like agatha christie.

"mysteries" don't mean much to him.
definitely enjoying patel's innings
ticking over nicely now, good couple of overs.
must be doing great for mendis' confidence. getting whacked around by england.
next up on the conveyor belt of doom...
morgan out, i don't think it's gonna happen now.
bad choice with the reverse sweep, morgan.
ravi needs to play the innings of his life.
what is with england's fascination with reverse sweep? the match was evenly poised, he just threw his wicket away imho
maybe not the worst thing in the world. sl's progress in the tournament is only going to get tougher, and if mendis can work out his weaknesses in what *should be* a sealed game, then it'll make him a better bowler for the bigger challenges. 
morgan is like tendulkar! when he gets out my finger instinctively goes towards the 'power' button on my remote.
why is owais shah not in the side? 
76/5, all over for england. unless they pull a pakistan. 
i think some of it is to do with gooch- the batting coach- and flower having both been such excellent sweepers of the ball. although it's been said in the media many times that they've tried to teach them not to do it.
morgan's not great against spin. especially in these conditions. and usually plays the reverse sweep better than anyone in  the world.
he's been discarded a long time ago. he was quite ordinary for england and don't think he did really well in their domestic t20 tournament either.
they can, only if they have a pathan in their lineup.
keep patel on strike and hope for the best. 
sadly for ravi bopara that could actually qualify as the 'innings of his life' 
from what i remember, he was an explosive t20 batsman.
oh my god, its a mousakka.
i guess that's a mistake. in the scenario explained, pakistan goes through. 
i take it bopoopoo failed again?
yeah, they've really made a meal of things.
...why is he there?
i asked the same [question](http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/xzr3c/does_anybody_know_why_owais_shah_wasnt_included/)

edit: unfortunately the really helpful answer came from a deleted account.
here is what the linked quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:

&gt;title: it was only spin that troubled england, they said.

&gt;meme: broadface

&gt;* it was only spin that troubled england, they said.
&gt;* they would have no trouble playing the paceman, they said.

&gt;^[[direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r5hj6.jpg)] ^[[background](http://imgur.com/obb6n)] ^[[translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||it+was+only+spin+that+troubled+england%2c+they+said.+-+they+would+have+no+trouble+playing+the+paceman%2c+they+said.)]

this comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access quickmeme images for any reason. some of those reasons are described on my [faq](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. more information about me can be found in my first [ama](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
is england allowed to send in umar gul ?
only if they make him play in english team. they can do that after all umar gul was born in ...in...the world.
what do you think of buttler? i haven't seen that much of him before this tournament, so i can't really comment on him.
so sri lanka qualify for the semi-finals regardless of the result of this game. does this mean that england are eliminated? 
always had him down as a clutch t20 player.
no, it means that sri lanka's run-rate can't go low enough for them to not qualify for the semis.
england are already in the semi-final. only thing is it is the women's team ;)
what was the top deleted comment? about him not being a team player?
only after we lose. in unlikely event we win wi will be eliminated. honestly, neither eng or wi or nz should be in the semis. sadly all the good teams other than sl ended up in the other group.
sl men's team vs. england's women's team. that'd be interesting. 
yeah, i think sl really lucked out with that. the other super 8 group is really the group of death. 
who is the girl in the picture?
he is good in the ipl. however the ecb seems to regard their own domestic t20 tournament for selection and i suppose buttler/ wright/ bopara did better there.

nasir hussain mentioned once that they also wanted to go with a very young athletic squad for this tournament and i don't think owais would make that cut.
wow, patel is playing his own game out there. some consolation for the reigning world twenty20 champions. 
no .. the only thing the are going to pull . .. is a muscle
samit patel's blitzkrieg - storm before the lull?
something along the lines of "he argues with the management, didn't want to train"
i know her, i can hook you up if you like?
so much premium on young players. doesn't hurt to have a steady bat around.
he's not done anything of note yet.
well, i'd like to say england have ahd a good run, and now it's over.


but that lie wouldn't benefit anybody.
come on swanny, great over there off of malinga.
"hi, umar? it's swanny." 
it is still not over.go swann!! what  an innings he is playing
swanny's having a bloody good go though. 
yes, yes he is.
the world champions are playing like world champions! 
for the first time since they became world champions!
i don't think i've ever seen malinga treated with such disrespect. this is unreal
that's one way to get your respect back! 
:(
heroic bloody effort from patel. 
take a bow samit patel ... 
c'mon finny! remember, you hold the bat by the circular bit with the rubber on it.
i can't see us getting 26 off 6 balls. i think the fat bitch is beginning to open her piehole.
dunno, with way swann is going... 

edit: sorry. 
anyone know why that wasn't a free ball?
...anddddd it's gone
didn't overstep.
well jimsaysdoitthisway , you can count me amongst the eternally hopeful idiots. sorry brah !
well, that's annoying. and thanks for understanding what i meant by "free ball".
some english fan somewhere is cursing tim southee.
not all england fans are as bitter and negative as me, don't sweat it!
done and dusted.
well played sri lanka. england deserve to go home.
https://twitter.com/darrensammy88/status/252824474364301312

i guess sammy really enjoyed the game.....
well played.
agreed although our performance has been flattered by only losing by 19 runs, should have been more.
defineetly as said by russell arnold from the commentary box.
def-a-neat-ley. 
why this kolaveri?

ps: i agree with almost all the points. 
hee hee
definitely agree with most points, but you have to feel for dhoni too. sehwag was dropped for one match and india lost and suddenly almost everyone in indian media started criticizing dhoni as if sehwag had been in top form and was dropped or something. this is the same media that is always bashing sehwag and turned so quickly to opposite side when he was out. i think that is one reason why sehwag has not been dropped and also gambhir.  though media should not dictate team selection, i am sure there is a lot of pressure on the captain because of them. 

rahane should definitely be playing test cricket and rohit should be given a few chances. i know he is not doing well in odis, but since we are losing in tests anyway, we should just give him a chance and see how he plays in that situation. he might suddenly be a new laxman in tests. badri is fitter than all other cricketers his age and in good form and would walk into most test teams and be given more chances than we have given him. 
no way they will lose the series, india will most likely draw/win at home,  though pietersen's exclusion would have made that a lot easier. 
tomorrow, india will be praying for an australian thrashing of pakistan.
pakistan and sa will be praying for the law of averages to catch up with shane watson! 
i read it in his voice. damn scary 
you sire... you detected a flaw in the mothership. take a bow.
&gt; i'm reading comments (mainly on cricinfo) by india fans who seem to think that india's the best team in the world, blah blah

rookie mistake!!! i am sure if we ever go back to manoj prabhakar and navjot sidhu days, indian fans on cricinfo will still think we're the best team in the world.

for me - if balaji and pathan are 2 out of our 3 best fast bowlers then we have without doubt the *worst* seam attack among the top 8 nations.  


dhoni shouldn't even be in the test squad, imo. i can never say this to my friends without causing mass hysteria. his t20 role is also becoming more and more questionable by day. 
they say australia is in a rebuilding phase. but look what they have in their fast bowlers: hilfenhaus, siddle, pattinson, harris, starc, cummins and even watson. our best fast bowler, khan, is probably as good as watson, and bowls slower than him.

yadav is quick, no doubt, but he is not even in the league of the above mentioned names. so is aaron. the indian team seriously depresses me. i'm considering adopting australia and ireland.
change your flair to england. come over to the dark side. there's a century of bathos behind us.
now let's hope that on tuesday it rains so hard in colombo that the whole stadium turns into an ocean and literally, even a single ball is not possible.
oops.
i know, secretly i hope england smashes it but deep down i know that won't happen
the pace bowling department is what makes me cringe all the time. i feel the way the bcci gives so much importance to batting, let alone a world-class bowler even a decent pace bowler will not emerge from the indian team for the next decade-or-so. it is sad but true. i was never a fan of pace bowling but it is only until now i realized you need at least one bowler who regularly clocks 140k and can bowl good yorkers. is there anyone in this wc squad that can do that?!? you say yadav and aaron? i doubt if they'd even make the reserve squad for any of the other major test-playing nations.
why? if nz won we'd probably be through
one gets the feeling...
so in other words, john wright...

i'll swap any 3 of the batsmen you named as under performing for any 3 nz batsmen...
for australia it is the batting, no good young batsmen coming through. 
his purple patch has lasted around 2 years now.
don't worry about our batting, we still have umar gul
maybe it's because pakistan was bowled out in their last game where as india has played out all it's overs.

idk, i'm no expert and i'll leave it to the statisticians to tell me which side of the border i will be cheering for in this tournament.
he could use a bit of sachin's humility though. that said he's a phenomenal talent and comes across as a fighter. i'm a believer of the idea that if you're that good, you can get away with having attitude. he might not win any popularity contests with fans from opposing teams, but i doubt he really cares.
exactly. it's not a purple patch. this guy is one of  the best 23 year old batsmen the world has ever seen.  i remember watching his first ever odi ton. boy did he look special. people still comment saying that he is the star player of the future. to those people i say "open your eyes". he played every game of india's world cup campaign. since 2011,he's been a star of the present. 
take sehwag and gambhir. we'll have taylor and then either mccullom, williamson or ryder 
it all really depends on whether pakistan's batsman decide to show up, and you'd have to be mental to make a call on that one. remember, this is australia, whatever problems they may have against spin, they're not sa, and they rarely go down without a fight.
and, what we would do get an umar gul... 

&gt;you can get away with having attitude


toned down a notch lately. he seems to be in the right company these days.
ties being rare, planning for such an eventuality will be tough for teams. but it will make the post match press conferences interesting. 
q: why  didn't  you hit out or get out?
a: i was playing for a tie. 
i am not following this. context??
just a reminder: kp was probably one of the most over-rated player before his century against sa and this brouhaha. he will still continue to be over-rated. unfortunately none of the others in the english team is as good as him. 

given that, i will pay money to watch him bat when he is on song.



you can have ryder. he will play 1 good innings, "celebrate" too much and end up out of the team for the next year. 
&gt;i understand that batting skill is batting skill - but in test, don't you want an extremely patient batter? someone who will just dig in and stay alive, regardless of the run rate? or a "singles hitter", in baseball terms, vs. a "home run hitter"? and in t20, the exact opposite, a very aggressive batter?

you can simplify it to yourself this way: every cricketer has to have a test character. be a test being. the personality may be adaptable to any other version of the game he has to play. tests are truly in one sense tests of character - how well you stand up to all of what's thrown at you. 

having a patient batting side is essential in cricket. the most respected batsmen like are quite like that. for some measure, add ravi shastri's name alongside them as well. :d then, the most 'celebrated' batsmen like viru, kp, etc are a lot more flashy with their stroke play and give a sense of being a hit or miss. 



&gt;for the batter/bowler question, how much does pitch condition play in the selection? is there a large variance in pitch conditions?

the bowling team changes more due to pitches. pitch conditions are one part of the match conditions which include the geographic location, climate, weather, and so on. the geographic location of the pitch generally influences the nature of the soil, and thus the turn and bounce the pitch offers to the bowlers. if it is a hill-locked or wind-ward, or lee-ward location, or a sea board town, that plays its own part in how much the breeze influences the swing of the ball. the climate affects the players themselves a lot, in particular humid places like kolkata, madras, or mumbai are noted for fatiguing out players too quickly. the weather on the day may shuffle the selection in case there has been rain already, or there is rain expected after the start of the match. in the first case, the pitch skids a little and a fast bowler or a quicker spinner like afridi or kumble can benefit. in the second case, a batsman may be added into the line up to have a better score against the d/l system. 
i am a pakistan supporter so let's hope you are right.
[as a pakistani in this thread](http://i.imgur.com/tcp90.gif)
virat kohli in odi's-  last 2 years  
56 matches 2759 runs 11 centuries 57.47 avg..  
if he plays another 10-15 years and stays in decent form, he will give tendulkar's record a run for its money.  
added quality, he not only scores runs but wins matches. that helps!!
umar akmal has the talent to be a virat kohli. amazing player when he gets going. if only someone can sit him down and get his head straight. also umar should not be batting at number 6. he should be batting at number 4 in all forms of game.
another graduate from the andrew symonds cricket academy?
&gt;where as india has *bowled* out all it's overs.

that win-by-10-runs is not adequate information. it also should include information about how many overs the oppositions australia and south africa get to the 150, since nrr is calculated by rr achieved minus rr leaked. 
akmal and kohli are the two most exciting batsmen in a while. i also just love how outside of the cricket norm kohli's attitude is. sure he's a bit of a knucklehead but he'll turn that into real leadership down the road. 
virat kohli is awesoem to watch, real great talent!

how about shane watson though? he seems to be playing a different game than everyone else! 4 x mom awards in a row! i hope he keeps destroying everyone!
our pace department is worse than mediocre, but then i don't think we, as a team, are as bad as you are putting it out here. gambhir is out of form and i would not have in my test squad any more, but at the moment it's t20 and having him in the squad is a 50/50 decision. you do agree that kohli and raina are good, yuvraj is too early to judge but what we have seen of him so far - he seems to make a case for inclusion. 

as deserved, bhajji is no longer the mainstay spinner in the team and ashwin is doing well with the ball - save for the match against aus - as well as with the bat. dhoni's captaincy may be found wanting at times, but he is still capable of making the runs this world cup. 

that makes me think you have gotten frustrated with our team a little too early. they may not be the favourites for the world cup, but are not that dud a side either. 
2nd innings target: 1 run.

chris rogers, 4 runs, 1 ball, s/r 400.0

it will be interesting to see how they go, but we'll probably get mckay, d hussey, white and maxwell back during the test series. hopefully the ground staff can drop in a raging turner at the 'g. i'm also a big fan of jayde herrick incase it's the standard 'g wicket.
australia would take on pakistan in the 23rd t20 match of the t20 world cup tournament. the match will be hosted at colombo. schedule time for t20 match is 15:30 local time (10:00 gmt).the match of pak vs aus is schedule to be played in the month of october 2012. the schedule match between aus vs pak would be day/night and will be played under flood light condition at colombo.
glad to see boycey picked ahead of hauritz.. good leg spin prospect for sure.  disappointed with the omission of lynn but as you said it is understandable.. that's a strong qld batting line-up and there just isn't room for him yet.  he'll be back though, no doubt.  great player.
good comments jeau you top fucking bloke
if you feel he's more talented than sachin, i'm really not sure you saw sachin in his prime (circa 98). he was a monster, doubtlessly better than kohli. 

that said, kohli is really amazing. has been awesome ever since he focussed on becoming the best he could be, was a bit profligate early on in his career.
india would take on south africa in the 24th t20 match of the t20 world cup tournament. the match will be hosted at colombo. schedule time for t20 match is 19:30 local time (14:00 gmt).the match of india vs south africa is schedule to be played in the month of october 2012. the schedule match between india vs south africa would be day/night and will be played under flood light condition at colombo.
pontings purple patch lasted 5 years.
saeed ajmal's bobblehead? can i get a link to that please?
lol.. i'm sorry.

but in my defense, it's not been australia that's made it to the semis, it's shane watson.

blasphemy.
he hasn't even scored 1000 test runs yet! i agree, he's one of the leading limited overs batsmen, but he's got a lot to prove in tests. 
tempting.
i'm not really talking about this world cup, i don't care too much about t20. i'm talking about india's general test performance, and limited overs performance since the world cup. 
i agree with you. i guess i just got carried away with that 116 he scored in adelaide. 
he's not overrated. he's england's best batsman, and the team is stronger with him in it. 
but i love that fight in him (as an india supporter).  don't get me wrong, it's nice to have humble, nice cricketers like dravid, kumble, srt but that raw passion is great to see. that moment kohli caught (was it ab?) in the world cup against s.africa was one of my highlights (you know...madach*d).  when raina took that catch on sunday and turned to silence the crowd.  yuvi's celebrations.  love it.  love. it.
i keep thinking the guy is in awesome form. amazing form. but how long does this form last?  maybe he is just an amazing player
i'm not a kohli fan, his good cricket comes with arrogance and attitude, his bad cricket comes with arrogance and attitude.

shane watson has always been a cut above most of the crowd, in this series he's on a streak that don bradman and shane warne combined could be proud of, the issue with watson is form though, he has spurts (granted not of this monumental caliber)  fairly regularly and while im a big fan and will support his place in the team til he starts murdering kids in a forest, im dubious as to whether he can keep it up.

woe betide the rest of the world if he can.
most unbiased


richie benaud 
yep definitely, top bloke
biased - tony greig, simply because he always has an agenda when he speaks.

unbiased - rahul dravid (he's only been on the comms once, but it was the best thing i've ever heard)


doing god's work, op. r/cricket's ggg.
i saw sachin play a bunch of times in the early 90's when he played for yorkshire. even then, he was a batting genius. not to say that kohli isn't amazing, but sachin was leagues ahead of where kohli is at right now. who knows, maybe he will surpass him later, but players like tendulkar, and viv richards before that, and don bradman and len hutton before that, come but once or twice a generation.
haven't heard dravid, but i'm assuming he'd make a great commentator. also i agree with tony greig, he seems to really like sri lanka lol.
most biased: tony greig, bill lawry were the pioneers but ian healy takes it to another level. 

unbiased: richie, the great man. mark nicholas.
aww, shucks
now imagine if (it is a big if though) asif and amir were less of idiots, gul would be third/fourth choice seamer for pakistan. competing with likes of junaid khan and aizaz cheema for his place in the side in all three forms of cricket.
hafeez already gone, lbw
plumb
i think they should have given watson a rest, give the other players a chance to get some runs, wickets and 6's.
in his defense it was a beautiful delivery.

[streams](http://www.wiziwig.tv/broadcast.php?matchid=172846&amp;part=sports)
imran nazir is playing sensible. 
settling in without going overboard, he know when he's comfortable, he can hit a big score
any streams available for this?
http://www.crictime.co/live-cricket_streaming-2.htm
:p  i already posted some
nazir gone!
spoke too soon bro. my heart is aching.
he's out, haye. 
then you're very lucky to have seen him in his prime. i caught him only once in that period, most of my viewings of him have been in the ipl when he was past his best. tendulkar truly is one of a kind. he was something else for yorkshire too, their first overseas player if i remember right!
thanks man!
thanks man!
why drop arafat and bring in razzaq? why not fucken drop afridi and play with 10 people? or bring in razzaq for afridi.
yeah that's correct. up until the late 80's, a player had to have been born in yorkshire in order to play for the county team. they were, in fact, the last county in england to relax their rule for outside players, first for players outside the county and then for international players. tendulkar was our first overseas player and, arguably, our best. i'd even go as far as saying that he only became the player that he became because of having the ability to play at such a cricket club as yorkshire at such a young age, think he was 18 or 19 when he came and played for 2 years in every single game. i was 14 or 15 when i first saw him play, it was his third game for yorkshire, and continued to watch him on and off for the next 2 years. absolutely sublime batsman.
bowling. you have to think of afridi as just bowler, not an all rounder. pakistan is playing raza, ajmal, gul and afridi as their four bowlers. neither of arafat or razzaq are as good as a bowler as him. 
good 4 there. its taking a while for the batmen to settle down. i don't think pakistan really have an answer for australia's bowling line-up.
biased - ravi shastri. just hates australians.
words, mouth.
c'mon australia!
about time someone hit a six!
pakistan zindabad!
afridi's like a box of choc-o-lates... you never know what you're gonna get.
how good is jamshed? averaging 42 from 19 odis and doing brilliantly in this competition.
he melts in the box if he doesn't keep cool.
yeah, he's just greedy.
dont jinx him man. 
i'm incapable of jinxing. i try to double-reverse jinx england all the time and it never works.
jamshed's made his second 50.
he's a serial praiser - check his comment history, downvote and move on...
pakistan are starting to turn it up now.
from the 1500 year old ancient book of jinx. "an individual may not and cannot jinx other teams in cricket. they can only jinx their own team in 2012 t20 world cup in srilanks." i guess they could tell future too.
yer, don't jinx him.  jinxing is not cool, it is against the spirit of the game.
i'm normally english though. just for the duration of this tournament i've been changing game-by game, for fun.
looks like they're following wasim akram's advice.  110+ in 15 overs with 6-7 wickets, followed by beast mode losing the rest of the wickets over the next 5 overs for a larger total.
did pakistan take their batting powerplay yet?
i know. you have to wonder what kind of reprobate would want to jinx someone...
that explains it. pakistan has been hitting the ball out the park since you made that comment. 
you're welcome!

edit: awwww, crap.
i can't even fathom it
...and out.
i am not talking to you anymore.
nawtee, nawtee, jinxing jamshed like that.
and again.
reprobate. good choice of word.
this net run-rate thing has me baffled, i assume australia would need to be severely tonked to not progress through?
and now k akmal!  what are you doing? ;)
right in the feels. that's worse than verbal abuse.
i wasn't even here! i was on twox!
it's one of many i think aren't used often enough.
my particular favourite is the word *guttersnipe*
very nice.
christ, what razzaq playing at?
"severely tonked".  technical term, that :-)
ravi shastri is a very biased commentator, rameez raja too and they get on my nerves no end.

benaud is a very, very good commentator, but i thoroughly enjoy bhogle as well since he comes across with such child-like joy when talking up a storm. a joy to listen to and not half-bad with the pen either. 
biased- ian botham, michael vaughan

unbiased- i'd say michael holding is pretty even-handed.
i've a particular fondness for *whipper-snapper* said with a *hwip*
i bowl wides now... wides are cool!
i hope pakistan makes more than 150.
i reckon tony greig has used the term at least once.
it's been a tough 18 months for him.
shane tonking watson.  dammit.
i feel so dirty supporting australia. 
are you trying to join in on the jinxing game now?
so wth are aus wearing green jerseys?  what ever happened to the yellow?
jinxing will be. "pakistan will make more than 150. pakistan is playing very good." in this case, i am just hoping. 
what else did you expect?
with my dodgy stream, i wasn't sure who was bowling to who, jersey clash!
what a bowl!
same yesterday with sri lanka vs england, hard to tell the difference.
australia are green and gold, always have been, just sometimes different ratios of each colour.
and so you should, you turncoat ;)
gold and green, the opposite of sa, have been for years. only time they are predominantly green is in the rugby league.
oh i got it! shoaib malik was sent to stabilize the innings in the last over!
really?  149 from 20 overs, not jinxing indeed.

are you trying to school me on what is and what isn't jinxing? :p
australia's colours are always known as green and gold, not gold and green.  i am not making a comment on which colour is the most predominant, merely that those two colours have always been australia's colours.
so i'm not going crazy.  it's always been heavy on the gold.  every time i go back to the stream i think pakistan is bowling.
must be kosher then.
[i've just figured out who shane watson reminds me of when he wears a batting helmet](http://imgur.com/oq4x5)
that was stupid of me
looks a bit like bill lawry.
miller was a better option than behardien. even though behardien did well locally, and deserves his shot, miller has more experience, and was in good form in england. sadly, he'll probably be in the next squad. you're correct about having someone in with some stones. let's see how the pak/aus game goes... 
urgh that looked out.
why is there no udrs?
well that watson one didn't look out to me, leg sideish.  wait for the replay

edit: bit more than clipping, turned more than it first looked to me
raza hasan has just struck gold for pakistan. shane watson finally fails.
there is no drs in all t20is for some strange reason. 
i think it is good for australia that watson is out.  the middle order need to have a bat.
why would you in that case get irritated by comments during a t20 world cup to judge india's performance during the test matches? i've stopped following cricinfo in a while now, but while i was there, i do remember a lot of harsh comments by indian fans against indian players every time they flopped in tests. 
if aus don't get 112 they're probably out of the tournament. just putting that out there.
it took raza hasan to do it. beautiful. now just keep this up pakistan!!
what is the 112 target?  something to do with the nrr?
let's say pakistan win by 20 runs here, what is required for india to go through?
winning by 24 runs i think
yeah with that they're over pak on nrr even if they lose.

even if india wins they'd qualify as 2nd in the group (over pak)

edit - also since india and pak have nearly the same run rate - india will go through if they win, even if by a small margin. their nrr will obv improve by winning.
amazing powerplay bowling so far. please mike hussey, please don't transform into a monster
i hope you're right, because kohli feels up to it!
nasser hussain - best commentator imo
he won't because australians are deathly afraid of having india in the finals..
meh. i'd say on current form they'd prefer india to pakistan. plus even if they're ranked 10 - aussies fear no one. never have. never will. lets just learn to live with it.
true but their rivalry with india means that having them out of the tournament is a big relief for them.
so are pakistan just going to keep bowling spinners? it seems to be working...

and there's a six.

edit: who the hell do we need to hit spin, michael clarke?
look at these pudgy airheads talking about vocabulary in a match thread.
well england don't look that rubbish against spin anymore, do they? and only 2 days pak struggled against yuvraj and ashwin.
aus in a lot of trouble here
goddamnit !! thats what i came here to say :) .. and i am an athiest for cryin out loud !! :)


cyancat !! bro hugs i feel your pain, cant say i havent been there in the past.  

but you must be thrilled watching your boys weaving webs around the aussies.
hopefully they'll try and get to 112 at least.
that strange reason is the lack of support from bcci.
not in t20i's i think.

even t20i's which don't involve india have no drs for some reason. tests and odi do. and most t20i's have 2 domestic umpires which makes things really precarious.
see the difference having kohli can make to your team???
is not looking good, white gone now
and he's gone :d
pak needs two more wickets and they should be home.
just in time to watch my fav bowling side play.  kinda conflicted with my birth-nation loyalties.  but in the end, let the better team move on!
bhogle is the one of the most overrated commentators and writers in cricket. i grant you the childlike joy, but peel away that joy layer and there is nothing inside.
wade is a monster sometimes. we need to get him first
looks like aus will have to rely on saf to beat ind to progress. not an ideal situation, eh?
rrr up to 12.13...
asif .. imho world cricket lost a great talent.
yeah wade and hussey.
ok aussies, if you are going to lose, score less than 111 and we can all be happy. 
yeah among indians, shastri and gavaskar are biased. manjrekar is unbiased.
no warner, no watson, no australia.
this got me thinking, if pak thrash aus, won’t their rr go down by a big margin so india can easily overtake that to get through?
*eye roll*

way to make yourself irrelevant even faster

edit: this article suggests that the drugs were recreational: http://www.espncricinfo.com/pakistan/content/current/story/585181.html


what happens then?
ah yeah, gee i forgot all those guys. also, real chance you'll have wade during the tests. imagine:

1. rogers
2. quiney
3. hussey
4. white
5. maxwell
6. mcdonald
7. wade

that's an international quality side, that is.
agree wid you pon holding mon.
oh come on man! you gotta be kid me! indians do think like this in actual never knew it.
do you see any other logical explanation for the lack of attempting to hit boundaries?
normally, the only 'no-contest' wins i enjoy are the ones involving india on the winning side.  but i must say, i am enjoying the hell out of this.

edit: changes my flair, because i think its relevant today.
holy crap!  i just came back and it looks like aus fell on their collective swords.
ok so what does all this mean to india? someone?
australia's nrr would fall below sa and a win would see india through. if they score more than 111, india would have to win by at least as many runs as pakistan (and then a bit more). 
hear hear !!  i have thought this for a long long time now so much so that i have almost learnt to tune him out.
shit shit hussey turning on beast mode
if aus don't get to 112 and india beat south africa, they will more than likely go ahead based on run rate, meaning that india and pakistan will advance.
nasser hussain, bumble and atherton make a great group to listen to.
here are your boundaries mate! 4 and 6 by michael hussey. the aussies never like to lose given any situation any team.
the way australia are playing, we'll have to kick ass to qualify. beat south africa really well.
that leaves out the part where india's win has to be of a similarly large margin. 
geoff boycott has to be inserted in this conversation, i know he is not commenting in the world stage much right now but i used to enjoy his no-nonsense approach.

anyone agree/disagree have anything to add ?

edit: i never thought he was biased but its been a while since i heard him so my memory might be selective.
looks like it. 
no they don't. if aus make 110 their nrr will be the same as india's
large margin? heh that sounds unlikely! 
fortunately for our pride we're a little higher than 10th now.
i don't think that's right
based on our current form? walk in the park for them.
australia need 60 off 24. mike hussey's figures in the last t20 world cup semi-final against pakistan were 60 off 24.
i hope pakistan gets a couple more wickets, including him. it'll be really funny if australia lose it now, after playing so well throughout the tournament!
110 is only the figure needed to fall behind pakistan on nrr, india still has their work cut out for them either way unless australia pulls out a miracle in the last 3 overs. 
well australia is in now. freaking hussey.
but if australia loses but scores 120 or so, wouldn't india just need to cross australia's nrr (since pakistan's the highest nrr)? i'm confused how 112 will see aus through? 
woo gusset
australia need 10 off 18
mek hussey, please not again. not today!
mike hussey is the best bat you guys got after bevan in these kind of situations. bevan was the man...
come on guys, at least new zealand made it to two super overs before getting eliminated. 
the pitch's spinning pretty nicely. should be to india's advantage. 
this is going horribly for india. if aus make 112 - they are above pak on nrr. this means india has to beat whatever's pak victory margin is by about 2-3 runs.
look at these midget tandtrolls clicking through a long list of comments about vocabulary in a match thread.
gul? now? why??

edit: obviously i don't know shit. that was a really good over!
my electricity wasn't here for the past hour, i turn the tv on and see the score, also hussey's mad hits 
can anyone tell me why cameron white is still in this side? i honestly haven't seen him do much in twenty20 in ages, let alone other forms of the game, i believe he scored like an average of 5 or something in last year big bash, astound me how he still gets a place.
i'd rather they chase the score, and finish it off in x overs.
so even now, before 112, india would have to win by at least 36 over sa to beat australia on nrr
yes they look very convincing.
lol this is still going on eh? i wonder what happened to that aussie bloke who predicted outcomes. he got most of the stuff right
over the younger gusset, no less.
it could be worse, you could be south african. that said, we obviously didn't earn it this tournament.
australia looks like they're going to tease india and pakistan by making them have to wait to see who makes it out of the two of them.  
i don't know, 112 is the figure they keep repeating on air. 
because shoaib malik was terrible..

pakistan is out of good spinners..
actually they would. it looked like aus may get 100 odd at one stage which would have been more favorable.

now our best hope is aus getting as many as they can in the last 2
that's why!
argh that must be frustating for akmal. umpires dont give out when he catches one
some of the selections were baffling tbh. behardien &amp; faf du plessis?? surely saf has better middle order bats than those 2 back home.
that was not wide!
australia is not going for the target. so lets see how india do against south africa.
wait? i see scrolling msg saying sa will be out if pak wins? so its between india and pak then?
serves me right for supporting australia. bunch of wimps, the way they have chased this. 
what do we say to mek hussey?

not today!
how was it not wide?
what price a maiden here?
yeah, and india would have to defeat sa by about 36 runs or chase the target in about 15 overs. we are rather screwed here. 
ajmal on a hattrick! go ajmal!

over's done - he can't get it - he'll be on a hattrick first ball of the next match he plays
woha..that sounds like a fucked up situation to be in. lets see what we do.. and hello btw...been sometime 
turns out australia definitely needs two more motm performances from twatto if they want to lift the trophy. 
it was the last ball (delivery).
opening ball in next over in semis :)
have you ever seen kamran akmal appeal dishonestly? 
faf was in amazing form back home, and decent form in the ipl. his form in england was terrible though. behardien was also in good form back home, but we should have picked someone with more international experience. miller was a better pick, but i'd say the biggest issues has been 1. the top three not getting runs 2. ab not being in the top three. 2. the decision to change spin for seam against pakistan. 
haha sorry i wasn't counting balls out of excitement, my bad. 
4 wickets lost to the sweep/ paddle sweep .. 
didn't it hit his leg before going to keeper?
can't win all the time.. you know what they say.. you watson, you lose some..
yeah they've gotta get dave hussey in. white isn't bowling anymore and looks dreadfully short on confidence.
downvote all you want, but does anyone else think that australia has intently let the game go, just so india won't go through?!?
right now india are hoping for boundaries off the rest of the balls in the match
ggg (good guy gusset) - remains unbeaten till the job is done
4!!!! nice one gusset
damn you hussey. 
that hardly sounds like an australian thing to do. 

and if i were them if prefer the indians go through than pakistan, based on reset performances. 
yeah, we've dug quite a hole for us. and hello, been long. 
seems like the australians are experts at facing spin. 
apparently you do? i for one, don't
pakistan fans : where did this hafeez come from? is he big in pakistan or what?
brb changing flair to sa
no - honestly, the win against india was one of the easiest australia had - they'd love to have them in instead of pakistan.
no idea, i'm not awake enough, and my stream isn't good enough
k back. gooooo proteas!!!
dude, he played in the 2007 t20wc as well. 
does anyone have any idea if pakistan's qualified for the finals? if not under which conditions will they qualify?
we might think we are damn good side but honestly, after that performance against australia the other day they would prefer us.
:o i thought he's a new find for them...
i'm changing into my indian kit - gimmee a second....
it depends on the next match.. afaik, if india defeat sa with a greater margin than pak defeated aus, india will get through, else pak will go through..
woah - it's a while since i've worn this - i've put on a bit of weight - i must look a bit dhonni-esque
india have to win the game by 30 runs if they are batting first, or by 4 overs if they are chasing.  
aight lets get this going! bah no booze cause of gandhi jayanti..this sucks
haven't done the calculations yet, but if india defeats sa by 35 runs or so, india &amp; aus will be qualified for semi finals. a smaller margin or a defeat means the aus &amp; pak will go thru.
so, how big of a score does india need to go through by nrr?
he was behind the stumps, couldn't have known for sure if it was inside snick or from the pad. nothing dishonest about it.
plea to gary kirsten: let us win big for old times' sake! pretty please. :p
it is confirmed india need to win by 31 runs or 24 balls to qualify!
exact figure still be calculated but will probably be somewhere in the region of a margin of more than 31-32 or 4ish overs.
surely, they aren't stupid enough to just disregard india based on one match against them. haven't they been watching india's other matches as well?
ramiz raja : pak version of arun lal
i hope it's aus &amp; pak, we seem to be winning more against australia than we are with india, is there a possibility of another pak-ind match? 
&gt;need to win by 31 runs


that is, if they score 140. but if india score 160, they need to win by 32 (or maybe 34) runs. i think we'll have the confirmation soon.
india can win this but they have to get to bowl first. the pitch seems to ease up under the lights.
calling for desert storm v2.0 - unleash the virat.
it was kinda pathetic how hussey celebrated after going past 112. 
oh, alright thanks alot!
confirmed by who?
south africa didn't even get a chance to choke in the semi-final :(
always buy in bulk. or establish contacts in the army. they'd sell you anything off market.
india will now need to beat south africa by 31 runs or by 24 balls to spare to go ahead of pak's nrr   : mohandas menon
it might have brushed the pad on the way through but it was very faint on a ball wide &amp; going wider - perfectly fair call
if india bats first then it has to win from 31 runs .. but if it bats seconds then at least 24 balls to spare.
yeh well getting booze wouldnt be a problem. it's just that you cant go out to sports bar to enjoy the evening...
now, a waiting game for pakistan 
&gt;if india score 160, they need to win by 32 runs; if they score 140, the margin needs to be at least 31



yes, but this is just an estimate. you can't predict the exact score.
completely agree, too intense a celebration for my liking. 
where are people getting their 'to-go-to semi scenarios ' from? anyone mind giving me a link?
come on, south africa, go beast mode. 
let the best team win.
**stats** 

india scores 120, they need to win by 30.

they score 140, they need to win by 31.

south africa scores 120, india needs to chase in 15.5 overs

south africa scores 140, india needs to chase in 16 overs.
https://twitter.com/rajeshstats
commentary by cricbuzz, i forgot who quoted it
and sehwag, gambhir, yuvi and pathan. i guess dhoni too.
i was just watching aus vs pak, and they had it on the screen
or ab mcdonald
ah much thanks
this is why these matches should be played simultaneously. teams should play to win, not qualify.

plus the teams in the 2nd game have an unfair advantage.
this is no time for rationality. if we get through to the semis, we will knock out pakistan as well. go india! :d
really disappointing tournament for sa. last chance to show some balls now. pakistan deserves to be in the semis this time. 
"pathetic" is a bit of a cricinfo word mate.
already lost the toss. now we need to score at least 200 to have a decent chance. :(
hey! we're trying to sneak into the semis, here?
so glad i was wrong!
sigh. 
india playing with only one specialist spinner. big call from dhoni. 
now that sa are out of the tournament, i fully expect a 300 run victory. just because.
south africas got this.
it's raining!

edit : sorry, meant it's raining runs... :o) spoke few mins early folks ;-)
yeah, i would have preferred if sa had a chance to qualify. then they could have choked. now, they are just going to knock us out. 
no
come on boys! time to pull of our first reverse choke and go out with a win!
don't think he's in the squad here. the reserves are mckay, christian, hilfenhaus and d hussey.
you gotta be fucking kidding me!
reverse choke time
batting first will be tough.
i know - but mcd still better than any of them. but all of them are better than bear (although, obviously hilf is a bowler)
lol nah kidding buddy
meh, if we beat sa by the required margin, we deserve to be in the semis as much as pakistan. 
nobody even remembers tony cozier or what !! he is very pc in all, that's boring - only competed by shastri, gavaskar, and the likes. unbiased, yes. donna simmons, tony cozier, mike holding, bumble,  ian chappell, greg chappell, benaud, boycs, nasser, harsha, and m'kar are unbiased. harsha is an iim alumnus, so you get that irritating management behaviour in his delivery. i would include even ravi shastri in this list, but for my sanity i won't. dada is new in the trade, but so far excellent and typical of dada, to the point, free, clear, and straight shooting. :d

biased, the god of biased is tony grieg. rest try to emulate him. 

beside the op's question, entertainment characters are of course there :d danny maximum morrison, ls, n. sidhu, ramiz raja (i personally find him not as hate-able as others out here hold), ranjit fernando, arun lal, maninder singh, etc.

i personally view that much of the bias against some sub-continent commentators is due to their not being articulate enough in english. 
such jokes are not good for world peace. i was on my way to pull a ram on lanka. ;)


&gt;... *hanuman* on lanka. 
wow preity looks like 30 year old alien covered with human skin...where are your dimples?!
wtf? preity zinta promoting her movie on a cricket show? the fuck is this?
this really is a lose-lose situation for south africa.

if we play badly, we will complain that the team is useless.

if we play brilliantly, we will complain the the team can only play when the pressure is off, which just reaffirms the choker tag.

tough place to be.
that would work as well. 
need to watch an indian stream. 
crictime streams star cricket. 
yeah so just play bad and move on..  ;-)
it is a lose-lose for india as well.

if we lose, we will complain that the team is useless.

if we win, people will just say that the match has been fixed by bcci.

tough place to be.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_premier_league

heard of this? a 4 month long promo for upcoming preity zinta and srk movies!!!
i found one but all i get to see is sourav. missed preity. 
why always pakistan??
yup, gone now.
harbhajan and chawla are specialists in name only!

i don't think yuvraj and raina would do a lot worse than them.
lol...felt the same way for a second there
thankfully, i'm blessed with a selective memory.
whoa dude! you're a mod here. lets keep conspiracies out of /r/cricket
yes like you did in all world cups and when it mattered the most. oh wait..nevermind
actually this isn't too bad. last big "controversy" i can remember is the zulqarnain saga, which was about 2 years ago. we've been relatively controversy free the past two years, so i think we're long overdue for one.

rehman's a good bowler, didn't take him for someone who would mess about like this. but all the talk is about raza hasan now anyway, so no one's too worried about this.
oh, the south african anthem is beautiful. 
another harsha bhogle gem... "india needs to make as many runs as possible" ... well duh, its a true statement, only for every team batting first !!

ok .. had to get it off my hairy chest.
the set max pre game shows? once seen, cannot be unseen &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
it was a joke, but anyway out of line. may the best team win ;)
no one has ever been more biased than ranjit fernando! he boils my blood. so does rameez raja, and navjot sidhu. 

i've most enjoyed listening to richie benaud, gavaskar(when scahin is not involved), geoffrey boycott and henry blofeld. 

yeah i can't really be mad if pakistan doesn't make it. all the teams deserve to be in the semis really, dumb group making by the organizers. all four teams have a strong case.
yeah but these things escalate quickly! source - every cricket discussion board ever!!!!
whoever wins this match i will be disappointed. because if pakistan qualify, it means no chance for pakistan to avenge their defeat in the finals against india. ahhhh. why couldn't we beat aus even harder?
thats funny .. u know what else is funny ..  abe lincoln when read in hindi.



*^i ^will ^show ^myself ^out*
you need to tell us what you said. no need to delete it. 
it is going to be a bit tough for india..
mandira bedi !
australia let south africa down again.
you do that gauti! every ball!
he also got a fifty at the same time...
that's how you start. phod do aaj! 
30* runs is a huge margin in t20 bro, so id think you dont have anything to worry about.  but on the off chance that india do pull it off, as a cricket fan i think you will agree that the better team went ahead in the tournament ? :)
steyn's swing is jizz-worthy
you celebrate that hard when your team is on the cusp of losing? 
manjrekar and bumble are pretty unbiased.
&gt; tony greig ‏@greigtalks

&gt;i've got a funny feeling!!! india are going to win. yes they will win by between 20 and 29 runs.

because, when was the last time tony greig was wrong about anything?
[relevant](http://sphotos-a.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/398457_451423951567153_2117935684_n.jpg)
haha!

translation for non-browns:

yo you're already in the semis let us win!


yo you're already out of the tourney let us win!!

much rather be the team that wins sometimes than one that never wins.
why the hell is balaji playing and not an extra spinner? pakistan bowled the first 18 overs against australia with spin, and we are going into a game against sa, with one specialist spinner? dhoni's selection logic is freakin strange.
these things escalate quickly!

(source - every cricket discussion board ever)
my thoughts exactly.  also, the only two teams that deserve to be in the semis until now .. are already in
more like barge in methinks
no, steyn's jizz is swing-worthy!
last time he talked to ian chappell
is there a stream for skysports 1? the stream in http://mypremium.tv/ doesn't work
actually, 

&gt;last time he talked
the respectful tone is lost in the translation, but still funny haha.
http://tykestv.eu/tykes1.php
get a room, both of you
\* first 17

gul bowled the 18th
sa's theme: whose party are we going to spoil today? 

see steyn and morkel off with 7-8 runs/over. don't lose wickets. rest of their bowling attack is average at best. 
no it was stupid doesnt matter. enjoy the game
http://cricfree.tv/index.php
can kristen help us win this world cup too?
i like the indian one too, god help me. (i'm pakistani)
how many times did gambhir get out like this? argh! 
fucking gambhir, how many times will you get played on? 
"yeah, i don't take orders" - gambhir.
or at least a biscuit
would you like to join us? gambhir just did!
i really want to abuse profusely today. 
you would know.
kohli starts like only kohli can. 
woha... did you hear that sound bat made? nice. looking good for kohli
i'd suspect the tv companies rather than the bcci, but yeah, basically.
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oh boy
kohli gone...india's in trouble now. damn
india's in trouble now
this whole subreddit is a jinx-whore-house.
bhenchod.
thar she blows......!
and in comes the chutiya - rohit sharma. 
that wicket should belong to the incredible de villiers.
god dammit!
channel seems to be off air cyancat?
kohli down, need backup!
now we find out if that poll last game was telling the truth. can india's other batsmen step up?
dont forget the pleading !
sehwag : you egg eating, mommy ka beta... you better play well.. 
fucccckkkkkkkk! behen ka lauda sala! 
nooooooooooooooooo
man sa, 3 wickets. shewag out
i think india just threw away the game...
you stupid dumb fuck. what were you thinking? playing galli cricket? asshole.. fuck you and your place in the team. go play for galli delhi cricket... 


fucking sehwag

fuck.
hahaha
who else would you have preferred in place of him?
idiot fucker ..shithead should be dropped. what a moron. 
pakistani crowd at the ground = happiest people in the world today.
good. just ensure you guys dont produce one more.
play manish tiwari instead of this guy. this fucker should not have been selected in the first place. 
cool, thanks, i just started watching t20.
indian fans .. describe **exactly** how much you hate viru now ?

me .. well, i think hes a great bat (two triples and all that) but dude , come on , you used to be a vice captain, dont be an **idiot** maadarch*** 

edit: sorry guys, lost it there for a moment, but not gonna delete it.
i remember from the india-pakistan game, when umar akmal played to deep midwicket, he slammed his bat on the ground disgusted in himself.

sehwag has never once shown disappointment in his mode of dismissal. and this is why, despite his success in the test arena, i can never seriously consider him anything more than a galli cricketer.
just rotate the strike fellas...why are you trying to score every ball? man seriously...
you should comment more.
ok my bad..i had assumed 112 was the score when australia gets par with india on nrr..apparently it was with pakistan's..so it's clear now..

anyway, does it matter now, given the scoreline..
you have my permission.. 
sanjay: "ramiz, don't you think yuvraj should have been sent out there to get the right and left combination at the crease?"

well sanjay, you can have your right-left combination now at the crease after that ugly shot from sehwag!
nikalo bahar saale ko. 
i would stuff that reliance phone of his if he's around me now
i'm here now. everything is going to be alright. we got this, guys. 


*nkosi sikelel' iafrika*
do something ...... 
hahaha.. that was super funny dude. 
hahah .. thnx , i laughed at that one.
sanjay manjrekar irritates the heck out of me..
yuvi
ok .. i dont get it , but i am assuming he is the 'brand ambassador' for reliance phones ?
sorry which one is it?
or for gandhiji's sake...our countries have such long histories!
[yes](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpbqrxmd5ga)
yuvraj man - do it again. only you can! 
we want hansie cronje ;)
too soon ???
sanjay + ramiz raza - amazingly irritating couple
ok .. thnx, will save watching it for later, if i do, i might have to buy a new ipad.
thing is, balaji has bowled pretty decently and so if a seamer has to go, it is zaheer..don't think dhoni wants that 
hey now !! a 3 some!! i'll bring the pop corn
sharma is a chutiya - wasted a hit me ball. 

edit: and not even rotating the strike properly. 
yuvie looks tired.. poor guy. much respect !!!
lol who downvoted you. some nohit sharma fan.
too late, we got our men.
[relevant](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3r5zm7/)
nasser comes down on the english like nobody.
fuckkkkkkkkkk
uv gone... fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk
pressure is getting to them. 
well, that seals it. congratulations, pakistan.
fuck..yuvi didn't have to go cross against morkel. the spinners are there for the taking 
shit.
being optimistic hurts more... :d
morkel delivers again for pakistan. i guess we have to offer him honorary nationality after all \^_^
woah, indian fans, why do you hate your team so much?
hey .. dont bring in lanka .. i dont want to hear russel arnold again !!
/r/cricket has a lot of passionate haters. there are definitely things that annoy me about the team, but i really do not understand the hate either. 
i don't like the body language of any of the indian players. hope they pick up and fight back while bowling. 
it's just the way we lose. we simply roll over. 
anything can happen
the way india is batting, pakistan almost through to the semis.
the crowd is not even noisy for the free hit call. that tells us something!
bowl short and raina won't do shit. 
aight folks..so we are looking close to 130 to 140... that's if we play well from now..
it's the same kind of relationship english fans have with the football team.
oh no .. you dont get off that easy bud. you will suffer like the rest of us indian supporters over here.  watch every minute of this match and **feel the pain** .. and drown your sorrows with a jug of the cheapest shitty alcohol you can find in the evening  !
that's partly the reason i stopped watching football...other than fifas blatant corruption.
lol trust me. i don't like him as the next guy but he is doing well this game. 
wonder if it's really hate, or impulsive annoyance. leaning towards the latter.
well played
a strike rate of &lt; 100 so far. let's see. 
i lied. i'm enjoying every minute of the game. i still think india are in this. yes, and i also have a bridge to sell ya.
need at least 60 in the last 5. 
five overs... we need sixty
you are my twin aren't you
why youuuu!! come one .. you and me , outside !! :)
there goes the fucker. bastard plays at less than 100 and then gets out. suwar ka pilla sala. 
there goes op's favorite cricketer...rohit sharma.
that didn't look out..let's wait for the hawkeye

edit : i am going to the optometrist tomorrow. 
apparently so, but looks like 30 is all we get. 
rohit sharma is set for another five years in the team.
good in a way. let's see what captain can do
come on you proteas! 
allow me to vent (regarding rohit sharma):

randi ki aulaad, suwar ka pilla. keede pade iske mooh mein. 

as long as he is best friend with dhoni
i know most people aren't big fans of ramiz raja in r/cricket but i personally think he is fairly unbiased commentator 
haha .. nice :)
dhoni comes in too low down the order.
i desperately hope so!
i don't think so. the lower down he comes in, the less dot balls india will in the innings 
dhoni, this isn't the time to take singles. 45 off the last 3 over; fight for it.
actually, career strike rate of 109 for a number 7 is pretty bad.
so... who's looking forward to the champions league? 
sa- butter fingers much?
who's playing?
i don't recall a decent contribution from dhoni in a t20i match. 
well of course you always need to take the singles. these conditions made it difficult to hit boundaries so we had to take ones and twos 
that ball from steyn was not bad at all!
yeah, and get out so that india can't even play the full quota?
you indian fans are pretty pessimistic, i reckon if india get at least 150 (which they look like they will) they're in with a decent chance. sa's batting has been pretty brittle and on a turning pitch getting 120 isn't a given.
dhoni is suited to the 50 over format..play out 15 dot balls in a row then hit 10 boundaries. he doesn't have the technique for tests or the instant aggression for t20
i really dont get the hate for dhoni by indian fans here. he always saves your ass when everyone fails 
yorkers sa, remember, yorkers!
new shot from dhoni ? .. a straight pull !
this will put some spring on the indian players' step. hope they defend the total like there is no tomorrow.
it's his relationship  with sharma.
hopefully they lose and instead figure out how to play test cricket overseas 
160 - 170 is what i reckon 
im so nervous
too optimistic. 155. 
we are sending useless teams :/

ok, not "useless", but i think the cobras would have had a great chance of winning.

* smith
* levi
* kallis
* duminy
* shah (?)
* ontong
* vilas
* peterson
* philander
* steyn
* somebody else (kleinveldt?)

that would be a pretty strong international team.


lol, are they all chanting, "pakistan zindabad" in a sa vs ind match? :d

gotta love the paki crowd!
looks like 150 now
"what are those?" - every south african bowler at the tournament.
i understand the anxiety man.
but give them a chance to defend this total.
we're looking at 118-120 run target for sa. to qualify for the semis.
so ca sa do 121?
man that's easy in this format... let's see 
152
confirmed: saf need 122 to knock india out.
i wonder if the fast bowlers are up to the task. 
lets go south africa! all i want is 121 runs from you! that's a run a ball! i believe in ya'll! 
have you read *anything* about how icc operates?
dhoni's fb status wrt relationship with sharma: it is complicated ;)

edit: at least raina has paid dhoni back in heaps for his trust. 
south africa, you can do it!!!
there is no real pressure on sa now, so yeah, sorry india :/
http://www.espncricinfo.com/champions-league-twenty20-2012/content/squad?object=566250
it's clear. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk0v7n9cyxa
wow, i don't think 121 will be  too much of a problem for sa. i wonder what would have happened if india had been more aggressive during the pak chase
amla, there have been far too many failed starts in this tournament. it is time to show your class.
yep, a bit, but the icc are slightly less obvious than "hey, let's hold a world cup in qatar, that doesn't have any footballing history to speak of but *does* have lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of oil money!"


that made me sick. i haven't watched a football match since it was announced.
yes!
goneeeeeeeee.. zaheer you beaut
fuck yes! 
too soon
fucking imla
the motherfuckin' khan!
beegees "stayin alive" playing in my head (for now)
get ab out.. i will give every indian player a cookie.
look what you did!
fuck ab comes in! 
oye.
that was ridiculous but the icc has done way worse. the whole full member status and the way its given to nations is murky and downright despicable

(ot: also in qatar's defense - the arab nations love football and deserve to get a world cup of their own. and where else in the arab nations would you host it? i'd love to see egypt but too unstable imo)
man i hope balaji is up for this challenge
:(

i am so sorry to put any pressure on you, sa!
or if hafeez had not been that defensive, he had the bowling to attack and could have got a few more wickets by attacking!
that is an awesome team 
good effort in the deep, rohit. keep it up.
lets go kallis. i need fantasy points too lol
pathan doesn't get a wicket in the first over. he is done in this match. 
stop the singles. restrict runs and that's will build pressure. there i just gave it all away..
gadda hai, gadda hai, jayega abd.
what would happen if sa makes 130 runs but gets all out on the 14 over?  they cross the 31 run marker but not the 24 ball marker. 
tere mooh mein ghee shakkar. 
yeah. that's what am talking about baby
chalo, kallis hi sahi.
i take it back.. super ..kallis gone.
i see the guy in the stands with csk jersey on..
go csk..
ok, kaju ki barfi le lo then.
so i guess its going to be aus, wi, sl &amp; pak in the semis.
what are the numbers now? what do we need to win by to get ahead? 
rofl.. sehwag is faking it.
fucking hell, south africa, can't you do anything right at a global tournament? 
sshhhhhhhhh
need to get ab, he can take the game away single-handedly. 
haha .. no i think its a concussion

edit: u know , because his brain .. blah blah :)
you need to stop sa at 121.
if it's not performance enhancing, or potentially performance enhancing, why are they even testing for it? 

i assume that it's the ecb doing the judgin' in this case. i note that mohammed asif got a year for nandrolone from the ipl. i will be interested to see (assuming this current case involved non-performance enhancing drugs) precisely what he gets here. 
&gt; looks like sehwag got injured celebrating the wicket! 

hahahaha
manoj tiwari looks like a tamil actor. forget his name now..anyone know who i am talking about.
i like ramiz raja, mostly because he says funny things that make people uncomfortable because he simply cannot resist from saying them. like the time he laughed at inzi during a presentation ceremony at his english, or when he insulted agarkar for scoring the fastest 50 by an indian in an odi. he gives me those "did he just say that?" moments every now and then.
i don't know about the full member status thing...i mean, i'm not sure zimbabwe deserve it at this point, but i can't see that ireland are any more deserving, so if not ireland, then who?

any sport governing body will have one eye on the money, i guess, although that's a terrible shame, it seems to be so abborhently apparent and the fifa administrators seem so prodigously gluttonous that it's a wonder they haven't gorged themselves long since. 
nah bro .. bring it !!
faf.. can you go poof? enough outta you.
the green shirts make it very easy for me to support them
looks like no point in hoping now. pak is in semi
right, let's pack our bags. :(
no... sudeep is a kannada actor right.

let me google it and try and find out.
dhoni sent sehwag to do that. he wants to see if he can pack right at least
yuvieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
yuvraj is the king of them all! 
de villiers is a very good player of spin, this is going to be interesting.


edit: whoooo whooo !! i mean .. shit !! sorry ?
once again dhoni keeps pathan on too long and suffers 
this game is too fuckin tense. 
south african fans- make 153
pakistan fans- anything over 121
india fans-121 or less

so many target numbers in one match! this is cricket. anything can still happen!
they don't want the players to be too mellow during matches
i can't believe he was injured in a dismissal in which *he was not even involved*. 
well i've heard countless allegations of corruption in the icc and am sure they're about as crooked as fifa. football is big money though so the scale of corruption is probably different.
as soon as it starts looking good, sa shoots it's own foot. now i understand how it must feel to be sa fan!
http://mimg.sulekha.com/bharath/images/stills/bharath-pics-038.jpg

found it
yuvi. laundaaaaaaaaaaa. sher!
what the hell, south africa. what the hell. 
70 runs fellas.. come on 
pretty sure the last overs of zak and pathan have cost us a semi final place. (that and getting steamrolled by aus)
uh oh. op is about to go crazy.
one more wicket and we are sniffing like white walkers 
behenchod rohit sharma

why not ashwin?
that is an awesome team 
[i thought it would be more like this](http://static.minichan.org/img/1323930714453668.jpg) lol
srsly wtf!
well, not quite anything 
halfway there...
seriously you have a spinner who is doing well and you give the ball to part timer ...what the fuck is that 
behenchod dhoni, ganja maar ke aaya hai kya? what the fuck was sharma doing bowling? 
wow, faf is rocking and rolling out there. 
need to take wickets and keep the score down. i know, i'll bowl rohit sharma 
pretty shitty format for a big tournament like this. one bad loss you are almost out of it while safricans after losing two pretty much convincingly were in the hunt till not too long ago.
he is gifted at 'sucking' !
right now everyone is paksitan is in love with plessis
it's slipping away. 
'if i was raina, i'd tell the umpire to jump in a lake' lol
csk management... fire that faf guy. let him make money elsewhere.
why do we have long on ffs. you need wickets, get the fielders in and ask them to hit!
they could just fire the captain who's decisions led to us getting kicked out of the cup?
it is what it is. its better than straight ko's
is there a *live* net run rate ticker anywhere? 
harsha bhogle : why do you think dhoni bowled rohit sharma ahead of ashwin ?

greg chappel : why dont you go ask dhoni ?


hahah .. i have never laughed this hard today.
"49 in 10 overs needed for india to be eliminated..."

come on south africa

edit: bloody hell, what a knock from du plessis. in only his 4th twenty20 international, with nothing more to play for. 
thanks for the hate man.


nothing personal. it's strictly business. 
[fuck this shit!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1jxhjqquq0#t=0m8s)

i'm switching sides............!!!!
 and what are those?
how... you being srilankan fan. you guys got beat by pakistan too recently. 
how i miss sachins seamers and off break
1. rohit sharma batting
2. rohit sharma bowling
3. rohit sharma in the fucking team.....

i could go on?
fuck this shit. i am out of here. 
please do...
well-played, fif.
f du plessis: y u no play me, south africa!	 
i'd rather not.
well, india are the new york yankees. nobody outside new york wants them to win. 
i like how you've translated yo for yaar.
then it is personal..right..


got him. too little too late? damn the indians know how to make it interesting.
gold statue of plessis to be erected outside qaddafi stadium, lahore
6 wickets for 26 runs. i'm with india on this.
well, if that's how you choose to see it, then there's nothing i can do to claim otherwise. 

still, fitness concerns or not, yuvraj singh has one magical arm. 
this is all but over. who are you guys rooting for now to win wc? i am going with wi.
as the op you are obligated to see through this misery.
any indians out here still? i appreciate your patience and perseverance
really? they got trounced pretty badly by sri lanka and australia. 
seriously stop the singles 
http://i.imgur.com/3jywo.jpg
hell, rename qaddafi stadium for him. 

i for one don't understand why it's named after qaddafi anyways?
you sir are a loyal fan! i think we've botched this.

*sob* might as well see saf win one? everyone goes back home happy and sad?
lol rooting for the underdog now.
did you forget about salman butt, amir and asif thingy?
http://i.imgur.com/3jywo.jpg
ha. that was good.
india done got faffed. 
i vote for it to be renamed plessis stadium. (qaddafi paid for it)
i am here. 
they will lose but prevent india from making the semis. bastards.
http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/10tc05/match_thread_india_vs_south_africa_t20wc_super/c6gih5j 

this attitude wouldn't help much and would explain why some people cheer against india. 
too late i suppose, this rate i suppose sa can chase down the entire score.
manjrekar is making it even more painful.
this is why:
http://www.indianexpress.com/news/a-stadium-called-gaddafi/754608/0
anyone else think rameez is full of crap ?

edit: context.

rameez - i think india is looking to win this game ... and south africa is just trying to get to 122.
hahaha.. you jealous man. lol.
aah, qaddafi is one of our overseas beneficiaries in addition to saudis and americans
...erected :s
south africa will first demoralise and then defeat the indians! great strategy! :d
yes plesses!
wow. you just done called us the new york fucking yankees of cricket. not cool, man!
ok shit the game just got interesting
6th wicket might just change things...
xd
*hunooz dilli door ast* (delhi is still far away/ target is yet to be achieved)
this fucking no ball review is such bs.
no ball! it's a no ball!

oh, india... 
don't think that will be a good idea - the bowling team can go to the best bowler but the batting team will have the lower order batting. also, it will favour the team batting second because they are in a better position to predict a tie and so can preserve their wickets better than the team batting first. 

the way it is now is similar to what you have in football - the best of the lot get to challenge the best of the bowler
lol at all the indian fans with their heads in their hands. it's almost as if t20 matters 
whoa nelly! those things never throw up a no-ball
try and keep it together a little while longer south africa, you are almost there..
fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee cricket. fuck me. bowled on a no ball. 
so - do all dismissals get checked for no-balls or only if the umpire is iffy about it?
just 10 more runs. 
this over bro...we may pack up. 
and its done. fuck.
why the fuck is zaheer not bowling ..man what a day to mess it up dhoni 
almost there, almost there... 
all of them.
you'd like that, won't you?
dude this *is* a t20 thread. the ones who don't care are probably *not drinking* on this auspicious gandhi jayanti evening doing something else
well after india won 2007 edition and was given a huge welcome back home this is what every other country's fans said. now i guess it is our turn. 
cricinfo.
didn't have to! you've done well, sa, you've done well! 
so, we are officially out of the competition. madarchod!
fair enough then....
now these fuckers will lose the match. please don't. go for the win now.
streams here, get your streams.
congratulations, pakistan. you played well today.
yea .. still here :)
c'mon , 27 more!!! go sa!!!!
pakistan.. go on win the cup. beat lankans and aussies.
stay classy.
almost all these days. i have seen them stop batsmen from walking off way too many times before they can check for a no-ball.
im done watching.
wut?
bhosdi key, maa chuda le apni. 
when you had fucking 50 runs to defend you had none inside the circle. now you have all of them in. well done 
fuck!!! dhoni messed up..we should have gone with harbhajan..playing balaji against sa..how stupid is that!!
you can do it!
hopw west indies win the cup..thats the only team i can support now :(
south africa may not have won a lot of matches, but they've won a lot of respect and gratitude today.
never. australia all the way.
always have been? mate, how long have you been watching cricket?
they did jack shit in this tournament except play spoilsport. 


we support wi now. never pakistan. 
meh, fuck it. it's not a world cup anyway.


indeed ;)
bye bye petereson. switch your hands now.
i feel your pain, but i wouldn't be blaming sa.
ok ... i am allin for west indies now !
as long as they're consistent it seems fair. all dismissals seems like the right way to go.
for some reason, i like this pakistan team. 
what respect? they still haven't won the match. they will get that respect if they win the match. 
i misunderstood furious fapmaster's comments. 
i am not blaming sa.
thank you south africa!
on a bright side, india didn't play bad at all. nothing spectacular, or according to the occasion, but it wasn't a bad performance at all. probably our second best performance of the tournament.
at least your username is honest
i still remember his hit in the 50-50 wc match in bangalore. i have disliked him since. 

to each his own, i am never going to support pakistan. 
who'll bowl the last 2? balaji and pathan? or ashwin to bowl this one?
so far, yes. 
all south africans are my enemies and faf de plessis is my enemy no.1
why the fuck did rohit sharma bowl...yuvraj bowled 4..the specialist's were not bad..why give the ball to rohit sharma...fuck u dhoni
even nelson mandela?
fucking ashwin..gives up a six.
15 off 7. win this match guys.
pathan.. 
i'm not sure he meant literally every sa citizen. 
they won my respect. :)
i support sri lanka, it would nice for them to get a home cup win!
so now pathan or balaji? both have the ability to lose the game.
you can be hella sure the whole pakistan is loving sa right now &lt;3

edit : 8 required off 5 , awesome :d
especially nelson mandela.

just kidding.
now the match is gone...
&gt; all south africans

only one way to interpret that
fucking asshole balaji.
well, that's a start to the last over. looks like it'll be close, but i reckon sa can pull out the win here.

edit: hmm. maybe not, that's a problem for sa...
fuck sake balaji. what the fuck?
oh thank god for the inside edge!
india team = bollywood police. commissioner of police m.s. dhoni.
balaji..dhoni you fucking idiot
super over, super over, super over. another super over in the tournament. come on!
i dont care if we win from here..balaji was a fuckin bad choice

today we lost it just because of bad captaincy. this was a 15 over match and you had to bowl your best bowlers in the first 15. there was no need to delay ashwin and have rohit fucking sharma in the first 10. 
shut the heck up. harsha. verbal diarrhea.
morkel in. morkel out.
one ball later, "fucking angel balaji!" 
what the fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
what a bomb.
dumb.

fucking.

asshole.
we're not going to.

edit: yay! we didn't!!
lollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

hilarious..
what. that's a crazy last over right there.
two balls later, "fucking asshole balaji". 
what an over! balaji you sick fuck.
not in this game. both teams will be too bummed out.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wengfzyeo5k

1 run :s , i'd have loved if it even went super over :(
one ball later, "fucking angel balaji!" 
but now again, "asshole"

only to be a fucking god again!

fuck yeah!
1 run
hahahah sa can stick it
ok, i'm happy overall. we got to beat pakistan and barely managed not to lose to sa. that game against aussies just did us in.
i guess the only people who enjoyed the result, would be the pakistani fans... oh well.  good luck in the semi's boys.
damn 1 run
behenchod, here is something for you. not everyone in india is a hindu. 
waka waka , its time for africa...in pakistan!
well that was good to see, dhoni and kohli being genuinely disappointed. but seriously balaji, why the fuck were you celebrating the inside edge when the guy whacked you for a huge six just the ball before?!
i think its fairly well established that op's comprehension powers are well below average! lets not even try 
initially posted in a different subreddit, thought everyone would enjoy this more over here :)
kinda like how australia had a billion indian fans during the ind-sl-aus series in aus.
if pakistan gets to the final, don't let the aussies win...fuck the aussies
gtfo troll. 
this is just in bad taste bro. remember india kicked our asses in the super 8s.
rohit sharma has had enough chances. it's time for him to go. 
dhoni, now you owe us a fucking apology. but these guys never do. props to ab.
watson is this aussie team's ponting. as long as he plays for them, screw australia. 
you are a disgrace to pakistan
yes. yes.
progress. no rivalry is bigger than the cup
dm,tp: doesn't matter, team progressed

also if india had gone through

dm,ba: doesn't matter, beat australia
zindabad!
wasn't manjrekar the one who questioned yuvie's place in the team? 
now these guys have found a new excuse: t20 is unpredictable. it's equally so for the other team, too, nutheads.
this
salman who?
yes, you're right, that's why he said it was appropriate.
rohit sharma had enough chances an year ago. now it's not even funny.
&gt; to each his own, i am never going to support pakistan.

my nigga.
guess the rain played some role in that..overall i think they exceeded my expectation.
i will never be too sure about this.
miandad is smiling on us all.
how would that situation even work? you can never increase your odds of qualifying by losing a game!

that being said : world cup, world t20 - progress, others - beat pak
not going to agree with you about beating australia. i want pakistan to win the cup more than beating india. if pakistan would have won from india and didn't make it to semis than i could have easily said dm;bi. doesn't matter; beat india 
no, nelson mandela is awesome.
congratulations india on a game well played. we wish you success in future games. 

as for faf du plessis, he just became pakistan's 12th man. 

good show guys. 


&gt;dont put yourself in a fucking situation where you need to rely on the results of matches between other teams which might potentially kick you out, you dopey twats!

only point worth mentioning. luck doesn't count for anything. 
the dude from sri lanka (cant remember his name) is the most biased commentator i've heard...

also ramiz raja...
dhoni has owed an apology since tour of england 
good point. 
bad wording on my part: should really be a case of progressing despite losing versus disqualification in spite of victory.
pakistan becomes the only team to play semi-final of every world twenty so far!
micheal holding is the best commentator ever! i also enjoy listening to dean jones.
my family (specially mother &amp; sisters) always say:

&gt;"khair hai, final haar jaain lekin india se jeet jaain"

which roughly translates into:

&gt;"it's ok if we lose the final, just win this game against india."
in the cb series, i really don't think india was good enough. same with the asia cup. if they can't defend 290 against bangladesh, do they deserve to be in the final?
no, but i felt so bad when bangladesh lost the final. :(

that was one of the best cricket games i've ever seen.
yeah, it would have been awesome if they had won. 
they tried damn hard though, and those tears in the eyes of the crowd... i stopped watching after that, didn't even watch the post-match ceremony. :feelsbadman:
i know pakistan won the game, but it was still bangladesh's asia cup.

that's why their inability to make the super 8s of the world twenty20 is that much more frustrating and disappointing. twenty20 is supposed to bridge the gap between the big teams and the small ones, and it has in the past; but this tournament suggests that that gap may still be massive. 
yes that was more than two years ago... zulqarnain stuff happened after all that.
personally, i care more about the tournament. that's probably because i don't have any feeling of animosity towards india or indians. but i know a lot of people who would say otherwise.
i would rather progress but i do know many pakistani fans would be just as happy to beat india but not progress. op what would you prefer? interested to see your answer.
i'd rather win the tournament but the icing on the sugar would be beating pakistan.

if we had no chance of winning i'd set all sights on pakistan.
that is some really weird sugar you are having.

they won every pakistani's respect
agreed! the better team did make it through to the semi-final
to be fair, this time, india didn't really put themselves into a huge hole themselves - the format of the tournament was also at fault, though i believe the best 4 teams are in semis
they call it sweet'n sweet.
likewise for me, though to be honest, not with indian batsmen were facing them.  not because they were doing anything wrong, just my small minded loyalties :)
russel arnold
i disagrre with holding

you're right this tournament was really unforgiving, but they're performance against aus was pathetic. when you play like that in a major tournament is hard to justify going much further.
sa played very well
if i could pick four guys to commentate every match i watched, it would have to be **bumble, nasser, ganguly, nicholas.**
here's the thing though, india isn't the only team that played, and honestly they put themselves in that situation. yeah, the format wasn't ideal, but it doesn't matter. this tournament has been all over the place with good teams losing and winning against each other. 
i am not limiting what i said to cricket
[i don't think so](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9qw1cikib1ruav3u.gif)
still crying about the 3 minutes of rain was in really bad taste. rather than admitting his mistakes, he decided to make excuses. 
it could be worse. you could have lost 2 super overs in 3 games.
daaa bears!!!
yeah i think thats the one...
something tells me that op does not want to keep talking about cricket anymore. 
hey, i'm agnostic.
i am very.
yes, it seems like it went off air pretty soon after i put it up. i'll test again for the semis. 

you can be sure that there will be (soundless) streams for the final because it's on sunday, and who in his right mind works on a sunday.
west indies v pakistan in final
football world cup 2006, yellow kit. 
.. cricketers?
haha, best comment.
silver lining of all of this is that we beat pakistan again on the big stage.

and pakistan needed someone else to do their work for them.
lol
what ? u mean to say you are doing good for goods sake ? gettoutahere. :)
true
i'm doing it for the karma points. sweet, sweet karma
are you joking?
pakistan had to beat australia that still needed 112 to qualify. 
india played south africa when the latter was out of the tournament already. 
india were out because pakistan fared better overall in the super 8s.

wow! well said!!
exactly right,  it appeared that way only because of the chronological order of the games. india are out because two teams had two wins and their loss was far worse than pakistan's.
you took the words right out of my mouth.
man, i don't know. sir lanka are a pretty good team and pakistan doesn't always preform when they need to. but i defiantly think australia will beat wi  
regard and observe the sheer amount of uneducated trogoldytes that continue to persist in the way that the english language should be dictated.
some india fans did too
i have to admit i did. mostly because i did not under any circumstances want to see india and sri lanka play each other again. 
here is what the linked quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:

&gt;title: brace yourselves..

&gt;* brace yourselves
&gt;* the indian sri lanka supporters are coming.

&gt;^[[direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r67bs.jpg)] ^[[background](http://imgur.com/r6qng)] ^[[translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||brace+yourselves+-+the+indian+sri+lanka+supporters+are+coming.)]

this comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access quickmeme images for any reason. some of those reasons are described on my [faq](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. more information about me can be found in my first [ama](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
wow! a test batting average of over 50 and you think he is a galli cricketer. nice! i would love to know if pakistan currently has anyone with that average.
i'm actually hoping for a pakistan/australia final, just so we get another chance to take another crack at the team that's beaten us twice in an icc cup without answer. realistically though, i do think it will be aus/sl. 
india v pakistan is a very different rivalry to something like england v australia.  i think that there is something quite sinister about india v pakistan. it seems like a metaphor for war between the two nations. 

i'd rather india lost to pakistan and progressed. 
i know avid cricket fans would want pakistan/india to go on and win the tournament or progress through.

the "when india and pakistan play" cricket fans would def only want to beat the other team. 
hahaha, you've got to be kidding me. i see no reason to support sri lanka. 
to all pakistani fans cheering at india's exit: it's like celebrating your wife's pregnancy even though you were not the reason behind it. 
well i doubt they were going for the win after they were 5 down.  i am pretty sure hussey was told by a runner to just make 112, and that's what he made.  so i do not think they were on the 'cusp of losing', as their goal was to make sure they qualified.
*twist... op is actually indian.
i think twenty20 has really helped with that, actually. runs are at such a premium in this format that fielders will damn near kill themselves to save a boundary. 6 runs out of a total of 160~ in a twenty20 game is a different kettle of fish than, say, saving 6 runs out of a total of 260~ in a 50-over game, or saving 6 runs out of a 400+ total in a test match.

obviously, that's not to say that fielders don't give it their all in those formats, but twenty20 makes the microscopic look gigantic. 
&gt;brilliant... for the 3rd series running, we've been kicked out from advancing because of some other team...

really?  it has nothing to do with india not winning enough games with a high enough run rate?
yes, but i still get to have a baby
please explain?
care to elaborate? guess it's probably when he compares today's windies to the windies of his era?
i don't think your analogy really works. it's more like seeing your older brother win the lottery, then be murdered leaving you as the sole benefactor.

they've played each other 7000 times in the last year. tri- series in oz, asia cup, etc.
true. that would be worse. 
bit inflammatory, this. 
can't believe there isn't more love for mark nicholas in this thread,  the man is the bard of cricket.

now winning enough games? they won 2 out of 3!!! the same as pakistan and australia... 

but still, india should have worked a little harder against australia... that would have helped their run rate.. the pakistan chase was fine, nothing else could have been done about it... but the downfall of australia (twice in a year) is amazing; being the overwhelming favorites to win a game, but ends up losing, thus destroying indias chances of advancing (cb series, and today). 
so virat is mortal, after today's performance
honest question: is there such a thing? i don't know a single indian that supports or even likes the lankan team. hell i even know a few that would rather see pakistan win than sl. 
[summary of test, odi and t20 matches played by india in the last 3 years](http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/team/6.html?class=11;spanmin1=02+oct+2009;spanval1=span;template=results;type=team). you'll see that about 25% of india's matches are against sri lanka.
one of those fans would be me. 

i just dislike this srilankan team.



why don't you start talking trash when you actually beat india on your own?
to be fair ind was the weakest of the 3 teams in that cb series. i agree with your point about bad luck, but just in relation to that cb series, sl beat aus 3 times.
meh, not an indian cricket fan by any stretch but what's the point of this post? any fan of any nation, pakistan included, knows the pain of failure. just be thankful that the indians came to the tournament and showed their cricket prowess.  
haha yeah xd
fully agree with you about watson. i know he had a similar streak going in the 2010/11 season, but then nothing for quite a while, and now, giving master classes every game! i hope he can keep it up for this tournament, at least, and hopefully, have another spurt during the ashes!

as fo kohli, i've not seen enough of him to understand your points about his attitude, all i know is, from what little of him i've seen, is that he is an outstanding batsmen...
pak vs wi final
what was kirsten thinking coaching this team. after the glory of world cup success in india, he should have either just quit or picked a country like ireland with more chance of winning a silverware.
never heard of this, in fact i have seen a lot of indian fans say they will support wi from now on. i am a cricket fan first closely followed by an australian fan. i've always seen the indians as somewhat an enemy (behind the poms of course), but having grown up in the 80's i've always wanted to see wi bring back some of that glory. 
pakistan has the bowling to beat any team, especially with the pitches becoming more and more conducive to spin. the question is do their batsman have another two innings of at least 150 runs each. i think not. not impossible, but unlikely.
sure, only read and comment on half of my sentence...

i also said:

&gt;with a high enough run rate

australia got into the finals, without relying on the results of another match, because they won enough games ***with*** a high enough net run rate.
the rivalry always seems to go too far, and i have never been a fan of it. 
it's honestly a toss up. pakistan can either lose by 100 runs or win by 100 runs, but as a pakistan cricket fan i'll be rooting for them.

the west indies is also playing really well, and if they manage to somehow get watson and warner out, they have a really good chance of pulling off a win.

so yeah, it'll just be really interesting to watch the games!
i'm planning on rooting for sl. wi seems like an interesting choice, but i feel most of them are just rooting for gayle. i used to love the sl team of the late 90s with desilva, jayasuriya, etc. 
nah. pakistan was behind it all the way. they trashed the team that thrashed india.
after the south africa game talking to the interviewer who does the after game interviews, he brought it up 5 times, trying to divert the loss of that night away.
i nearly through my remote through the window, argh
and why do you say that...? i can see pakistan cheering because it means we're in, but why everyone else?
they're just the most dislikable team in world cricket at the moment, i'm sure there will be another team in their place in a few months... i thnik
it was our own fault to get ourselves in to that position to lose though. so we can't blame the super overs. if anything we should be thankful we had a 2nd chance to win each match after blowing it.
fyi, eddard stark never said 'brace yourselves' in the books or tv series.
australia v wi essentially comes down to watson v gayle. whichever fires better will win the game.
agreed - it's not often i'll use the report button, but i see no redeeming cricket discussion coming from this post - it's needless provocation.
cummins &amp; starc are the other difference between the two teams as well - both of them are looking really great.
pakistan also has kamran.akmal@bet.com
biased - ian healy, he is like a cheerleader

unbiased - lloyd (england), bill lawry ( he is biased towards victorians) otherwise he calls it like how he sees it. 
i use to like the indian team in the 90s ...they didn't blame the rain or the pitches when they lost a match. 

hey man, are you trying to recreate partition here?
ramiz raja having a go at sreesanth was hilarious
for some reason, bangladesh is one of the most depressing teams to watch because when they play well and lose they look really dejected and often it's the case that they don't win.
i don't agree with your last statement. there is still is quite a bit of gap between the top 8 teams and the rather weaker nations, but the individual gap between the top 8 teams seems to be quite smaller with teams like west indies beating england. you would never expect the same result same result if they were playing 50-over cricket.
its because sri lanka is playing pakistan. indian will support anyone against pakistan, specially when they are out of the tournament.  
well somebody said it well - india are like the new york yankess / manchester united/ miami heat of cricket right now. we have the most money and have had a bit of success lately. we also have our share of glory hunting obnoxious fans. so its not surprising that people would cheer for teams against us.

goes with the territory, i guess.

i think this loss serves us well. we've let our team and management get too complacent and smug and some of their decisions have been bizarre.

two big test series coming up this winter and hopefully, we'll be able to win back some support on basis of our performance.
meh, 'neutrals' who follow cricket around the world know that while our board can be jerks at times, they do not reflect the attitude of all indian fans.

personally, i would rather see pakistan win; because of ajmal.
i can understand people hating on our board. i loathe them too.

why the team though?
filthy neutrals!
it's both a cliche and a valid criticism, because although sri lanka are a decent team, india's recent record has benefited from playing them in tests and odis.
no, no! undo the partition, create a cricket superpower. a team with cunning fast bowlers, supreme batsmen and a disproportionate quantity of left arm spin.
haha .. oh you sweet sweet whore !
i think a more sensical question would be this:


you have a super 8 game between india and pakistan. both have qualified for the next round - its a battle for first place in the group.


over the other side of the draw, bangladesh and australia have won 2 from 3 in the super 8s respectively - but tamim and shakib went nuts against england, so they have a better nrr. australia got caught out by the spin of sri lanka in the first game (and lost badly), but dominated england and bangladesh to be coming in to the semi in red hot form. bangladesh dropped their last game to australia, but are 1st by a marginal proportion of nrr.


if your side wins, they face a red-hot australian side in a semi final. if they lose, they play bangladesh (coming off a loss) in the second semi. 


what do you prefer? the perceived easier route to the final, or bragging rights over your neighbour?
shaun pollock impressed me on commentary - very insightful.

ian healey, michael slater, bill lawry and tony greig are pretty dire in terms of bias. mark taylor impresses me, however. 
right on the money. 
the super over is a ridiculous concept imo. even countback systems and/or least wickets lost (while still poor options) are better.
disagree. nic maddinson is starting to kick on, kurtis patterson impressed throughout the u/19 circuit and made a big ton on fc debut, peter nevill is a class wicketkeeper batsman, steven smith is making runs and could develop into a serviceable squad batsman. joe burns is very impressive and mitch marsh is finally making an impact.

our depth isn't as strong as we would like, but bailey and co. will all make decent test batsmen in the short term, and middle-term we look pretty good (assuming these young guys do kick on).
nah, she's as sri lankan as they get!
raina should never be in a test match squad. ever. 


cheteshwar pujara, ajinka rahane, robin bist, ashok menaria and even suryakumar yadav (and i don't rate yadav that much) should be there ahead of him.



i actually want west indies to win. 
ah machung kohomada
i don't think (most) indian fans really care about pak losing to other teams.

 you'll definitely not see the sort of support south africa had yesterday (partially because pakistan's progress depended on the match)


&gt;nic maddinson

his last season was disappointing

&gt;kurtis patterson impressed throughout the u/19 circuit 

big different to international cricket, look at marsh, hughes, khawaja, forrest


&gt; steven smith is making runs 

this is the problem with the sheffield shield 

on another note....please stop blaming the pitches and rain when you guys lose a match.
we could have won against south africa pretty comprehensively had we had 2 regular spinners in the side and had chosen to treat this as a 15 over game where the best bowlers bowled in that period. 
kind of petty isn't it? 
too true, it feels like he goes out of his way to prove his neutrality by bashing england :)

also, i almost never hear anything negative about sri lanka from *anyone*.
as said in a previous comment but surav ganguly  is pretty good and fair. 
we've beaten them before, we'll do it again :p
he's the [yogi berra](http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/y/yogi_berra.html) of cricket
i am kinda confused about this too. did i miss some assholery by the indian team? they might not be the most likeable but why dislikeable? 
i dunno, cummins has been a bit of a disappointment for me. he bowled well against india but otherwise has been loose and expensive. he has the x-factor, but really needs the discipline to be able to hit a good length  or yorker when he wants to. i think mckay should be in his place.

in any case, i think cummins &amp; starc beat out edwards &amp; rampaul/russell. on the other hand, i think narine &amp; badree beat out hogg &amp; doherty. it'll be interesting!
that's a far better question.
really? i missed that. what did he say?
sa doesnt really have a strong case.
agreed. as a pak fan, i always support india over australia. 


no, he didn't blame everything else. he believes rain was a big factor and that's what he highlighted in his answer. were there other factors like strategy, player performance that affected the outcome? sure. but in his view, rain was a big factor that influenced other factors as well and i agree with him. how did he create all the bowling issues? 

the confirmation bias is that you tried to argue that rain was a non-factor to fit in your view that dhoni is a sore loser. rain and pitch conditions are always a factor in cricket matches. to argue otherwise is willful ignorance. if you look at all of dhoni's interviews during his tenure as captaincy, he has talked about different things being factors for their win or loss based on what happened that day. i think that is pretty rational and honest and that is what should be expected from a captain or anybody representing a team. 

sure you can criticise his strategy of bowling ashwin for 3 straight overs on a pitch that wasn't turning as much as when india batted. you can question the strategy of dropping sehwag and picking yuvraj when they already had 3 spinners in the team. those things were factors as well but not as big a factor as rain. 
i cheered more when england were eliminated!
i'm an indian fan and i like the sri lankan side.

though i am biased since two of my best friends happen to be sri lankan.

aside from that it was the way in which the side rose from humble beginnings to ascend to the pinnacle of world cricket that leaves much to be admired.
even if sri lanka make it to the finals, their final-phobia will help australia to dominate the game. pakistan is very unreliable, yet a very talented team with a good bowling squad.

sri lanka relies on top 3 batsmen as well as the australia. greatest bowling strength of australia is their fast bowlers while sri lankan bowling heavily depend on spinners most of the time.
hallo aney ;) 
because some people can't differentiate between indian cricket board and the cricket team.
why pitches and rain and hence toss are never a factor in a team winning or losing a cricket match ? if so, why do broadcasters spend so much time talking about pitch, toss and weather conditions? there is a reason for that. 
don't forget, india lost only one game before kicked out. every time i watch india batting, i'm wondering how long their tail is.
i don't dislike the sri lankan team but i don't like watching them play primarily because india has played them half a million times in the last 3 years. how many times can you watch the team that is not yours. 

having said that, i still watch them for malinga. 
there was this 'india pakistan friendship club' on orkut (a social network that used to be popular here) that kept fighting for undoing the partition exactly for this. they were serious!
may be he's just having a good time like every batsmen go through in their lifetime once or few times. he's talented no doubt about that, but his attitude and facial expressions makes me vomit. except dhoni, sehwag, gambhir, i don't like any indian cricketer in the current squad.

p.s. there was a friendly team at the time mohammad azharuddin was the captain.
honestly, i don't even see why people give a damn. soccer matches don't have cheerleaders (if they do, they're extremely rare), neither does ice hockey, or a whole host of other sports. i'm not against having cheerleaders, but honestly, it matters little. 
except dhoni blamed everything but the team's performance.
income of cricket heavily relies on india. from tv commercial to almost everything.

anyway i hope indian fans won't burn their cricketers' houses. this is just sport.
he said we won 2 out of the 3 games but lost out because of one bad defeat. how is that blaming 'everything else'? 




even though i tend to agree with you on the actual contribution, i still strongly believe the story behind the comeback of yuvraj, and the implications even beyond just cricket make the choice of this picture.

not defending the mods here, just expressing my opinion.
how is indian tail long? atleast in the current t20 squad, we had 7 batsmen (incl. dhoni). then we had pathan and ashwin. both can bat. pathan can hit big but no consistent. ashwin is consistent but doesn't hit big. then we had balaji &amp; khan and that is a long tail to you. you got to be kidding,i guess. 
ramiz raja! never accepts that pakistan sucks at cricket :p
what the fuck does this have to do with cricket?
the sidebar picture has been the last mom for quite some time now.

it will change to whoever wins the mom in the women's world cup semis as soon as they're done.

no need to make this a 'thing'
because playing &gt;25% of your games against sri lanka just to boost your statistics is boring for the fans to watch, and is a pretty dodgy practise
he doesn't have your hawkieeyes to help him read all those words.
really? i'm expecting a pak vs. wi final. go figure.
yes, most of us don't like that either. but that's the board and not the team. everybody hates the board.
true. i guess it's part of the way cricket works internationally nowadays to think board == team, because the team are the ones playing the games.
to be fair that's the first valid cricketing reason i've heard. mostly, its just "because - ipl!" or such like.

~~plus~~ don't all subcontinental teams shy away from playing outside the region? i am pretty sure india have played more tests in aus, eng and nzl in the last 5 years than srl or pak, and half as many against bd and zim. 

its a dodgy practice but why single us out?
that, and hafeez has no technique is probably one of the weakest openers in the international circuit. just sayin.
because you guys are a far better team than the other 2? you're in the top 5 for all 3 forms of cricket, along with south africa, england and australia, so people would rather see you playing against the 'strongest teams' than against the same two teams over and over, especially when it's fairly clear that the matches aren't particularly even
basically people want to see white girls like in ipl.
i'm judging it based off the fact that we have a better fast bowling attack and we already beat wi this tournament (albeit on d/l). 
well we did tour england and australia in the last 12 months. and now, they're both expected to tour here for 4 test series' this year. i think with the ftp out of the way you're going to see *more* india, eng, aus and saf series as its in the commercial interests of the 4 boards concerned.

the attendance and tv viewership of an india-aus/eng/saf series is bound to be higher than india-srl.

a lot of the india-srl series in the recent past were basically 'gifts' from the bcci to the bccsl. a series against india brings good tv revenues and tourists &amp; those two have some messed up stuff going on between them. 


edit: [the current icc future tours program](http://static.icc-cricket.com/ugc/documents/doc_ac502951f717126304cd33bbae78bca6_1344408756048_628.pdf). india's scheduled to play eng, saf and aus for at least 10 tests, home and away between now and 2020. 
what happened in that match, according to every body else without bias, is that two people in unbelievable form backed by a fairly descent team annihilated a team that bowled poorly, batted poorly and fielded even more poorly.
confirmation bias is singleing out a minor factor that effected both teams, that the complaining team should be prepared for, used to and experienced in given that it's more or less their home ground enviroment, and ignoring the vast majority of reasons why they lost.
another reason they lost is because watson was dropped very early. explain to me how that isn't a bigger issue then rain? why didn't he harp on about that in every press conference since.

the fact that he bought up the rain being responsible for their loss during the after match interview on the field where they beat south africa, is clearly another example of dhoni trying to remain out of the blame spot light that the bcci are so quick to shine on its players when they perform poorly.

i dont use the term often, but in the australia game, they sucked, in every aspect of the game they were bad.
rain had as much impact as their bowling, their fielding and their batting performance, why single it out and continue to bring it up in every interview while trying to explain how your team does not need work.
a heaping amount of pavillion politics and ethnic, religious and regional quotas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boooh3vmv6w
how is southee bowling the most ridiculous no-ball in history predictable!

unless...;)
the cheerleaders are a joke. i think it's one of the tackier qualities of t20 cricket but they are especially mediocre in this tournament, most of their movements are waaay out of sync with each other. 
hughes: 95 in the first dig and currently 58no looking to avoid an outright loss.

khawaja: 88 and 20.

moving away from nsw works!
sri lanka vs australia in the final..
pakistan also has a very good chance to make it to the final but my money is on sri lanka beating pakistan in the semi final...
&gt;the west indies is also playing really well


kidding, right? they've only won two games out of five in this tournament.
india just lost one match in the entire world cup. i would still say it was decent performance
kohli and yuvraj are specially disliked because they seem to act like assholes. everyone in my neighborhood was making jokes like 'haha did you see virat and kohli cry? those fuckers!'. honestly, no one has a problem with any other player it seems (aside from the age-old pak india rivalry)
&gt;. i think with the ftp out of the way you're going to see more india, eng, aus and saf series as its in the commercial interests of the 4 boards concerned.

ftp? what is that?
mark nicholas wrote a horrible character assassination of kp in *the cricketer* magazine about 8 months ago, he came across as bitter.
future tours program. basically the icc mandated that every nation must play every other nation for at least 2 home and away tests in a five year span. they didn't necessarily impose it (because india never ~~played~~ hosted bd) but teams planned their itineraries around it.

last year was supposed to mark the beginning of a new cycle of the ftp but ind,eng,aus and saf haven't signed on and chosen to play a lot more against each other instead.
&gt; his last season was dissapoointing

his last season was, but he looks like he will develop into a good batsman. he's only 20-21. seriously, he's talented.


&gt; big different to international cricket

yeah, it is, but plenty of guys in the current team (wade, warner, paine et al.) all came through the u/19 system and didn't break into state squads until years later. patterson came in and immediately impressed, and he's been making grade runs for fun for years now. mitchell marsh looked comfortable in the t20s he played for australia, shaun was a good odi batsman prior to his spontaneous breakdown, hughes was plagued by inconsistent selection and if khawaja doesn't play 50-60 tests with success i'll be extremely surprised. 


&gt; this is the problem with the sheffield shield

smith's worked hard at his game and is reaping the rewards. we're a strong bowling nation - every state has guys capable of playing test cricket (just look at magoffin; good queensland bowler who went to england and blew everyone bar graham onions out of the water). smith isn't being 'gifted' runs. i was at the shield match where him, haddin and henriques made runs. smith looked the most assured of the bunch before an unlucky runout. and jackson bird was bowling beautifully throughout the day. it's easy to go 'lol, steven smith' and write him off, but the kid's performing against quality bowlers.


thanks

upboated
wow!!
it's tim southee; there would be investigations into match fixing if he somehow didn't fuck it up.
it was hasan raza before.
personally speaking, i'd rather there weren't any at all. i certainly don't give a shit about their ethnicity.
i thought about cozier, good commentator, but clearly a windies man, in the same vein as ian smith and martin crowe are good commentators with their kiwi biases. 
to summarise what most people have said here and to add my own flavour. who gives a shit? the spectacle of t20 is that it is the shortest, most intense format of cricket. was it not enough that they took a game that takes 5 days and somehow compacted it into 4 hours? 

on a more localised note, cheerleading or anything similar is not very prevalent in sl. the closest thing they might have is traditional dancing which is quite common. what the moronic organisers should have done (assuming they feel pressured to have some sort of eye-candy) is organised some very talented, elegant traditional sri lankan dancers who would have appeared far more professional than the amateurs they have attempting to do something they have only ever seen on tv. 

"re-integrated". stop this ego-olympics at once. unnecessarily dodging the inevitable. 
&gt; no need to make this a thing. 

don't put words into my mouth. i never implied anything other than what i said. 
and don't forget ray price!
great writing by rob as always. kohli deserves every bit of it. i don't mean to be a dick or anything, but i have a funny hunch that cheteshwar pujara might become the dravid to kohli's sachin. 


pujara recently scored two unbeaten centuries in a domestic contest. just thought i'd give him a shout-out.
i'm sure gayle was delighted the sri lankan police protected him from such a dangerous threat.

&gt;on september 24, a sri lankan broke into the rooms of two australian cricketers at the same hotel and offered them sex. he was fined 1,000 rupees (around eight dollars) and handed a one-month suspended jail term.

is there something you want to tell us australia?
i think people are getting ahead of themselves. by all means, kohli is fantastic, but all these comparisons with tendulkar, and he's only 23 and has limited experience at test level. i hope it doesn't pressure him and burns him out before his time. the amount of young players being tipped as the next big thing and then never achieving the level predicted for them happens, more than players achieving their predicted levels and beyond, and i just feel that its too early for all of this.
i guess the only thing we can do is wait and see. 

my two cents is that rob smyth is right. 

i can't add anymore to his brilliant piece, and i fervently hope kohli can make the step from brilliant limited overs player to "great batsman". his test career seems to be trending that way, though he's yet to break 1000 runs.
3 out of 5, and they got unlucky against australia because it started raining
i admit they ae passionate and have seen too many hindi films but that doesnt make them assholes.
it's the ecb. they wouldn't be half so loveable without all their incomprehensible management speak.
i have a degree in management, and i think every bit of criticism re: shady corporate neologism is well-deserved.
agreed, i speak as a neutral, yuvraj and kohli both seem extremely arrogant and douche-y.
i think that's a poor analogy because you're implying that pakistan made no effort of their own to qualify for the semi-finals. that is not true, pakistan won 4 out of 5 of their matches and their victories were by a wider margin than india's, hence getting qualified instead of india.
i have no doubt that kohli is going to be the next superstar since once srt retires he will become 'the great indian batsman'.its too early to talk about 10,000 test runs etc. though.

he's also not the 'next sachin' yet. one of the reasons sachin's popularity exploded is that through it all he maintained a public persona of a nice humble bloke. most of his opponents respected him and that added to his aura as a sportsperson.

kohli comes across as a bit abrasive right now. you can pull that off when the going is good but it will turn people off when it's not. 
yogi berra played the game, and considered one of the legends.  bhogle on the other hand .. :)
agreed, manjrekar is the best out of the indians. he's always a joy to listen too. gavaskar is just too biased
aiyooo!!
i agree with your analogy. 
that was a brilliant article. thanks for sharing it. 
i did.
haha yeah, good signs from the two big buys.

&gt;moving away from nsw works!

dunno about that though, forrest not off to a great start. =s
nothing wrong with abrasive though. all i'm saying is that you shouldn't expect kohli to polish off and become the friendly face that sachin is. i personally like the idea that the next big india batsman is a little rough around the edges.

change is good. it's been a fun ride to have the young, vital and expressive michael clarke as captain after the cold exteriors of ponting and steve waugh.
i love that. "re-integrated".

like there isn't a giant kevin-sized hole in the middle order asking to be filled.
yeah, i think he deserves it. i'm sure the majority disagree with me but australian cricket fans have too short a memory.

remember our last test against south africa? this guy is the reason we won it. sure he made some mistakes in that series, but his partnership with johnson in the final innings was the reason we didn't go down 2-nil.

besides, wade is looking a little out of his depth. his century against wi was excellent, but otherwise he seems to have struggled. give it time - haddin's still strong, wade and the others need time to develop.

although geez, hartley from qld is looking pretty sweet at the moment. let's see more of him!
wait till it rains just before you begin to bowl and let us see how mendis and akila can grip the ball to get some spin.
mahela will have that as the reason in a jiffy. 
haddin's major failing is that he is gilly's successor. anytime he does anything wrong there's always going to be that niggling, biting little thought that "gilly wouldn't have dropped that" or "gilly would have hit that ball for six". haddin is not an awful player, he's a respectable keeper and as a batsman he's stood up and delivered when we've most needed it.  
i am supporting pakistan this time. 

me too but also for afridi.
don't start the hype.. or has it already started. let him play world over and prove he is as good.


next sachin is such a huge statement to make. and honestly, i don't want anyone to be the next sachin. the pressure is too much from the indian fans.

besides, anyone who's seen sachin of the old will know that kohli isn't there yet. sachin accumulated runs at an unbelievable rate. a century or half century in pretty much every game when:

1. he was really the only decent batsman in the team and got little to no support from his peers.

2. fucking bowlers - mcgrath, walsh, ambrose, warne, muralitharan, donald, pollock, lee, waqar, wasim, akhtar... each and every one of these is a legend (probably not akhtar but he was deadly too).

there's a few decent bowling attacks nowadays - the english, south african, and australian attacks - and kohli hasn't dominated any of these.
this is  a newfound criticism of dhoni that he blames everything other than his team's performance. i agree that he has gotten nuts/complacent and blase after wc2011 win but his interviews are really good and he analyzes the game very well and apportions blame fairly. 


only non sub-continent players should show some passion, aggression and talk back... right? 


so did australia, sri lanka, and pakistan.

india's performance overall wasn't bad, but lacked consistency. they had all the right combinations but didn't get the run rate. especially considering that india's batting line up is probably superior to many of the teams in the super eights.
being the captain he has to share the blame for not trying rahane in place of sehwag. 
dude its monsoon season in sl, we've been playing in the rain since the colonial timez
does anyone else see a dravid in ajinkya rahane?
you mean like [schadenfreude](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schadenfreude)?? that smacks of an inferiority complex.
then i assume you are not a blind indian fan. you are a good man. i support all my south asian teams. i was happy that india won the world cup. i will be happy if this world cup stays in south asia as well. 
dravid was more of a defensive batsman with an elegant technique and amazing footwork. isn't rahane pretty aggressive when he plays? 
see when you have a bad day matters. aussies having a pathetic day against pakistan didn't matter much because it was the last day of super 8s. india's timing wasn't conducive to getting to the next stage. 
winning 4 of 5 games against quality opposition with a cup board barely full needs to be commended. it just rankles that windies which did barely enough qualified easily.
well, to be honest most of what we have seen of rahane is when he is playing in the ipl and in that format you have to aggressive.

i can't comment on his test match skills, as i haven't seen him.
the most successful team in all the editions of ipl since its inauguration has been the chennai super kings and its most integral part (suresh raina &amp; ms dhoni) are positioned to bat at number 6 and 7 in the indian t20i line-up. i just don't believe the logic behind this. i mean it's sad for me as well that one of my personal favourite and one of the best t20 player in the world (ms dhoni), due to which t20 format became so popular in india (back in 2007), didn't get a complete chance to bat and india are out of the tournament!
the most successful team in all the editions of ipl since its inauguration has been the chennai super kings and its most integral part (suresh raina &amp; ms dhoni) are positioned to bat at number 6 and 7 in the indian t20i line-up. i just don't believe the logic behind this. i mean it's sad for me as well that one of my personal favourite and one of the best t20 player in the world (ms dhoni), due to which t20 format became so popular in india (back in 2007), didn't get a complete chance to bat and india are out of the tournament! this is where india got it horribly wrong. they did not implement the successful methodologies of the ipl in their international campaign.
haha, fucking true mate.
honestly, are they really being such a wet bunch of english cunts about it?  
pietersen did a dickish thing. he admitted he was a dick. he's talented, everyone likes the silly cunt, let's have him back.  
he's got good years left in him as a batsman, but he's a bit of a diva. well so fucking what, lad makes runs, let's drop the bloody pretension.
subcontinent audiences mostly want to see white girls, it's a big thing in ipl. they even have compilations of blonde cheerleaders jumping around. it's pathetic, i don't agree with it, but sex sells i guess.
yeah i remember that very well. ab kicked the hell out of india but still kohli was celebrating as if he was dismissed for a duck. these are occasions where i tend to disagree with kohli's behaviour.
by far, ms dhoni is the most humble indian cricketer ever produced by india. you can't get better than him.
it's the "other", isn't it? people are attracted to the unfamiliar. there's a similar thing in england with ladies from the far east or brasil. they're perceived as exotic (and- for east asians- demure; brasilians as sexually available). 

most of the cheerleaders in the ipl seem to be slavic, judging by their looks (i've travelled pretty extensively in eastern europe so i'm pretty confident that's the case) and i wonder if there's a corresponding cultural trope in the subcontinent for caucasians?
oppa gangbang style?
just look at sachin tendulkar's innings at sharjah against australia mate in the 1990's. you'll get an idea what sort of a player he was.

the biggest advantage that kohli has:
he has got a team which is full of 7 front-line dangerous batsmen any time to support him.

and when sachin was at his peak, the biggest disadvantage he had:
he had to win every match on his own or else india would lose every time he failed.
rahane might have played aggresively during the ipl,but so did dravid. i think rahane=dravid is a fair analogy to make. pujara could be the next laxman.
none of them are the next anything.

wait up. please. 
he is very protective of west indies batmen


sachin did gain popularity because of his calm demeanour but, he was also quite rough in his youth. i remember hearing about an incident when some one said something to tendulkar during a match and he got so mad that he danced down the pitch for every ball that the guy bowled. the captain(not sure if it was ganguly) at the non-strikers end tried advising him against it but sachin apparently gestured him to get back. i tried to find the source of that info..maybe its buried deep inside some video. if i ever find it i'll share it with you guys. 
pak v. aus in the final. aus wins. that's my prediction at least, but of course i'm rooting for pakistan to win.
for some reason i am feelinf srilanka vs west indies final.

really, you don't think aus can beat wi?
yup, i am rooting for pak, but... sri lanka have been great during this t20
in your dreams!

being an indian supporter for 25 years i can tell you that most of us are supporting pak in this match. reason? i dunno man, but in the last couple of years or so, sl fans have been pretty rude towards us, esp in cricinfo comments. initially it took us by surprise, because we used to like you guys. but now i can assure you that the hatred is pretty mutual. otoh, pak fans have been very friendly and and sporting, winning us over. so, go pakistan!

it is mostly hype. nothing major i suppose.
bet it is gayle being gayle, sorta like manny being manny.
agreed
not really. they both cant play spinners and both have "ok" spinners. they will thrash each other equally. at the end i believe that wi will come up. it will be high scoring match unlike paistan vs sri lanka match.

story has been submitted twice already.
oh definitely. people want what they don't see on a daily basis. plus most people in subcontinent are raised on bollywood films and an unhealthy diet of "fair skin = beautiful, dark skin = ugly." even now you can see tons of ads for products similar to fair &amp; lovely, which are supposed to lighten your skin. brides have tons of white powder applied to them for their wedding day, etc. basically it's a terrible obsession with light skin, and those with darker skin are shunned. think about most famous bollywood actresses, most of them have fair skin.

so naturally that translated to cheerleaders as well. i don't think many really care about where the girls are from exactly, but the average person would want to see a light colored blonde girl over an african girl for example. i mean i guess in the end beauty is beauty, but overall the average subcontinent man is going to go for the fair skinned girl over the dark skinned girl. 

sorry to turn the discussion into race and all lol, but it's interesting.
ah that's true actually.. i know i compared tendulkar to kohli, but kind of didn't realize how much better bowling attacks used to be. holding off on the comparisons for now.
that's the windies way!
that ok. adding to that thought:

even if you leave that out - think of all the facilities kohli must have had during his childhood - i bet there were books and videos and coaches that he could get and watch. there's the internet, the fuck all grandmaster of education. bear in mind though, that i'm not taking anything away from kohli. learning and implementing are two different things. and it must've taken a remarkable amount of mental and physical strength to not get distracted in this day and age and maintain an incredible work ethic. but tendulkar had none of this. you just can't compare these two. not because one is greater than the other - but because you're comparing apples to oranges.

it's like comparing the don to srt. 
&gt;it feels like he goes out of his way to prove his neutrality by bashing england :)

i believe it is more to do with a concern and knowledge about a commentator's native team. similar commentary about other teams has been frequently heard by others as well. that's a lot lot usual. 
in india, that's a lot unlikely. in pakistan, that's the top thing on the crowds' minds. 
yeah you see, he hits the essential six runs and gets out. :d
windy? it was blowing a gale.
love pujara, awesome cricketer.
when does the pakistan vs. sri lanka match start in u.s time?
9:30 am in new york area.
brilliant. it would probably take 3 of them for gayle....
thank you
first off, you seem to be not reading the whole thing.. not bothered with reading the second paragraph?

australia, just like the other 3 teams, had no idea that almost everything would come down to run rate at the end...
and then we come back to the same point.. you keep saying "won enough games".. those words have no meaning here because 2 other teams had the exact same wins.. might have well been 1 win for each team, my point being that the number of wins does not matter at all in this case..

and you seem to pick up on the first line that i wrote, mainly "brilliant... for the 3rd series running, we've been kicked out from advancing because of some other team..."

you tend to show your lack of reading the whole thing again, because you didnt bother to read the last point i made in my post... give it another go, will you?
so pitches and weather never have an impact on a game?
dat username. 
"hey ladies, wanna see my bat and balls? let me hit your boundary."
"you should see my drive"

"you should see my short leg...clips"
what a load, he's been in form for a while, just like every other batsmen ever gets in form for a while.
shane watson's stint in form when he was younger makes kholi's recent "superstar" form look pathetic, but what happened? he was overplayed and a little arrogant about it and he payed the price, 2 solid years of recovery from stress fractures and the like and now he's only just returning to form.

the series was scored the same for every single team, the best teams got through.
if india hadn't of gotten so shamefully flogged against australia, they would have gone in, instead, but they didnt, they got annihilated and they didn't deserve to be in the semi's.
lets not forget nearly losing to afghanistan, seriously, that game was amazing, those plucky little bastards nearly had india, i would have gone mental.
honestly, i think india were extremely lucky to beat sa at all, if we're going on paper, sa should have thumped the crap out of them, as they probably should have every other team in the tournament.
seriously!? don't ever argue that something is important based on commentator speculation they have hours to fill and they literally talk about anything.
yes they do, but the way every team plays the game has 90% of the impact, india blame major losses on short 4-5 minute spurts of ran that would have evaporated in minutes on the entire reason for their loss, nothing to do with their shitty performances.
i'm with you, it feels like a team of amateurs held up by a couple of politically powerful people unwilling to weaken their position in the team by introducing new, younger talent.
and thats a huge part of whats wrong with indian cricket, the opinion of the media and the rich has more say on what happens then the people in charge.
1 billion people and these are the best batsmen you can squeeze out?
not only lost the odis but they were embarassing, especially given dhoni's endless non-related excuses in the media.
like, don't bowl so fast maaan. let's just take some singles n shit bro.
the only thing better than a gusset, is multiple gussets.
the west indies middle order looks in *slightly* better form than the australian one. which is why they've got to play dave hussey in place of white or maxwell.
what makes you think australia can beat pakistan?  they got flogged the other day.  pakistan would certainly win, don't you think?
that's because watson has been too greedy up until the last match.  gusset jnr definitely needs to be in the team.
pakistan &amp; west indies are certainties to win their semi's matches and sri lanka will certainly win the final on sunday.


;)
dhoni said that the performance was satisfactory. i applaud ashwin for taking a stand independent of official narrative. it is a rare sight in indian cricket.

&gt;we might have won four out of five games but not qualifying is very disappointing. it’s hard to put it in perspective.
fyi - the match is being broadcast on star cricket in india, so assumably your local stations who are showing the tournament will be broadcasting this as well.
&gt;"fair skin = beautiful, dark skin = ugly." 

is this a class thing? i think in japan, tanned skin was a sign of a working class person, as they wouldn't be able to hold a parasol to guard from the sun while working. higher class ladies would have lighter skin as they didn't have to work. (i'm not sure at all about this, i read a lot but my retention is poor)

i think it's interesting too.
fanboying sara taylor pretty hard.
she's amazing. mike selvey of the guardian thinks she could play in the county championship.
please support mumbai indians in champion league t20 2012
as somebody who's never seen women's cricket - who and what should i look out for? i know one woman cricketer and she's apparently retired!!!
that would be interesting if she did. do counties explicitly forbid women players?
probably not, actually. i can't see why it would ever have been necessary to make the distinction.
play? don't you mean integrated?
i believe his exact words were that she could "improve the functionality of the group if she were integrated into the existing playing staff".
proper.
i miss henry blofeld :/

holly colvin has been really impressive, not watching this time but i saw her v. wi and she was great. really accurate.
i don't know what a natural or unnatural cricketer is. 

if you were to consider all the players who made their debut in the last 20 years (ie from 1992) - no team has produced better cricketers than australia. and their record in the period reflects it.

edit: well apparently a lot of you seem to interpret a 'natural' cricketer as somebody who's displays a lot of talent at his debut and comes from an unstructured program. well if  that's the case then maybe pakistan would win. but then we'd never know what an 'natural' australian or english cricketer looks like because of the rigor of their cricket systems. so pakistan would qualify purely on basis of having the most haphazard domestic structure in world cricket. 
i think what he means is the sheer quantity of above-average (i.e. *good* cricketers). where australia may have higher quality overall cricketers (waughs, mcgrath, warne, gilchrist, ponting, hayden to name just a few), pakistan might have a greater abundance of *good* players even though they all might not be superstars.

meh that's my attempt at figuring it out. pretty subjective statement to be honest.
the way i interpret what is a very subjective statement is this. pakistan has produced players that seem to have a natural affinity to the skills of cricket, which seemingly exist without the rigorous instituitionalised training academies of places like australia. to produce a 17yo like amir or afridi's eye at the start of his career. compare that to someone like mike hussey - undoubtably one of the best cricketers of the past decade. it appears that his skills are derived from a discipled attitude and having constantly worked on his game in the dometic competition in australia. i would expand further but i will leave it up to the thread to discuss further.
for me, natural cricketer, is one who plays good cricket without putting in gruelling hours of practice. e.g., sachin is a more natural cricketer than rahul dravid.

that way, pakistan indeed has good number of natural talents.
if haddin takes his domestic form to test, he will always have a place in the team. it's the struggle between should we give opportunity to a young gun with potential or an experienced player out of form. we are seeing that with maxy and dhussey too in the t20.
removed: owais shah is not mentioned in this article. 
fair interpretation, but my feeling is that that wouldn't be anywhere close to true either. the consensus is always that in the late 90s-early 00s, even an australia a side would be competitive and, indeed, successful against other international sides. we're talking stuart macgill, david hussey, brad hodge, martin love, etc.
ian is absolutely right in his assessment (like he always his :-) ).  
in terms of sheer raw talent produced in cricket, pakistan is way ahead of everyone else. the fact that this talent comes from a country which does not possess proper infrastructure is even more amazing. a lot of this raw talent has gone to waste due to the selection policies and internal politics.  
here a quick look at the talent produced by pakistan in the last 20 years or so.  
**batting**  
* javed miandad (arguably one of the greatest batsmen of his generation)  
* zaheer abbas  
* mohammad yousuf/yousuf youhana  
* inzamam  
* salim malik  
* saeed anwar  
* younis khan  

**all rounders**  
* imran khan  
* shahid afridi (never did justice to his talent. in terms of raw talent, he is up there)  
* shoaib malik (another guy like shahid afridi. you look at him and say he should have had a much better career than his stats say)  
* abdul razzak (look above)  

**bowlers**  
* wasim akram  
* waqar younis  
* saqlain mushtaq  
* abdul qadir  
* mushtaq ahmed  
* shoaib akhtar  
* saeed ajmal  
* mohammad asif  

every one of the guys above was a match winner on his own right. there are a lot more players who had a ton of raw talent but were never able to translate that consistently in international cricket.  in the current team, umar akmal is probably one of the most talented batsman currently in world currently.  
if only pakistan cricket board stops playing politics and keeps the best interests of players and country in mind, the pakistan cricket team can be as good as the australians in the late 90's and 2000's. 
note the word 'natural'. a lot of australian players have gone through a structured domestic cricket program, whereas the players from pakistan tend to come to international cricket playing loads and loads of street cricket i.e. raw natural talent. 
elaborate, please? 
shahid afridi himself admits that he's a far better bowler than a batsman. his position in the team is because of his bowling variety and his ability to hit the **occasional** knock. view him as a bowler who can occasionally bat, not as a batsman. it's only the crowd and commentators that have turned him into a batsman. look at his bowling statistics, he's one of the better bowlers in international cricket right now.
ah new zealand.. crap at all forms of the game as usual.
i think sri lanka would be a far bigger challenge for pakistan than australia; the sl batsmen play spin quite well. the australians' weakness (spin bowling) is a bit obvious now and who ever plays australia in the final will try and exploit it to the max.
a lot of people seem to undermine the 'raw natural talent' of some of the aussies from the 90s. i mean matty hayden and phil hughes, came from the same domestic structure but didn't turn out to have the exact same records.



it's just a hunch, not based on anything particular. this pakistani will never give up hope though!
yes. chicago dweller!
loyola, uic, nw, uofc or iit?
none of the above.  i work full time. 
not sure how you jumped from 'kp might be rejoining the england setup' to 'shah could get back in the team'.

anyway, shah's record for england isn't great. i personally would be surprised to see him in an england shirt again. that said, look at how many chances bopara has had.
you'd have thought they'd win more with all these amazing talents wouldn't you? 
&gt; pretty subjective statement to be honest.

well articulated.
i don't think shah will get back into the england setup anytime soon. he doesn't seem to be on the selector's radar at all.
what you said made me think of something, i guess its a point to ponder and would be interesting to hear the opinions of the hivemind.  

if you consider the unstructured program, board politics and such deterrents to a planned talent/team building .  wouldnt west indies come under the same umbrella ? 


 
if you read what i post on this sub reddit, you'll see i'm not a big of t20 cricket. frankly i think it's nowhere near as good as people make it out to be, when you analyse it and look at the facts.

i'm quite happy india got knocked out because their next series is a test series v england. a series that i'm really looking forward to. now that they got knocked out before the semi finals, there is time for the players to clear their heads and mentally prepare for something that actually matters: test cricket. 
he's scored odi hundreds in england, west indies, australia, india, sri lanka and bangladesh. he's scored big hundreds. he's scored hundreds when the rest were doing badly, and when the rest were doing well. he proved himself in odis a long time ago, and is starting to do the same in tests.
no official thread for semis or its just me that cant find it?
 i really can't see any reason to give ravbop any more chances at all. i bet he'll get more though.
this may have been the wake up call he needed, he has played far too often like a player with a tenured spot just because he had the most experience at the international level of being a wicket keeper. it's a bad mentality to have. personally i prefer wade, and would much prefer to see him in the team, but if haddin can earn a spot skilfully he deserves to be there
&gt;that said, look at how many chances bopara has had.


cricket 101: every team must have its own rohit sharma. 
i'd happily trade our "natural" players for a better win rate.
i think the idea is that a strong, disciplined system is able to outmatch raw talent, but that pakistan is competitive at all is down to their large number of naturally talented players.
not after what kp just tweeted about him - apparently shah's not a team man.

i'm not sure i understand what you mean. are you saying that today's australian raw talent (i.e. hughes) is hyped-up more than the 90s talent (i.e hayden) despite not achieving as much?
best of luck you guys!
[stream links](http://www.wiziwig.tv/broadcast.php?matchid=173630&amp;part=sports)
is it really worth making a match thread? i mean, i can't see anyone actually watching this game. [/s]

i think i actually may have pooed myself a little, i'm so excited about this game - i'm calling a superover before a ball is bowled.
pakistan to win? anybody?
i mean the opposite. i think because the aussies had such a great domestic structure a lot of credit was taken away from the players like hayden and symmonds and attributed to the 'system'. some of those guys were phenomenally talented as well.


do you guys think it is a good idea to replace razzaq with tanveer? i don't think it is. it is a spinning pitch. we rather have a all rounder than a bowler. 
reporter: shahid afridi kisi b match main perform nahi kar rahe last match main b perform nahi kiya .... kya is say team ka moral neechay nahi howa?
hafeez: afridi perform karain ya na karain un ka ground main hona hi hamara moraal buland kar daita hai.....

**what a bunch of bull shit**
i think they dont need tanveer no matter who they replace they just dont. 
after today, we will know once and for all, if mankind can recover from russel arnold and rameez raja in the com box together.
i really don't get what the selectors have against razzak he's performed every single time they've let him on the field. yet the poor man finds himself sitting there having to look at the uncontrolled bowling of tanveer.
i'd say so. the only game they lost was mostly due to pressure. and srl weren't tested as much in the other group.
ah right right. thanks.
jaya looks in amazing form. dammmn
anyone else getting a tennis match instead of this on the sopcast streams??
add ravi shastri and december 21st will come early this year
natural: virat kohli looks like he was born to bat.

not natural: most other batsmen
yeah there was a time when shastri was good but ipl and age have made him intolerable. 
as soon as the "dlf maximum" was a thing, he went downhill.
i think the discussion is basically a circlejerk.

" /r/cricket who do you think has the most naturally gifted cricketers? and why is it pakistan?" i am getting downvoted for simply offering an alternate opinion. *sigh* 
it's a pity they don't have a training and administrative structure worthy of the talent they have been given. 
i like the idea of making wickets more friendly for the bowlers, but a wicket this slow makes for pretty ordinary cricket.
boneheaded captaincy by hafeez. removes the slip when tanvir was beating the bat consistently.
removed: nothing in the article about "t20 claims one more victim".
jayawardene is so sexy. 
yes, sopcast links not working :(
i think sl got this partly because they are batting first on this pitch.
t20 cricket simply isn't designed with bowlers in mind, it's a batsman-orientated game. making bowling friendly pitches generally doesn't work. for spinners, tracks can have a bit of turn but in general fast bowlers don't get assistance from t20 wickets. 
not play in the champions league t20 and **could be in doubt for south africa's tour to australia in november after he sustained a double injury blow at the world t20**
lessons msd won't learn are playing out here. wickets in hand is the strategy for setting a commanding total in circumstances like the match against s.a. 
so it appears the serial downvoter is back. come at me!
well.. he is named *mahela*
[sure.](http://sportsmafia.in/category/cricket/female-cricket-team/england-female-cricket-team/holly-colvin/)
[me too.](http://sportsmafia.in/category/cricket/female-cricket-team/england-female-cricket-team/sarah-taylor/)

that aside, that puff of dust in the first over in england innings concerns a lot. 


i don't think its just a batsman's game. bowlers who are 'good' will thrive in any format. steyn &amp; finn both did well even though the wickets were slow.

its down to the organizers. wickets with pace, turn or bounce, combined with longer boundaries brings the bowlers into t20 as well.
last i heard msd didn't open for india.
i upvoted you just incase
it's the new theme for dexter this season.
"the crowd wants sixes, the crowd will get sixes" seems to be the mentality for t20 pitches. 
ajmal looks out of sorts. pitching it too short twice in his two overs.
likewise.
for the the ipl maybe. 

but the last 3 t20wc haven't exactly followed that script. (there have been no 200+ scores in  this cup for instance)
translation please.
hahah .. i just got here and immediately started laughing reading your comment... havent even got to the match yet .. lol
what exactly is dilshan's plan? 
dangnabitt !! looks like i missed out on mahela's sublime batting.
well as they say "if you're going to suck, suck hard". after the ipl he's just given his career "the full monty" and his reputation has sunk like a  "tracer bullet"
oh shit. i forgot that i was on reddit. i thought i was on facebook.

reporter: shahid afridi is not performing in any match and he also did not perform in the last match. dis it bring down team moral?

hafeez: it does not matter if afridi performs or not. him being just in the ground boosts up our moral. 
1) struggle in the middle and collect singles

3) profit
would like to agree with you, but sl probably hold a slight edge.  
so, wait - why didn't the sd downvote my earlier comment? i look really bad now. i might downvote myself so it doesn't look so bad....
he's putting pressure on other batsmen. 
if he can't up the rate he should do the decent thing and sacrifice himself for the cause.
darkly downvoting dexter?
is it just me or has hafeez been bowling a lot of delay balls a la ashwin? or is that just his usual action?
its finally happening. arnold and raja. 

make sure your fridge is nearby!
hide your boner man .. sheesh

edit: hmm someone didnt like my attempt at humor, oh well, its not the first time.
1. press a 

2. press j 

3. go to step 1

4. ???
5. profit


you are welcome.
good point. i guess also bowlers are getting much smarter about how to bowl in t20. 
damn. hafeez is turning the ball today. mendis will be dangerous today. 
in summary afridi is in the team as a cheerleader.
dilshan 28(37) ... so what did i miss ?
apropos this conversation, you should check out the third over of new zealand's innings [here](http://www.guardian.co.uk/sport/2012/oct/04/england-new-zealand-women-world-twenty20)
any reason why that was umar gul's first over?  are pakistan keeping him up their sleeve for the death, or is there something else?
yea .. unusual... as an ajmal fan, not liking it.
afridi's batting will deliver today. [/s]
india's not the man united of cricket. man united actually wins matches away from home. 
rreally ..hafeez is a mc ;-)
gul is bowling really well. good captaincy to retain him for the end overs. gamble paid off.
all the lucky breaks are going sl way. shit.
sl need to get to 140+ to have something to defend .. and it is looking like they wont get there.
him and ajmal normally do that. they've been doing it longer than ashwin.
i am listening to it on my headphones at work. it sounds awesome directly streamed into my ears.
sarah taylor. charlotte edwards. sophie devine.
gul lost the match for pak by taking dilshan out.
mc ?
the big revelation for me was greenway. easily one of the best fielders i've seen!
if you have res, that is. i'm forced- *literally*- to use ie at work. bastards.
england women are a better team relative to their opposition than england men have ever been. 
madharchod.. trying to be subtle. maybe too subtle.

was trying to be funny.
he works in mysterious ways.
ah .. :) gotcha.
i know a rad-fem who thinks that it's demeaning to propose that x woman is "good enough" to play in a men's team. i didn't bother mentioning the astounding biological differences re: strength and endurance. 
what about kevin pietersen, in that case? please note: i am not comparing him in terms of achievement or legacy to sachin or dravid. he has a kind of explosive talent that you'd imagine would just be natural, however, he puts in a tremendous amount of practice and hard work too.
perrera just hit 3 boundaries in 4 balls.
whoof !! that was a whack by perera 
that is an awesome picture
he forgot it was t20.
140 target, not that hard. please pakistan batsmen, don't collapse or anything like that :@
i imagine that most sportwomen would know they were onto a loser if segregation in sport was abolished. i'm a feminist myself but to expect the average female athlete to compete with men as a matter of course is ridiculous, purely based on physical attributes. there's no reason why in terms of technique men should be better (other than the discrepancy in development funding).
i hope pakistan bats sensibly and win's this..i want both pakistan and australia in the final. 
yea .. well, it might end up costing them 
i think i've found the team i want to support.
si senor
pakistan imho should be able to get it with some sensible batting.  but then again, pakistan has been known to self destruct and that in itself makes them a compelling team to watch.
gul used the excuse of wet ball for a bad last over. stop the presses !!!
this is the most pinpointed answer in this thread. the raw talent is there; the domestic cultivation of that talent is lacking. pakistan would do wonders if they could assemble a more coherent training structure.
true. this total will test pakistani batting on this pitch :/
:(
cricket is a combination of both, and men clearly have an advantage due to their physical attributes. 


about technique, did you watch the game today? most of the runs were scored through mid-wicket. lack of pace on the ball (even spin bowling) = different field setting. again, boils down to physical attributes, but the point is this: their "technique" is dictated by the nature of the game, which is absolutely different from men's cricket. 


p.s. strategies may remain the same (score runs, take wickets, accelerate rr, etc) but the nature of the game varies.
the pitch and need to keep wickets in hand.
death bowling specialist
you jinxed him @!%$$#?!
damn, how do you pronounce her last name?
you think so ? :) .. i dont know , with the likes of jamshed, akmals and not to forget shoaib malik (i feel he doesnt get much love for his batting).  they do have the talent.  

should watch out for malinga tho.  


bottom line, its going to be interesting.
lol, true, they do have talent. but they just perform once in a while. most of them are failed openers collected in this team. 

just for instance, check their averages. check kamran akmal's twenty20i or even for this worldcup. and then compare that to any no. 4 in top team. or any top six batsman :(

same goes for malik. nazir is hit or miss. hafeez has been poor against main teams. the top six are miserable except for jamshed or umar.
having just watched the last few overs, and listening to his interview afterwards, i figured that was the case.  thanks for the confirmation though!

on a lighter note, i always have a chuckle to myself whenever i hear gul's name mentioned, as it always reminds of [gul dukat](http://i.imgur.com/mos73.jpg) from "star trek: deep space nine".  not sure how he'd go with a cricket ball in his hand though!
eeeee, he is very simple and likable guy, complete oposite of gul dukat. that reminds me was it sg: sg1 where they used to have ga'ol.


fun fact: his last name gul means a flower.
true, i feel for razzaq :-(
switched to [test match sofa](http://www.testmatchsofa.com/). they just mocked geoffrey boycott. it was awesome.
i didn't watch, unfortunately, but i've seen your points iterated before and noticed the difference in pace in the limited amount i've been able to watch. i think you could say it's analogous to tennis in terms of the difference in skills.
:/
i can't remember the last time i was happy hafeez was batting. 
7 dot balls. fuck.
after dilshan tried to outdo hafeez's innings against india, hafeez shows him who's boss.
fuck. somebody needs to tell the pakistani team they should either score and get out, or not score and not get out. dont fucking not score and get out.
lol
picard.jpg

what the fuck is hafeez doing?!?!
rameez raja begging for a not out from third umpire.
take fucking singles at least. asking rate is just 7 an over. not 9 an over :/
malinga showing "keystone cops"-esque competence out in the field today
pakistan doesn't seem to understand the importance of singles :@
hey wait .. i didnt include umar gul in the batting talent department.  how silly of me :)
come on pakistan: you can do it

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vz2hcrl4wsk
plumb 
we need replacement refries in cricket too.
i know right? she might as well be sri lankan...
there goes our number four batsman. 
so here's the thing .. hindsight is 20/20 rameez is being a bit harsh on tucker on the lbw , given the fact that neither of them doubted the decision in real time.. and quite frankly it looked plumb.

edit: i am sure i am going to see a few downvotes here, but thats my opinion.
how do sri lankan bowlers always manage to pick up multiple wickets in one over?
pitched outside leg stump and lbw. gotta love umpiring incompetency to complement our batting incompetency. 
i see what you were saying about the pitch now .. 
after watching that replay, i will just show myself out.

yea .. sorry bro
i am not sure why pitching outside leg is automatically not out. that ball if the leg wasn't in front would have definately hit the stump.
you are right, raja was showing some bad commentary there, hes got more and more problems staying neutral these days
there goes malik too. and i am way to sad to be proven right. down to number six. only gul can save us. 
umar akmal .. needs to knock it around a bit and get used to the pitch ... exactly opposite of what his brother did.
my prediction: afridi of old comes out and blasts pakistan into the final.

either that or he holes out on 11
its one aspect of lbw rules which has made less sense to me over the years. i suppose its in place to prevent negative bowling (ie pitching outside leg repeatedly)
well .. i guess,  dem be the rules 
malinga having a bad  day in the field i must say
he won't get dropped till sharma does 
i think there's too much pressure on him. ~~he hasn't bowled yet and will probably bowl 3 out of the last 5.~~
yea .. and evidently wasim is too.  just a few mins ago he was blaming the pitch '....not a semi final pitch..' he wants it to be a batting paradise ? come on wasim, i respect you dont make me loose it.
serial downvoter is on the loose.
dont despair .. hafeez is playing a captains knock.. u still have the  cheerleader to come. :)
phew ! just as i said it, hafeez hit that lofted six and he almost got out.. i was certain you would have killed me through the interweb.
he already bowled 2 overs.
oops. seem to have missed that.
he has to be mature today. it's his big stage. or i would guess even lala wouldn't be forgiven if he fails today. 
looks like the drop is hurting srl 
will pcb blame bcci for not agreeing for drs in this tournament.
nah .. no one really doubted that one until the replay.  come back in :) .. here have a cookie.
whats that ? :)
hahah .. furiousfapmaster ... you are too tense, u know what to do to relax.  
looking quite grim now..
well guys afridi is in .. do not take a break
wtf !! this is ridiculous !! 
andddd pakistani batting has self-destructed. it was a good game up until now. all we'll see from here on is wickets falling. congrats sri lanka.
didn't even take that long
afridi in afridi out
you were saying ? and who's lala ?
 just saw the ball that got afridi out. holy shit, that was a beautiful delivery. 
shahid afridi b herath 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) sr: 0.00 
= game over
god dammit i fucking hate him
you were right !
the guldozer !! haha, naseer i love it !!
boom boom who?
aaaaaaaaaargh pakistan, y u no bat?
i still reckon there's a game on here. both tanvir and gul can hit a few 6's
naseer: its not all over yet , only 40 to get.

dont we all agree ?
lala is afridi's nickname. it means big brother in where he come  from. 
imagine razzaq was playing :/
yay game over!
i don't think i've ever taken so much satisfaction from someone getting out on the first ball...best moment of the game. sri lanka deserves it fo sho
ah .. i see :) .. thnx for the enlightenment.
32 from 18 = everybody on the fences, keep it full and give em singles?
umar the-match-winner gul is here. last hope for pak
great. so we're stuck with him forever.
that was run out. i am calling it

i reckon this is out
or just keep stumping em, i guess  
that works too
wow so much dirt on the pitch..  
aaand leave...  
aaand block...  
who's he winning the match for here? :s
gul can consider himself lucky here.
commentary is worse. wish there are better commentators. 
i feel the same anger towards afridi the limited overs batsman as i did towards nohit sharma the"test batsman"
match over..
:) malinga bowling penultimate over. srl have edge.

good to see a close match and that too a semi-final.

damn, now he bowls a wide
man so many hot pakistani girls! 
down, boy.
oh well ... pakistan don't have anyone else but themselves to blame.
well played sl.
fuck yes! sri lanka, my second home nation, in the final. ahemahem...
sri lanka bowled out of their skins in the last 10 overs. can't blame pak. they just got outplayed.
fun fact: gul means generous in dutch
tanvir &lt; razzaq. but great game by srilanka. last over of gul was the decider of the whole game.
heh, want to bet? wait, watch, and learn...
hmm .. i guess i will now :)
eeesh, once again the team i backed loses. i'm keeping my flair neutral from now on. i don't think it's coincidence that england's test form nosedived at around the same time i subscribed to /r/cricjet.
you don't say..
nice shot, great shot  
posterized and tweaked could be a new team / league logo
this seems to be an appropriate cricket version of [this meme](http://i.imgur.com/2ynnn.jpg)
yea ..  well .. its my masters talking.  master of the obvious i.e. :)
respect for the pakistan skipper. when ramiz asked him about the pitch advantage and the slow pitch, he immediately denied it. the fact may be true but commentators shouldn't be biased.

again, hats off to hafeez. you're a great team with enormous talent. but pressure is your worst enemy in the end of the day.
yea good on him. pak are great competitors and uncertain when playing against sl, just wasnt their day today. 

it was anyone's game up until 17th over. 
you can become natural with lots of hard practice
if at least nassar hussain wasn't their, i'd have mute the tv. russel, raja and i realized today that even wasim are so biased.

anyway pakistan fans are great and their girls are really beautiful. i'll miss them.
umm... 'tay-lor ? ;)  
  
...[or this?](http://www.pronouncenames.com/pronounce/satterthwaite)
wasim is ok. i don't mind 'biased' commentators. these guys played for their countries, i expect them to feel passionate about their teams.

rameez and russell are just boring and inept.
yea some of those girls are hot. 
i wonder what dhoni would say in a situation like this. i like pakistan team (not just because they are talented) and the crowd. &lt;3 from sri lanka.
satterthwaite. that's a great website, thank you.
toss didn't play any role because the pakistan bowlers restricted srilankans to a decent chaseable total. guess the pitch didn't change too much over the course of 40 overs. pakistan batsmen are to be blamed and excellent call by sl thinktank to include herath. so yeah honest answer.
he would blame it on the dew
&gt;i wonder what dhoni would say in a situation like this.


nothing. he could always send someone else to avoid the embarrassment.
people who are annoyed by cheerleaders, i'd like to ask "aren't you annoyed more by malinga's butter fingers here and there in the field?"

i am. he bowls really well (often) but this is international cricket, fumble bee.
right.. getting panic stricken pakistani batsmen out when there was no dew brings out all the trash talkers out i guess.

classy !!!
please try to keep your submissions in english.
i need the picture of nic cage to go along with this.

here you go..
https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctyh93kw2yvrffl3kouarwos3fxmaeeghcqhzqpbulyb_b9r0sueg
i'm amazed to see that anyone didn't notice umpire rod tucker gently wiping something out of simon taufel's face while waiting for a 3rd umpire's decision.

love birds! so romantic! oh cricket!
great job sri lanka, hopefully we will correct our mistakes, there were a few things dat didnt happen, but i dnt like counting everything that we didnt do. we will be cheering you in the finals like we did in the 1996 world cup!
so he was acting like a captain should always act?
the tweet said - "back home after so many days.. can't wait to join the chennai super kings for cl.."

seriously, raina, what's with the random capitalization? bad grammar!!
does anyone have the link to this? the feed in canada cut to soccer before the post game presentation :(
sir/madam, salutations!  if you find extended discussions of lexical curiosities tiresome, trite, or troublesome, i cordially invite you  post-haste to discover new territories for your protestations, of which there are multitudes on the internet, and then you need not furrow your brow further trying to comprehend polysyllabic vocabulary.
[special picture for rahulthewall](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=431490503552737&amp;set=pb.226520244049765.-2207520000.1349209647)



he would have blamed the dust on the pitch for all we know. 
machung seriously...why did they have to cut the feed... was that bloody soccer game so important, that stadium was emply
[this belongs here.](http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/content/image/585582.html)

great game and thrilling watch. sri lanka and pakistan were neck and neck at several points and in the end didn't take the loss in poor spirit. 

i like him, and no offence but one of the more articulate captains from the recent bunch.
that is it. afridi needs to go. he has been terrible during this tournament. he has slowly on a decline
what a great piece! "mahela, with his open smile, looks like someone you would trust with your taxes. kumar, with his hollywood curls, looks like someone you wouldn't trust with your sister." haha, love that!
yes. a rarity these days. cricket is no longer 'a gentleman's game' like it once was. even the kiwis, once well known for their sportsman spirit, tend to turn ugly nowadays when under pressure.
damn these onions...
he did get outplayed, first when gul went for 16 in his last over (which coincidentally is the margin of victory) and then after nasir jamshed got out when we experienced our typical batting collapse chasing what was a modest total
*be still my heart...*
10-4
a country like australia produces cricketers through discipline and sheer tenacity. pakistan however, has a cricketing culture that is just as much about having fun as it is winning. you live to play the game, to bowl that perfect yorker, to hit that sublime cover drive. style is preferred over substance. there is a boyish cavalier attitude in our players, and it is exemplified in people like afridi and umar akmal, you want to win sure, but not without enjoying the game.
you can't explain that, you just can't
we would have won the match if we had kept razzaq instead of tanvir, he knows how to bowl and bat during death overs
lame website - content must be user generated. 'th' in 'the' and 'th' in 'earth' are not pronounced the same ffs.
i'd like a better win rate as well, but i think it'd almost be boring to have a team of very orthodox players.
he's a good captain imo.
can someone tell me what it means for "a match to be decided by the toss"
hey!  i'm a total and utter noob, but i think i'll have a crack at this!  basically, it means that the pitch was such that whoever batted first had a huge advantage.  sl won the toss, elected to bat first.

amirite? amirite? *looks around*
you are correct! 
to be honest kohli works extremely hard, 3-4 years ago i didn't think much of him, rohit sharma was much better. 
please try to keep submissions in english.
his bowling is decent. should stay for bowling. 

bah he was the worlds best 20/20 bowler over the last few years... i mean, his batting has never been great (apart from the odd 100 runs in 30 balls) but give him a little credit for his bowling.
i've got a question: obviously, men can get away with taking a knock or two to the chest from fast bowlers without any lasting damage. how do women, with their slightly more, er, tender midriffs avoid injury? 
razzaq is also a batsman and we lost the game by the bat, not the ball
it means when it is obvious that the pitch, or conditions, will either drastically increase (become way better for batting/bowling) or decrease (become way worse for batting/bowling) in the second innings, which means that the team who wins the toss has a significant advantage coming into the game. it doesn't even necessarily need to involve the conditions - for example, if there is a ground where teams who have batted first have won 90% of the time or something, it's obvious that the captain who would win the toss would bat first and would back himself to win regardless of whatever total his side posts up, solely because statistics say that he will/should win.

this applied heavily tonight and applies very often, for example, in games in bangladesh, where the dew factor plays a major role in the second innings for the bowlers, making the ball very tough to grip (and also slows/speeds up the outfield significantly or something, not sure). just ask graeme swann or watch videos of him from the england-bangladesh game in the world cup last year ;)
afridi was always a bowler, his freak of a century gave everyone misimpression of him being a batsman.
if it wasn't for tanvir dilshan would have scored many runs, sl would have scored 160. 
this. he has never been an international quality batsman. his leg breaks, on the other hand, are international quality. bat him at 8; he may come up with some ridiculous innings occasionally, but don't bank on it.
no.

if anything, pietersen coming back removes the one tiny chance shah had of coming back into the side. there's only one spot for a 30-something middle order batsman, and kp won't be giving that one up.
afridi is done imo. he is old and washed up. i reckon although he was a great bowler and destructive batsman, he should either retire or play some domestic. but to be honest, i don't think he will make a comeback.
india played england in a full length series in england after which england toured india for 5 odis. this series was called unnecessary by many in the cricketing world(even dravid during the bradman oration). after this tour,india toured australia for a test series. they toured the windies after that. as far as playing sub continent teams is concerned,we dint want to play pakistan(mainly because of the mumbai attack),which makes slvindia the only interesting contest. also,the reason for touring sl this yr was for match practice before the wc. we played nz after that. therefore,your argument is flawed.
the rain makes the outfield quick. it also makes the ball wet making it hard to grip and difficult to take catches-this happens for every ball. also,when the ball becomes wet,it becomes soft quickly making it easy to clear the boundary. if it rains before any of the teams take to the field,then that's fair. otherwise,the outfield might be quick for one team and not as much for the other.
that's a joke right? if you watched the recent indiavsengland match,you will notice him siding a little with england.
baller. anyone have a video of this?
good to hear from him. at the end of the day, the better spin side won essentially. although pakistan batting did collapse like it does, the lankans had more to do with it than the batsmen themselves.
wasim analyzes fast bowling so well, i've never seen him be wrong. no one else comes close to analyzing fast bowling during commentary on the same depth level as him
i think most good pakistani batsman do put in a lot of time in the game, honing their technique. as far as batsmen go, raw natural talent seems to be evenly distributed across all the cricketing nations. think amla, gayle, kevin o'brien, shane watson, umar akmal, jesse ryder, angelo matthews, kevin pieterson, shakib etc. every team has one or two of these.

for bowling, pakistan is indeed in a different league. the lack of cricketing structure probably encourages unorthodoxy and they all seem to have a certain x-factor about them.
he would have blamed your mom for all we know.
wright thompson is such a great journalist. he does more to bridge the gap between cricket and the united states than any twenty20 series in florida. 
translation : "they exited two days later (than us). in a shameless way. bye bye pakistan"
he's a quality bowler. why? 
is ganguly that good? wow, i really want to hear him commentate now.
that is just childish and just not cricket.
think he should be considered a specialist spinner then, and compete with other spinners for a position in the team -- rather than an all rounder at that batting position.

another jamshed and the men in green will have a solid middle order to fall on. bring back mishab.
every team now needs social media policies.
just nix it from the poms.
he did delete it almost instantly. so its possible it was somebody else or just him, *really* drunk?


he has blamed it on his nephew. check his latest tweets.
'shameless'? or shameful?
the number of 'natural cricketers' who get visibility in pakistan is higher than any other country. but i would also blame it on the substandard infrastructure in the subcontinent. when the institutions are not in place, there is every chance that natural cricketers get ahead much more frequently than those who get in from the set-up. 
it's more so the sri lankan board persisting for these series. sri lankan board is in a financial crunch and needs these bilaterals to get out of red. but i agree india-sri lanka matches irritate me like none other. 
virat turning into sachin as he plays good as sachin... but india loses despite his performance!!!
or his pr guys saw it...
could be the case. since he did delete his tweet and put out a formal apology, i don't think it should be an issue.

i'd also love to know who his pr agency is because if they were working for him at 11 pm in the night - they're earning that retainer fee!!!

edit : the apology https://twitter.com/imraina/status/254105948472344577
half done, eh?
thanks op, great piece.
his wicket taking ability probably hasn't been as good in the last 2 years (especially if you compare to ajmal) but his economy rate is still around 4.5 in odis and 6.5 in t20s and that's still pretty good. i'd still pick him in the side unless someone else (perhaps raza hasan) can do better. 
with one of [these](http://www.cricketdirect.co.uk/catalogue/cricket-protection/chest-guards), perhaps?
kohli scored 70- something. 
try rebel sport for aussie jerseys
was that a more useful contribution than the bowlers though? could we have seriously have won the game had we not bowled out pak for 129?
yes i do agree though, but only because kohli was just doing the ordinary and didn't really put up something we haven't seen from him before. yuvraj or ashwin could have gotten the award.

if man of the match is for a match winning performance, then yes kohli deserves it, if it is for an impressive individual performance then one of the bowlers could have it. let's be honest, our bowlers aren't the most reliable. sometimes i wonder why zak is in the t20 squad
what a tool.
yeah it was probably his nephew, didn't look like his usual typing style and raina is not a rowdy man
check out shaquana quintyne - the 16 year old leg-break bowler. she just took a wicket.


[here's how this tiny thing looks](http://www.espncricinfo.com/inline/content/image/583379.html?alt=1)
they really should crunch the stats to measure the frequency of a batsman getting 40(30) and bowler getting 3/25. i am pretty sure the latter will be lower. and that should then get the mom.

zak is pretty much the only wicket taking fast bowler we have right now. i think he plays because there isn't anyone who's capable of filling that role.
is lisa sthalekar *desi*? why have i never seen (edit: her in) *chak de india* montages on hindi news channels!!!
oh, marathi to the core. look at that surname. if they haven't aired it, they probably don't know it yet.
hmm yes, i think either one of us should take up fast bowling. what do you think?
/u/xaret and i will be going to [the famous three kings](http://www.beerintheevening.com/pubs/s/95/956/famous_3_kings_f3k_/west_kensington), anybody in the area is more than welcome to join us.
the literal translation is actually 'shameless'. 'bey-sharam' translates to someone without 'sharam' or shame. 
agreed. any team would love to have him for his bowling variety. afridi himself says that he is a far better bowler than batsman. it's only the commentators that have turned him into a batsman.
i used to bowl 'fastish' in school. which basically means i would keep running in, bowling longhops, while my friends would whack me for 6's at will!!
what makes you think he isn't already played in the team as a spinner? he comes in at number 7 and **in every single match** bowls his full quota. not even gul does that
supporting windies in both the semifinals today! go go go! 
i feel sorry for his nephew if he (the nephew) did it. the poor kid must have got the scolding (and beating probably) of his life. assuming that the nephew is a little kid. 
i might be up for that, but i'm behind on lectures and el classico is on. 
i too need to see if there's a video. chris gayle and jeevan mendis do this great.
but umar gul can bat, so you know, it's all topsy turvy.
t20s are definitely a batsmen centric format. odis can be won by an excellent stint of bowling or by the all-rounders in the middle of the order. the bowling is often overlooked by 1 player who scores at a decent strike rate. 
now several freak centuries which have led to that impression.

he does have the ability, but i find these sorts of innings come on those rare days when he decides he's got to get his eye in first. most of the time, i don't know whether he's deluded or overcompensating or impatient or just the most nervous player who ever existed, but on any given day, he is the greatest threat to his own success.
zurich, anyone? :p
anyone in delhi want to catch up a champions league game at underdoggs?
el clasico is four times per year dude. the opportunity to drink with me occurs much less than that! 
anyone in oklahoma, usa? ***crickets***
i actually think in t20 bowlers should be given 5 overs max. i think it would give individual bowlers more chance to have and influence as well as encourage the selection of specialist bowlers and less of the part time bowlers / sloggers that are so uninteresting to watch.would give a better contest between bat and ball which is sorely missing in t20 cricket.
i like to see india lose at t20 because they dictate where "cricket" goes at the moment and hopefully that will mean less t20 and more actual cricket in the future.
i'm ready for another watson-gayle showdown.
the internet is around there i think
how about just in general online? 
and people wonder why we don't like their cricket team. 


i have nothing against indians personally. but this is just douche baggerry if i saw any. 
not sure if aus will mind chasing. the pitch has been playing slow but they've batted second in every game they've played
actually i see a lot of similarities. both started out averaging around 60 and then had to come to grips with reality. if the book was closed on hayden at the age of 23, i think you could safely say that hughes has done a lot better. 
groundhog day.
who are you neutrals supporting? i'm going for wi because i always love the underdog :)
reckon narine and the husseys will play a bigger role.
australia. they're fierce champions.
aussies, just to see another sl vs aus finals.....
ugh, watching channel 9, tim gilbert again...

streams had their advantage.
i actually gave it some thought yesterday after his terrible showing.


i may be wrong, but i think he was picked by wasim (when he was captain) as a leggie. then he whacked a 100 in the first few odi's he played and i can imagine it must have been thrilling, given that he probably came down the order when the chips were down and took blitzed the opposing team. and a star was born.

look he's scored 5 100's in tests, scoring a test century is not a fluke let alone 5, so yes he is a true all rounder. but the last century he scored in one days was in jun 2012, [had to look this up](http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/player/42639.html?class=2;template=results;type=batting;view=innings) so his batting skills are waning.

he can get into most international teams on the merritt of his bowling alone imho, but i think as talented as pakistan is in this department, lately it 'might' be costing some one else a chance. 

i really think, the dilemma for pakistan is not that.  the dilemma is he is larger than life, a crowd puller, in a team where none other come to mind (ajmal is a great bowler, but i am not sure if he is a crowd puller just my opinion maybe wrong).  so keeping him out becomes a problem.  and unfortunately the he is not looked as just a bowler, they play him as an all rounder, and in recent times , it means you are playing with one less bat, and someone else at the top of the order has to deliver.  and yes, cricket needs personalities , makes it much more fun to watch.  when you are not from that country.

 
i was, and still am critical of his selection in poor form, but i certainly wouldnt want to be in hafeez's shoes when it came to this decision.  he should be considering afridi as a bowler and bring in another batsman , but that means another pure bowler has to sit out.. and there in lies the rub.

peace....
you guys are lucky you have /r/cricjet redditors near you!
i am an indian fan and i like raina .. but this is in very poor taste. what a feckin moron  and a sore loser !  i am almost certain he had some blood in his alcohol, but that doesnt change anything. 

edit; wrote this before i read the comment about how it was his nephew.
i'm rooting for the west indies because of their anthem/theme song.
?
i'm excited to watch badree - never seen him before. anyway, good luck to both sides, should be a good game hopefully.
get watson early and westindies are the favourites for the finals spot
yay baby .. bring it !!
nah, we have a backup gusset this time.
hey guys .. which one is a wi flair ? i am not going to pretend to be a neutral here.  :)
aus zealand of course!
i think i got it !
i agree but anything around 150 will be a tricky chase given the last few matches.
this one.
i assumed you were jinxing pak and west indies?
thnx ...
ah, ;)

1/3 done
i'd like to see a big-total game, for a change.
i am going for wi .. because i always love wi
haha .. nice !
lets give him a nickname .. badass badree ?
what ? warner and hussey dont get any love ?
damn its hard rooting for the bowling side when chris gayle is around. he is intimidating!
is [this](http://redribbon.org/about/) why samuels is sporting a red ribbon ? 
weren't the english women team members caught with windies players and were escorted out by colombo police? private tutoring by mr. chris gangnam gayle??
i'm near washington dc, i'll be right over!
4 overs gone and gayle has faced only six deliveries. 
these crowds have been awful to be honest... its a semi-final game and the stadium isnt full at all, you can hear the echoes 
gayle 4 singles from 6 balls. i'm getting a real 'calm before the storm' kinda vibe here...
and the constant buzzing of the awful brass band. like a mosquito around your ears.
i see some clouds
you are tempting me. if i do come, it's for the banter and not the cricket. i shall definitely consider it. 
as soon as i saw this, i knew it wasn't raina. can you 
all stop judging him?

 he is one of the nicest guys in the team. as we now know, it was his nephew. 
samuels chips right in. guilty by association.
you called it...
and every time the second team bats, "under pressure" plays about every 5 minutes.
mother of god and all her crazy nieces...
and how right you were ..
gayle is so cool...
he is the ultimate rasta...
in case anyone wants to see the six david lloyd hit off murali that menjrekar mentioned

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpmpdj4atm0&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=71s
samuels ... sweet !!
we're looking at 160-180 here 
i for one am glad hogg came back ... hes got game !
he had some blood in his alcohol?!
nice ball, we badly needed a wicket
ugh .. samuels was going so well.
did cummins break middle stump there? what a comeback ball.
cunning slower ball, out of nowhere, like the whole game was a set up for it. not one of those rubbish "i'm going to bowl 4 slower balls an over just to shit you"
yea .. thats what we say when we get drunk around here, typically every weekend :)
like all the srilankan **fast** bowlers do ;-)
fake twitter account or easily hackable twitter accounts are becoming the bane of all pr personnel. first it was the kp saga and now this.. glad raina came out immediately to deny it. 
great catch by the policeman.
perhaps the one advantage of channel 9 not showing the other games live, the lack of gilbert.
commentators need to get off gayle's dick; we all know he's good.  
richie richardson didn't get a lot of credit or fame when he was playing. he was surrounded by superstars.
get him on! says bumble.
they need to find another all rounder to replace afridi. finding such a playe r isn't easy. till then pakistan has to play him.
finally a 4 from chris gayle. slow coach!!!
seems like the calm before the gayle.
gayle certain to get his half ton at this rate :/
stream : http://www.justin.tv/ffffffrabbit

password: redditcricket
windies all the way, my default team after india. love these guys. 
thanks! this is great for anyone wanting to view on ios devices. just download the justin tv app, i'm pretty sure there is one, or maybe opening this link will work through the web browser?
:(
wallop! hahaha
gusset.

his name is gusset. not hussey.



maaaaan all these new kids in ~~/r/cricket~~ /r/cricjet.... get off my lawn!
ah, i think he deserves at least a handy after this game
/r/cricjet*

psht.. jeez man get with it
"because fuck you, i'm chris gayle"
sheeeetz, sorry.

fixed.
kieran pollard, the west indies' richard levi.
i am enjoying watching chris gayle but don't you think running between the wickets has been mind boggling pathetic?
wouldnt hafeez be called an allrounder ? he's a pretty good bowler, do agree he's a better bat than a bowl.
oh thank you, kind redditor
nerf gayle
hahahah ... but its soooo hard 
watchespn is still going to be the best if your internet provider subscribes to it.
who is the other commentator besides bumble? i hear only bumble talking
i think that's only for the us. one could use hotspot shield, but i cbf haha
i think i'll have to agree with you on that.
now i understand the meaning of 000000 and ffffff after reading white rabbit. !
sounds like ian bishop
wi because they need the win. cricket has been slow there in the past decade and i hope for a revival.
yes, that is him. thanks.
now both the gussets have missed one spectacularly.

this does not bode well...
so err, why are they called gussets? did i miss something? lol
the more bumble the better!
wallop
that was absolutely atrocious from doherty, put him on the plane home.
george bailey's last game for australia in any format.
last year when ind toured aus someone here typed hussey on his phone which was auto corrected to gusset

r/cricket ran with it
unchaseable now, wi v sri lanka final

had to get gayle out early and they didnt
facepalm.jpg
guess what .. now they cant just play narine out and will have to go at him. makes him that much more dangerous
huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge!
him and the whole team methinks
our bowlers really need a kick up the arse. shocking.
love it

hey .. when is the match beginning ? is this a highlight reel ?
motherfucking carnage. take a bow.
pollard you fucking beast
205! way to go windies, way to go. i want you guys in the final, don't you dare mess it up now. 
not working now :(
his stupid smile annoys me, especially when the score is 205 off 20 overs.
holy dog!
"hey they should save xavier doherty for the last over" said no one fucking ever
yep, hotspot shield and the like probably won't work, since watchespn requires a valid internet login rather than just being location based.

i'm just so happy espn (in the us) gives a damn about cricket... they're even showing the final on tv on espn2! yeah, it's delayed and on against nfl football, but it is very easy to avoid hearing results of a cricket match in the us. (it is live online though.)
i thought they would get something around 150 ... boy was i wrong !! 
65 run partnership off 25 balls. that'll do nicely.

edit: aussie spinners went 8-0-91-1

that was always going to be their weakness
how sad, at least he is showing enthusiasm
what makes you think that?
lol i see
ah poor x!
there is watson too , dear watson. 
this shit cray, so happy i stayed up to watch this!
thanks for the explanation. gusset it is from now on for me too.
we both were a little off on that one :)
my word. that was some serious pain for the aussies. game over.
xd for last over. brilliant call right there by mr. bailey.
australia doesn't deserve to win now. 19 extras, doherty bowling the last over, at least 3 misfields...
http://i.imgur.com/sohy8.gif
yeah that's pretty cool! in australia it's on t.v but i don't have t.v in my room so yeah, just streaming it.
i totally agreee, they are showing the final on tv ?  did not know that ! going to check this out.  thnx much !!
hahaha, amazing choice from bailey. i nearly fell off my chair laughing when doherty came on to bowl. 
:)
say that again. :)
you guys can still pull this off. have a heart. 
wi, because we should have a new champion. and man they have swag.
nobody yet? ellyse perry is hot!!
this was the innings everyone knew that this wi lineup was perfectly capable of, but had been struggling to find up until now. managed to play very well and time it too. poor effort from australia though - looked disorganised with the ball and in the field, and not bailey's best night as captain.

looking forward to the sl v wi final now i guess..
i'm all alone in wi, usa.

all the cricketers in america are around the west coast/silicon valley area.
you got your wish. 
:p

he got his revenge on me for last time
&gt;the word "boundary" once signified a barrier. in cricket it was an accomplishment to go past it....



*harsha bhogle*
oh man, i still remember the 96 semi-final. i thought we would get them home, but australia sneaked through. richie shall have his vengeance today. 
nobody yet? ellyse perry is hot!!
so which was the 'group of death' again? 2 more runs from nz and they could have been playing the finals on sunday!!!!
yep, sunday on espn2 at 1et. that makes it tape delayed by a few hours. but watchespn will show it live online. i wonder if they'll use the espn caribbean studio hosts like they have for the online broadcasts. i also wonder if they'll attempt to explain cricket to people who have never seen it, which is a great majority of americans. 

but i cannot think of the last time a cricket match was on us tv, not counting specialty pay cricket channels on directv and dish network.
espn2 sun 10/7 1pm-4pm edt 
now waiting for watson to go apeshit on windies bowlers.
:d, i hope i'll get my revenge when you guys tour us. 
yea .. me neither , i have poured enough $$'s on speciality cricket channels :) , thnx for informing me, pretty stoked !
can't join you there, i absolutely loathe him. horrible attitude. 
yea what was all that about ?
w00t w00t, great start by windies!
what!!!!!!!!!!! warner!!!
david warner gone !! thats a big blow, great talent.  
yeah, he's a dick. but he's been in sublime form lately.
signs are looking very bad for aus.  wi looking good in the field.
australian fans are asking themselves if it's cowardly to pray for rain.
it is working ... i am watching my stream in other room
"here, doherty , have a go at it", said bailey to doherty . it is a statement that will go down in history with a lot of other regretted statements. “how many indians could there be?” said by general custer. “looks like a good day for a drive!” by jfk. “there! america on-line now has complete usenet access!” by some idiot system tech.
i'm nowhere near as funny and interesting in person, if that helps...wait...
i have faith in the gussets.
how will rain help?
hrmn
technically if the game is rained out the side which won the previous encounter proceeds. dem's the rules!
wohoooooooooo! m. gusset gone! 
... bet you said mike gusset's going to score a century, didn't you?
get the 5 overs in then. 
why couldn't that have happened when wi edged it?
that would have to happen in the next 9 balls then
you may be right .. but i wouldnt put money on it yet.
nostradamus ? :)
haha ..i know man .. i have learnt to tune him out , but every now and then i will catch a gem ... and giggle like a little girl.
that's it, game over
the big one gone
and there goes watson, mwahahahahahaha! 
watto's gone! wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
badass badree !!!
game over!
oh god, it'd be great if this was a humiliating defeat for the aussies. 80 all out me reckons
and shane watson is out.
http://i.imgur.com/oenpn.gif
and there goes the match for australia.
i sure hope so. 
one of the hussey's is gone and the fight might be over for all practical purposes, before narine comes to bowl!
you think they will get that many?
what's he in there for?

he can't bowl, he can't bat. so he's there for captaincy only.

most important game of his career and gets doherty to bowl the last over at gayle. 

i haven't played since under 12s and i know that was the absolute worst choice. hogg had an over to go, ffs.

he's batting now, needs a ton to save himself.
warner,hussey,watson gone ... whos the next big wicket ? dave hussey ? serious question.
cameron white &gt; dave hussey
every now and then i like some bailey's in my coffee... ok ok, thats terrible.

i am hoping for someone to stand up and bat for a bit and try to make a match of this.
&gt;he's batting now, needs a ton to save himself.

which, incidentally, would be 40 runs *less* than his career total in this format. highest score? 42.
this is a rout. this is a going to be a bloody rout. 
and gone
oh man, that is an embarrassing way to get out. poor white. 
the way they are dropping like flies, you might be right on the money. 4 down now
:(
how about now ?  white was unlucky i think.
good lord, this is a massacre. 
5 dowwwwnnnnnn
where do i go and dance? 
time for bed i think, 2nd gusset gone
good luck getting to the 100 now.
its hard to type with one hand.
ramdin has a gold chain with the om sign. descendants of sub continent immigrants are carrying the tradition of west indian cricket. good the see.
no.. david hussey's was embarrassing.

wi are totally out-playing aus in every area
i should just shut up
ok, gayle vs malinga - who will prevail?
commiserations, friend.
omfg i hate cricket
message from a deluded indian fan to australia - "karma is a bitch". 
glenn maxwell just threw his tv *through the window  
  
edit omg speeling to urly nead kofi
i don't think i want to watch the rest of this game.
i feel the same feels bro. i'm grinning like an idiot here
i think the umpire needs to count the number of wi players on the field, i am sure there must be 30 of them out there.
malinga
pakistan collapse in the first semi .. aussies collapse in the second.... what a friggin let down.
:d
gayle can pick up a few tips from his bangalore team mate - kohli. malinga would be taken over of then. 
this is unbelievable. this is going to be a humiliating exit by australia. 
missed it, but the way the men's game is going i think i might go hunting for a replay of this one.  
  
great win for the girls - congrats to 'em
this is getting ridiculous
oh well, now time to throw my support behind the women's final instead.  come on ellyse!
don't disrespect mighty india! superpower!
you sound like an indian fan :p
pakistan was in the game till the 18th over. this game was over in the first over of australian batting. 
yikes looks like aus won't cross 67 (lowest score in a t20i)
england women are (relatively) the best cricjet team in the world right now.
good news is we won that one  
  
bad news is it happened hours ago.
and of course, the really bad news is that nobody cares ... :(
woohoo! 50 up
cheeky and passive-aggressive. sri lankan fan? 



edit: who's stepping in as skipper for the finals?
not his day ... actually not aussies day at all.
is cummins number 8? how is he with the bat?


oh wait, scoreboard fail ... now i've jinxed it!  
  
edit phew
brain - gayle ofcourse, he is a monster.

heart - slinga's gonna create some magic.

penis - hey, why are you wasting time speculating about sunday's match instead of fiddling with me?
aw shucks :d

edit: arjuna. 
:)
if you beat us....some day somebody else will beat you!!! buahahahahaha ^(or something like that)
right now?  looking better than warner, wade and d gusset.
i guess i'm a hypocrite. i didn't enjoy england's huge victory over aghanistan but i'm experiencing little frissons of pleasure every time i look at the scorecard here.
overly ambitious.
dunno, he hasn't had to bat yet this tourn
haha!

nah man, pakistan didn't collapse. they gave a decent fight. 
i said .. collapse fow 2-55,3-57,4-64 and 5-91,6-91 
vengeance is mine....(cough)    *by proxy*(cough)     
he got a full size one last christmas
too right. that shit's unacceptable.
didn't you know that whenever srilankan team loses the whole country (like for eg: wc 2011) parties it up like it is nobody's business. 

whoever be the captain, match referee better make sure the captain doesn't get to change the call after losing the coin toss. 
they did fight, i'll give them that. , way better than what we've seen from the aussies in this match.
it's australia. you are pardoned. 
it's okay if it's a terribly forced cliché.
just a game it was wi's day. imagine gayle getting out in the first over. calm down!
on the brighter side at least bailey is pulling his own weight. 
blood in the alcohol. love it.. fantastic.
at least it's an opportunity for captain wotsisname to prove himself.
complacence by windies or a spartan resistance 'by' oz lower order?

edit: i accidentally a word. fixed
whoa, calm down. i was just joking about the situation. noone's ever taken it seriously before. 
he is actually a good batsman.
ha! i don't know about it being wi's day. they've been the better all around team for the better part of the day. 
gussets in the dugout: ohhh thats how you field balls coming at you one bounce at the boundary line.
looks like wotsisname has decided he wants to win!
comment removed.
this one of those "only 90s kids will get this" moments. one round of schadenfreude, for every one tonight! 
jesus gayle. what the actual fuck.
nice 50 bailey.  if you're going to go down with the ship, you may as well go down swinging.
except running between the wickets.
bring russel back.
bailey is going hammer and tongs

would you like throwing the kitchen sink instead.
yea .. he's playing a blinder .. trying to make ammends.
bailey outscoring gayle now! 
no apologies necessary, thanks for the lesson. 

i will try, that's all i can promise. again, like i said, it's just a figure of speech with no political or negative connotations associated with it. 
gb's living on a swing and a prayer

ninja edit: all hail me and my luck changing comment
o captain my captain
baily gone, time for me to go to bed, g'nite all.  well played wi
much more respectable score now.
how packed is this pub likely to be? if it's not too busy i might bring some work with me 
nowkiss.jpg

look at you two. ahhhhh
ah bails u good good man. at least u played like it was possible. others just gave up.

it's still atrocious but it's so much more fun to defend george bailey's place in the side now.
ohyou.jpg
a lot less packed now that australia look like they're going out. if me or xaret get there a bit early we can nab a table.
is it just me or is dharamsena also enjoying this a lot?
he can stay but not as the captain, so that he can be atleast drop-able for the balance of the team. guesset for the captain! 
i care! i'd be terribly, terribly disappointed if australia were to win.
best seat in the house
i bet she is at least 10kph faster than all the indian fast bowlers ;-)


can xav redeem himself at all?
if doherty could score runs as well as he can leak them oz would still have a shot.
in all seriousness i hope the aussie selectors don't overreact with doherty. 

he got whacked by gayle and pollard. overall - he seems like a good spinner for odis and t20s
49 off 18 - if he could last that long - would still leave us needing 30 off the last over (or the other 6 balls, at least)  
  
soo... yeah, mathematically still possible ;)
he is playing spin better than the entire english team.
and the fat lady singeth
well played wi, now onto the finals. go wi!
gangnam style dancing taking over the cricketing world.
where is underdoggs? 
welp, my only hope now is that wi thrash sl worse than they did us.
oppan gangnam style
it'll be a good contest. sl bowlers are no joke. i am cheering for both team. both are good and strong teams. i do belive wi have slight edge now though.
ambience mall, vasant kunj.
bjs are so 90s - he needs to be rimmed after that.
gayle has thrown the gauntlet ! :) 
i didnt know about her until her pic came up in this subreddit.  posted a vid.. mighty easy on the eyes huh ?

http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/10ztws/ellyse_perrys_quest_in_the_proud_tradition_of/


we have fast bowlers ?
wait .. what did i miss ?
inappropriate jokes. all sorted now.
otay ..
she was bowling incutters at about 125 kph so as fast as pathan and probably more lethal.

also a good fielder!
apparently she's also represented aus at the football world cup! 
honestly i do think one of the main reasons doherty plays internationals at all is because he does bowl yorkers and change-ups. so he's there as a defensive bowler, someone who can bowl tight and execute the sorts of unusual plans that are often needed. 

and there is something to be made of his struggle. not even being able to land the ball half the time during the final over really weakens the argument to play him over any other spinner, spin bowling all-rounder or even a seamer.

however, starc bowled the previous over for 17 and he was easily the best bowler. there was really no guarantee, at least not given the team on the day. they needed to have the wickets down earlier than that. as a result, all options offered risk. they'd already made 180 by that stage; even if the over wasn't bowled at all, it was a substantial target.
"[hindus are like that only](http://www.indiancricketfans.com/showthread.php?t=203760)"..[maybe all indians](http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2011/04/04/afridi-indians-have-smaller-hearts-than-pakistanis/)...rings a bell?
cheering for both teams?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpaqpyu_qim
let's hope stuart broad never, ever tries it.
is lyon not considered a t20 spinner?
someone get us a video
after 29 years, west indies are favourites and make it to a world title final. and we thought the time between our victories in world cup 1992 and world twenty20 2009 was lengthy.
as a pakistani, same here man! after pakistan, definitely west indies!
not the team members. just random british women.
i've been doing it wrong.
nice work. not seen that one before. thought the "glass smashing" effect was taking it a bit far until i saw the state of the car...

*obligatory waaallllop*
i want to see shane watson try it.
he's a class player and it's good for the game as i don't see many near his calibre coming through.
finally a decent comment! people are saying he should leave cricket but i do believe, he still has 2-3 years of cricket left in him.
venkatesh prasad.
op op op op op op oppa gaylenam style!
holy shit. i just got home from school and i am speechless. aus got their ass whopped big time. i am going to be supporting wi for the finals
am i the only one that wants a slow motion clip of her entire run up + delivery?
i want to hear from the australians. aiyo, how's it feel?
it crowd! i finally recognized a gif. 
oh dear god, did the west indies of 25 years ago suddenly make a comeback???
[ask and ye shall receive.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dnjdfkcwt4)
atta boy. gotta love the wi team.
re-assess the hairstyle while you're at it.
so raina claims he tweeted "back home after so many days blah blah" and then two minutes later his nephew tweeted the "besharam pakistan" thing... yeah ok. i have no problem with him talking a little trash, it's natural, but don't blame your nephew. be a man and own up to it.
fucking commentators have no clue even though the song is playing in the background.
ba dum tish...
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbdvs9wunf1qza6y2.gif
as m wade always says .... " awww yeeee good bowling doey"
they certainly know. they just chose to not mention it ouvertly. the presenter in star cricket's cricket extra was trying to poke kp, wasim and dada into doing gangnam style right in the studio. 
it looked like the on-field (or in-stadium) commentators had no clue.  i didn't catch the star's extra.  that would be funny seeing dada doing gangnam style ;)
windies smashed australia!
sorry, i wasn't here for the game, i was at the bar watching. but, fuck me, windies taught those aussies a full on lesson.
wallop!
the studio is set up in colombo and the commentators cycle through, so they certainly know. 
*just because we cannot beat you, doesn't mean that you cannot be beat."*
windies. since the 80's, always had a soft spot for them.
because, galye. ya knah meeeean?
hypocrite.
rampaul did the bis though, didn't he?
harbhajan singh has 2 test centuries, glispe has a double hundred. does that make them a batsman. 

afridi has always been a bowler who can bat a bit he just gave wrong impression to everyone after his 1st innings. 
she used to play in my local club in the national football league before they gave her an ultimatum to either quit cricket or find another another club.
anyone know where i could watch highlights? thanks.
it doesn't seem thick enough... does anyone know any lady cricketers we could ask? 
he's been one of our best odi batsman of late.

he led our side to the semis and in this match scored more than the rest of the team combined.
indeed, we really need this. when last have we lifted any trophy?
i would not like those people either. but, i tried to follow the links in article, they were dead end. then, saw the whole 13 minutes of video you linked, and i could find where tanvir said that. 


were we not against down voting in this sub-reddit?
i'm cool with it, i love psy

or did you mean the cricket
actually they made it to the final in the champion's trophy not too long ago and they actually won it 
if he was australian he would have blamed his mother.
i'm already tired of this
dude

edit: nevermind i hadnt seen the video yet hahaha
he sees the light !!
retire already, for god's sake. why didn't he just retire* after the wc final?

*odis only


she now plays for sydney fc apparently.
yeah, great innings. he scored twice as much as the final over of west indies innings.
ahh jskefet. the amount of times i've got this in response to futile attempts to drag people to games here...
[no way! its funny because its west indies. and they're dancing! to a song which is totally underplayed right now](http://imgur.com/momej)
if you don't agree with akram, don't downvote the post.

anyway, i thought the pitch was good enough to provide us with a fantastic game. we didn't know who the winner would be until the last 2 overs. also, it's the same pitch the sri lankans played on. but yeah, jamshed's wicket was huge. i thought the drs is used in icc tournaments, but isn't it used for t20s?
i know a girl who met him in nz af years ago, she also met the rest of the team and had dinner with everyone, and she said raina was the nicest person of the group.
yeah man, just like shane watson and the 70 he got last game. he should probably be dropped too, right?
"look at the way he fringes the ring..."
sour grapes aside, he's made some good points.
in some ways, its better that way. atleast he didn't waste a whole over before going out anyway. but still, quite a poor batting performance. they lost their cool, and there was so much wild swinging, i thought a blind man with parkinson's could have done better
i don't get it. help?
&gt; i don't get it. help?

is essentially how some people feel watching cricket.
nope, no t20 matches at all.
i don't even know any male cricketers.
valid point about factors contributing to the defeat ...shades of dhoni, except he isnt being villified.
how awesome would it be if the stadium actually looked like that?
because he isn't the captain. dhoni is being vilified wrongly too. in fact i have to say, the kind of bull shit dhoni gets from the press, he should be throwing feces at them when in press conferences.
are you retarded?
i'm serious. res shows i've upvoted you heaps in the past, but this makes no sense. why do you single out bailey here? he did way better than the rest of our team in this game, and didn't have any spectacular failures before then.
he batted us to victory against south africa in south africa. so he can bat a bit!
hands up for shanghai?
except he is in the team only to captain - make decisions - and his decision making is deplorable. one innings does not make a captain. watson won, what? 4 man of the match awards in succession and you think bailey can compare to that? wake up.
looks like akram's taking cues from dhoni.

they've got enough spinners to do crazy things on a pitch like that, yet they couldn't. mahela and the guys did some smart batting coupled with excellent mix of pace and spin and it payed off. 

people just need to relax with pitch excuses. when pakistan lost wickets or matches at the oval or the gabba why doesn't he say the same?

pak lost because they tried to slog every ball, and the fact that they couldn't play smart cricket.
i'd say his decision-making (outside of doherty's last over of course) has been excellent - even go so far as to say that, after watson's form, it's been the second-most important reason we even got to the semis. he's our 4th highest-run scorer, after our top order. that means he's ahead of white, d. hussey, maxwell, wade. he's tied 3rd for most catches in the tournament.

not only that, he only batted twice in this tournament. that's a return of one 50 from two innings. both times he's batted, his strike rate has been the best in the innings. in the other, his 15 was the second-highest score in the side. sure, that's a lousy score, but the point is he is performing more strongly than the majority of the side. and yet you single him out for *one* captaining discrepancy.
it's an experiment that clearly did not work. time to move on. 20 twenty is about momentum. bailey does not seem to understand that. watson is the sole reason we made the semis, not bailey's captaincy. 
that's fair enough.

sorry i brought it up by the way - you didn't ask for a debate. i try not to let myself argue with people on the internet but reddit makes it very easy.
the main thing is, all of us watching it knew what was going to happen. it was like a slow moving car crash. i guess we have been spoilt a bit by really decisive captains, but that game was simply going through the motions. we let the game be dictated to us, in a way that isn't usual for australian cricket teams. 


he has only 49 odi centuries. he will score one more and then retire. when is the next series against bangladesh?
cricjet...
oh god, this is now a thing...

i know now not to drink and internet.
it was a great match, but akram is right. the pitch was shit, and the outfield was just as bad. 

the premadasa stadium is one of the biggest in sri lanka, and we had the honour to host a t20 world cup... but are too stingy to maintain and upkeep it. shame
i dunno about you, but no matter how wasted i am, i still try to make sure my grammar and spelling are impeccable. 
i agree. that was a very poor pitch for such an important game - just rolled mud.
[careful now](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/sep/21/gangnam-style-danceoff-shootout-bangkok)
they should have done this with a womanizer like azhar or shastri.
i don't even do that sober. and i might just point out that "dunno" is hardly grammatically impeccable! 
dhoni's six is still haunting you eh..

let it go.. think positive thoughts.


he isn't.
it's not going to be light on people.
i really should have noticed this thread earlier.
bump for justice. would be good to see a few more cricketphiles out and about. mainly so that it doesn't just turn into a glorified mandate with me and op.
also, good to see every comment in the thread being downvoted ;d
i like this idea of men's and women's cricket coming a bit closer together. i think at the toss of the sl/pak semi-final, mahela said he had been watching the ladies play, and made his judgement based on how the pitch performed in their game. 

i remember at the last world twenty20 final, when australia had already lost the game, they stayed in the stadium to watch the women play their game at new zealand. it was awesome seeing michael clarke, all the way from the dressing room, get animated about the field placements. 

women's cricket may never rise to the level of prominence as the men's, but little things like these help. 
haha, good point. might i point out that i'm not wasted right now, therefore i'm not trying to make sure my grammar is impeccable ;)
coolio. 
touché.
glorious. 
so criticizing playing conditions is like making excuses now?

also go and reread dhoni's statements before vilifying him.  all he said was due to lack of grip, his bowlers were unable to bowl on the right spot.  so stating the obvious is making up excuses?

&gt;when the ball gets wet there is not much there for the spinners. all the spinners that we had, whether it was three [specialist] spinners or the part-timers, all of them didn't bowl well. either they bowled a few short-pitched deliveries or full tosses which meant that there was no real grip for them and that was the main reason we were not able to put pressure on the australians. 

[source](http://www.espncricinfo.com/icc-world-twenty20-2012/content/story/584510.html)


west indies! love sl, but i really wanna see wi win this one
the fact that my comment is the first in this thread probably says enough about the man. there's not much to say, he's an extraordinary umpire.
you can criticize playing conditions all you want...the conditions weren't harsh. pakistani players are humans as much as sri lankans, so sl players didnt have some immortal advantage. 

mahela and the boys adjusted to the conditions and won.
you what's haunting?

that stupid ass chevrolet cruze commercial and the rest of those weak ass indian commercials playing over and over during the wc.

remember guys...icc can't use drs if india doesn't want it(..or know how to use it). 

the rest of the world wants drs!
correct me if i am wrong but morgan's bat is still in the crease when gayle begins his delivery stride (back foot lands), therefore morgan shouldn't of been warned and was backing up legitimately? or does the ball have to be delivered first before the batter can back up?
my understanding was always that if you left your crease when the bowler still had the ball in his hand you could be legitimately run out, although it's frowned upon for the bowler to actually do it. i seem to remember hick (?) doing this once and accidentally knocking the bails off. the batsman wasn't amused.

edit: [wikipedia knows all](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/run_out#running_out_a_batsman_.22backing_up.22)

edit 2: reading the wiki and watching the video again i think you're right. gayle has clearly entered his delivery stride so even if he had knocked the bails off morgan should have been given not out.
to be honest, i really don't think pakistan is ready for hosting international matches yet. maybe in a few years, but any foreign cricket team is too big of a target.
i agree. but good man gayle, good man.
hah, indian haters are miserably failing.
i'm confused by your comment, but, yea, taufel is the man.
legend. 

i grew up with richie's commentary and i honestly believe i would not have such a deep, ingrained love of cricket now if it weren't for this man.

he was such a good commentator that it was easy to forget just how good a player he was. his analysis was always spot on, and even though he was a master he was still a self-professed master of the game.

the 2005 ashes series was his last series commentating on english tv, and he's still missed today, but it was an incredible series for him to finish his english broadcasting career with, and you could tell that he was loving the contest right to the end. amazing guy. happy birthday richie! 
why don't you ask the sri lankan and other boards (who you think are being bullied by bcci) to grow a pair first.  most of your comments have something to do with india.  no sure if it's the bcci.  i am not a big fan of bcci either, but screw your bigotry. 

drs comes with a big price, and the broadcasters don't want to cover the costs.  
i suppose my point is that it's so obvious that he's a great umpire that it needn't be said.
you are absolutely correct. morgan was doing the smart thing, watching till gayle entered his delivery stride and then taking off. 

i can understand indian team being a target, but why would they target sri lanka or any other foreign cricket team?
the aim of the extremists is destabilising pakistan so they're not very choosy about where the foreigners are from.
no wonder they call him 'the wall': she was incredibly pretty.
seen it plenty of times, but its still hilarious.
indiatv would do it 
i think the lbw decision was not as critical. there is some level of human error in cricket games and you can't attribute pakistan's loss to a marginal error.

the pitch was really substandard though. the curator apparently realized it and has made amends for the remaining 2 games. in future, i think the icc should really hammer down on host nations for preparing bad pitches in big tournaments. that's the only way to get this to stop happening.


32-0 from 4 overs, great start so far for australia.
well played by jess cameron, a very entertaining knock.  

australia 120-3. 4 overs to go.
i want west indies to win but i have a feeling sri lanka will win.  
at*
west indies! love sl, but i really wanna see wi win this one
sl win by 7 wickets.

wi will bat first, lose gayle for ~10 (caught behind kulasekera) and the innings will never take off from there. jayawardene and dilshan will make a solid start with sangakkara guiding them home.

you heard it here.
west indies all the way. by 34 runs.
building up to be a great match. our best two batsmen in right now.
update: damn. 
psa: the tropicana advert that sky insist on constantly showing is starting to become more odious than the go compare advert. at least the go compare one is aware that it's annoying, the tropicana one is painfully smug. also the orange grower has a body shape that must surely be prosthetic. he literally has no neck. and all his features are too big, he's like a human caricature. and it's so yellow and sunny that the second you look away from the television you instantly become suicidally depressed at how drab and grey everything is. 
perry vs taylor now.
so far, greenway has played a forward defensive and everything else has been a sweep variation. the morgan of women.
/r/adporn 
i love how little they appeal in womens game. 
west indies winning by 14 runs.
also, cleaner bowling actions, and spot on with catching and fielding.
oh i nearly forgot my own prediction! wi will either win by 2 wickets or 14 runs.
kingsgrove sports website. 
i like your confidence
one suspects it's a hangover from hockey and hurling respectively.
that reaction from sammy could make a nice gif.
12 runs off 5 balls. i'm with you, english ladies.
6 to win off the last ball. still with england.
yeah well if my fantasy cricket team is anything to go by, i'm not gonna be confident for very long :p
as an australian, i approve of this update :)

it was a great game, england was still in it with 3 balls to go!
sri lanka win by 4 wickets 
***jatinsapru***:

&gt;&amp;#91;2012/10/07&amp;#93;&amp;#91;12:09:39&amp;#93;

&gt;[&amp;#91;translate&amp;#93;](http://translate.google.com/#auto|auto|you just cannot miss this... @kevinpp24 grooving  to #gangnam comin up on cricket extra.. http://t.co/uqgmxdjp 'google translate this tweet'): you just cannot miss this... [*@kevinpp24*](https://twitter.com/kevinpp24 'twitter user profile') grooving  to [*&amp;#35;gangnam*](https://twitter.com/search/%23gangnam 'twitter tag search') comin up on cricket extra.. [*i.imgur.com*](http://i.imgur.com/akkva.jpg 'url unshortened via longurlplease.com, images rehosted by imgur.com')

[&amp;#91;this comment was posted by a bot&amp;#93;&amp;#91;faq&amp;#93;](http://www.reddit.com/r/tweet_poster/faq 'tweet_poster')[&amp;#91;did i get it wrong?&amp;#93;](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweet_poster&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=[oops!](http://reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/1132ks\)%0d%0dplease leave the subject and this link unaltered, but feel free to add a description here. 'report an error')

&amp;#91;automated edit&amp;#93;:

it looks like i erroneously commented 1 extra times.  i deleted those comments thanks to [*ravanpao*](/user/ravanpao 'thank you for the error report!')!
indian hockey team toured pakistan few months ago.
the afridi bashing continues. i think it was also you who created the thread "shahid afridi must go". do people not realize that afridi is played in the team as a bowler. he even admits himself that he's a far better bowler than a batsman. he got selected for the team as a bowler at the age of 16 when he hit the fastest century. in every single match this t20 he has bowled his full bowling quota; the only other bowler to do so for pakistan is saeed ajmal. view him as a bowler who can hit a once in a blue-moon knock.

i wonder what ganguly has to say for his bowling. something for which shahid afridi is actually played and for which he has a superb record. 
vienna?

sri lanka. if sl bats first 150/6; wi 120-ish
if wi bats first : 135; sl 136/4 in 18
i think the point is that everyone knows that he is a better batsman than that and if only he would apply himself more, try to bat better, ha can be a tremendous all-rounder but there is a great lack of him even trying to bat better.
any sopcast links?
dananjaya in for herath. 
sri lanka will win by 6 wickets 
pitch report from russel arnold, this night can only get better!
**/r/chrisgaylegonewild** 
10/10 for making me believe it was legit.
"dancing in the aisles" = chug in my t20 drinking game. i better stock up!!
no, no, ian bishop. not some, but every indian fan *i* know supports west indies. our journalists and cricket analysts are raising a toast to caribbean glory days.
[.](https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/269057_10151268182093140_299177199_n.jpg)
so who will win? leave your suggestion down below
ian bishop also says that many of the pakistanis and indians are supporting the windies today!
win. win. win.
actually that line could be used for almost any sporting event. i have "he's hit it straight into the 4" for when wasim akram is commentating.
my prediction copy-pasted from the predictions thread:

&gt;sl win by 7 wickets.
wi will bat first, lose gayle for ~10 (caught behind kulasekera) and the innings will never take off from there. jayawardene and dilshan will make a solid start with sangakkara guiding them home.


wi to bat - 1 from 1, baby!
and lo! downvoting dexter is amidst us.
true on my part, at least
come at me downvoting dexter!!!!!!!
i love the west indies song. **rally around the west indies.**
if gayle plays like he did in the semi, will he take player of the tournament over watson? he definitely is the most exciting batsmen in cricket at the moment.
sri lanka have the longest national anthem ever...
i think if either gayle or jayawardene score today, they'll get the player of the tournament. watson was good but missed out on in the last 2 games &amp; they usually tend to give these things to a finalist.
i ordered pizza, filled my water bottle and fed my cat during the lankan anthem.
i think the mustard yellow uniform looks so much better than what the men's team is wearing now. hopefully, we've seen the last of that.
i think watson should take that award despite gayle or jayawardene but that is unlikely to happen.
haha.
i agree but the juries seem like bandwagoners a lot of times. mahela/gayle are more popular among the analysts than watto.
facepalm.jpg
not exactly a dream start by the windies
and one down for no score! 
yeah, winning teams usually take the awards.
ok.. now can i braid your beard ?
obviously didn't open the last post.
question for sl followers - why did it take so long for mahela to get the captaincy? if i recall, they gave it to dilshan first. did jaya not want it?
boobs?
iirc mahela was captain in the 07 world cup. he stepped down for sanga who stepped down after the 11 world cup. dilshan had a shocking start, so they switched to mahela pretty quickly
so close to being 2 out of 2
what a start for sri lanka. 1/1 after 2 overs!
comeon man .. why you be like that ?
cricket
wow looks like windies used up all their ammo against australia. this is a shocking start
the truth hurts, my friend ;)
ah ok, thanks.
2/1 after 3 overs, niggas be cray
took 10 legal deliveries for wi to get a run off the bat! great bowling by matthews and kula. matthews especially, as he is stop gap for malinga to bowl with an "older" ball
sure ... i'll have a couple.
is it me or is there a limited amount of times that cricketers can do this dance before it starts to get boring 
well ... i hope you are wrong mister ! :)
i'm watching for gayle and his figures are 0(8)
it's good for sl that the seamers are not going for much.
not at the moment, it's definitely sri lanka.
go team!
does he braid your beard?
true. great tactics early on by the home team. 

are they playing a test match?
way early to make predictions imho ..the fat lady has not even begun to clear her throat.
probably a timeless test 
oh yeh, i agree, but look at that run rate!
am i the only one who thinks gayle ki phati padi hai?

i mean, he seems scared.
plan from wi is to hang around for some time to get a feel of the wicket. i don't think they expected to hang around so long.
gone

good luck wi, you're gonna need it from here on in.
eternal optimist here .. only way to go is up :)
gone~!~!~~~~~ gayle gone!!!!!!!!!!11
even if the west indies go absolutely ballistic from here on, they'd get about 150. fair to say, they've mucked this up.

edit: and more.
sri lanka wins by 7 wickets!
papare!!!!
damn .. this gentle breeze is gone.
terrible innings from gayle, he didn't even go down fighting. west indies all look hungover.
~~hugely disappointing.~~

fuck that, this is awesome.  
=| why did gayle have to go early :s

that makes me a sad panda
the lankans didn't make it easy for him...
this has been *fantastic* bowling from sri lanka. mediocre batting effort, but damn, sl have been absolutely spot-on. mathews and mendis especially.
tricky arak, eh?
what about the fielding? malinga's effort in the outfield was beyond expectations
have never seen so many sri lankans on reddit like ever! go lions!
west indies almost at the halfway point, and they only have 22.
that's why i said 'fighting' and not 'savage smashing spree'. he wasn't trying to maneuver the ball at all, was painful to watch.
this is how i imagine a sri lanka vs zimbabwe final would be like.
another arnold gem .. when dhananjaya was fielding.  "theres the 19 yo .. the pressure not getting to him " 
halfway through their innings, the west indies have just 32 on the board.
meh. i can't even bother watching this. an insipid end to an insipid tournament.

edit:wow, west indies! way to prove me wrong!!!
links are down in sweden! anyone got another stream?
it's the battle of sri lanka's mystery bowlers and west indies' mysterious batting.
kulasekara , dropped another catch in a world cup final !!! but i hope this drop won't hurt us :(
wi better get a move on
yes .. and its really nothing new ... as far as i know wi cricket has always been endearing to the indians.

edit: doesnt sir viv have a love child in india ?
yeah man it's been 11 overs already, and just 38?
i am liking this dhananjaya kid.  
nah, it's been fun. we've had some good games. 
is malinga's over where wi start accelerating?
is marlon the man?
sri lankans have dropped rangana herath. and i thought only i knew that herath performs only against pakistan!
yes, with neena gupta.
i'll look for them, but since there is amazing amount of traffic today, the streams are not doing so well. i'm watching it on the tele here.
pollard has had an extremely underwhelming career. time to make up?

edit: nope, just made a tit of himself again.
as an indian if i have one thing against south asian cricket fans, is that they dont appreciate good cricket from the opposing team as much.  the sheer lack of appreciation for samuels 6ers is a case in point.
yes .. that rings a bell !
oh samuel :swoons:
maybe the pitch was made for srilanka by sri lankan's ....haha. 
samuels is really trying hard and playing out of his skin. i like this kid. he's not all slog but looks to be a good batsman.
yea, the last shot was very smart. he realized if he tried to hit all the way, the length of the ball will only allow it to reach to the fielder, so he just chipped it. what a calender year he's having.
is the original mendis back :o

i remember when he wrecked teams in his first 20 or so matches and then sort of vanished
with this performance, maybe mendis in with a good chance for pott? this must put him at highest wicket-taker, surely.
a sweep off the first ball ? wtf ?
they are not picking mendis at all.. all he is doing is bowling straight balls, and the windies are missing them. 
hatrick anyone?
why are the wiziwig streams so laggy?

arnold vs bishop in the commentary box, things getting heated.
listening to test match sofa, what happened?
swedish tv is called the pirate bay!

here's one i found, if anyone else has the same problem:

http://live.livet20worldcup.com/2012/10/channel-2.html
just when you think windies got a second wind, mendis strikes again. this seems like a cakewalk for the lankans so far. 
"welcome folks to today's t20 final marlon samuels vs sri lanka..."
holllllllllllllllllllllllllllllyyyy shit dat six!!!!

awwww had to end.
son of a bitch, that 6 was huge. this is really marlon samuels vs. sri lanka. 

edit: **so much for that!**
new streams in the thread descriptions

**streams: |[wiziwig](http://www.wiziwig.tv/broadcast.php?matchid=173632&amp;part=sports)| |[sport4tv](http://streaming.tvembed.eu/view_channel/33657-469-0-/sri-lanka-vs-west-indies-t20-final.html)| |[sport4tv_2](http://streaming.tvembed.eu/view_channel/33660-469-0-/sri-lanka-vs-west-indies-t20-final.html)|**
and there goes that.
i predicted in the other thread that sri lanka would win by 4 wickets. hopefully i'm right 
hardly had the bytes streamed in ... :)
108 metres, damn!!
too much traffic. more than they're servers can handle.
take a bow samuels !! what an innings !!
jinxed it! :)
omg!! :o sooooo many advertisements.
ha ha haha ah ahahah ahaha*hahahah***hahahaha**hahahahahaha***hahahaha***^***hahahaha***^***hahahahaha***^hahah^hahahahaha^***hahaha***
was that jayawardene fielding in the outfield?
played, sammy.
105 off last 10 overs at 10.50 rpo. ^yess!
that's a hell of a good recovery and finish from the west indies. 
i think it's pretty crazy that wi got anywhere near a defendable total. well done to both the sam's.
hold on to your hats folks, 137 is competitive. the fat lady is no where to be seen
would like to see replay of bat crossing the crease again.
^yess!
^^^^^yess!
^^^^^^yess!
downvote dexter disagrees without explanation.
sure!
his performances in the tests against england were stellar, also. i think it would be really great if he has turned the corner and becomes a world-class batsman for the second half of his career.
damn you !!! :)
pretty good recovery. 32/2 from the first 10 overs, 105/4 from the second.
confident much? :-)
key wicket for sl .. mahela.
i hope not. he picked 6 of them against zimbabwe and was very ordinary in a couple of games.
badass badree !!
wattaball! dilshan gone~
now this match has gotten *interesting*...
come on windies, give these lankans a run for their money. a perfect delivery by rampaul to start proceedings. 
ripper rampaul jaffa !!
derkht odumbe doro di ho **weed** bosniwawa ***carribean*** lara croft **high** chris gayle **hangdu logark?**

edukhtu: ^^^^^^^yess!
hmm.. if that catch would have been taken  wi would hv been the fav's
hehe, it's gone now! seems they are red hot on deleting the, um, *alternative* streams today.
we all would! :p
tense time this... sri lanka needs to take the singles and make it without much loss of wickets till about the 15th over.

*spelling edit
narine turning up the heat on the lankans!
windies bowling really well. do we have a contest here?
yeah, for sure. it's great that i can see it on my tele.
does anyone else think that the outfield is pretty crappy for an international venue ?
espn star wtf is error code 502. give me my cricket
yea .. that would be nice :)
pollards buckets pouches another one!
gone, sanga gone. good shit.
for my money .. mahela is the best bat sl has ever produced.  
fuck !! my dog just farted something **foul**
bowled!! 

damn, the crowd has gone really quiet.
a little bit of drizzle. windies ahead on duckworth-lewis.
was tony greig sleeping ? "was it on legstump ? .... oh no he's bowled him .. it was on legstump " no .. no .. no .. wake the fuck up tony !
west indies has got to be the only team in the world that plays with their jewelry on.  
please .. no rain !! lets have a full game 
russel !!!
this is getting pants-shittingly tight.
yeaaaaaaaahhhh baby! sl talk na.
jayawardene gone! game over for sl
sl have a strong lower middle order, but this is not going to be easy for them. mahela was a massive wicket.
guess not huh ? :)
run-out appeal. looked out to me. could be the fifth wicket. 


edit: and it is. mendis gone. sl 5 down.
lanka don't mess this one up... keep a steady head
oh dear.
sl collapsing!!
too late, i think. i don't see how sl can take it back from here.
seems that kulasekara has dropped the world cup twice now. damn shame!
one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us one of us 
even this over can't help going: "wow!"

w 0 w
mahela jayawardene gone! huge wicket in the context of this 2012 twenty20 championship!
thirmanne is a pretty good bat isnt he ?
just came back to the tv to.check the score. wtf!!! west indies!!!!
wow! direct hit. 6 down. cheers to that.
direct hit, this is fucking brilliant. 
yeah viv talk nah!

brilliant fielding by ramdin, stepping up.
i feel for the sri lankan fans in the ground. they've gone absolutely silent.  another final, and their team doesn't quite deliver.
seriously, i go to put my clothes in the dryer, i come back to find sl has lost two more wickets, and now a third one. what in fucks name is happening here?
two freaking run outs!
sorry, but i think this is over.
i normally take any opportunity to criticise t20 but despite the fact that i'm only able to follow from cricinfo, this match seems like it's been awesome 
samuels is saying dont throw it, let them take the singe ramdine is having none of that. get out the way damn it.
sl need an umar gul inning right now.
like aus top three are gone and there goes sl.
yes sri lanka! please make more sluggish and muddy pitches the next time you host a tournament.
god damn, the look on the sl player's faces in the dug out. i was pulling for the windies to win but you have to feel for those guys, another final, another loss.
today, i won't mind gangnam.
it's a much better match than i thought it would be than at half time.
take a bow, marlon samuels.

the more everybody else struggles, the more impressive your innings looks. nobody else has look even half as comfortable as he did.
well, well , well
this innings is definition of panic.
tony greig's having a mini-stroke?
so that's working out...shockingly well for you!
i was rooting for sl after windies' innings. it seemed like a clear cut victory for them. and then everything went to shit somehow too quick. 
oh yes, taking back my words. 
cameramen, please don't show crowd's despondent faces, it breaks my heart and ruins my celebratory mood.
200
agreed.
hell yea !!!
i want to hear russel now ...
seriously, that guy has played the innings of his life here. 
i mute the commentary earlier because of him, now its on full volume.
&gt;a wi win may be the most popular tournament win since sl won the world cup in 96.


- @bigfatphoenix
haha .. yep, thats kinda what i was alluding to.
oh ffs, rampaul, don't give up now.
it's not just the losing, it's the fact that they're pretty much collapsing, and to make it worse it's at home in front of their own fans, that has to really hurt.
rubbish bowling from rampaul.
okay... what.is.going.on.here? what the fuck is going on here?
rampaul .. comeon man !!
kulasekara is thinking of umar gul.
hey .. the crowd is still there , i didnt hear anything from them for 30 mins now.
rampaul!!!

wat r u doing??


rampaul!!!!


stahp!
kulasekara is the sri lankan umar gul
what the hell???
wtf!!!
rampaul man, don't do this. 
bring back narine
this match has more twists and turns than the drive from colombo to nuwara eliya
perfect timing for this. lol. 
sammy heard ya!
lol what a topsy turvy match. someone please bring order.
sl can still do it .. me thinks.

edit: yep .. no kidding sherlock !
sometimes ravi rampaul becomes a complete foolish in these depth overs. i remember him losing a match for t&amp;t against nsw in the clt20 when he conceded 20-24 runs in the last over and tied a certain win for t&amp;t. then bowled the super over and conceded still many against henriques. you can't trust this guy in the depth.
and down it goes again...
awww... was fun while it lasted.
most unpredictable match ever!!
i have never heard bishy being so excited !! hhaha .. badree badree badreeeeee!!!
good jink bro. :)
oh well, good effort from kulasekara...
he thought badree would drop it. he's not the eatest of fielders.
getting a little bit carried away, aren't we?
malinga can hit too.
malinga, do you have anything up your arm guard?
hmm . he said that before the ball got to his hand ..
oye! why does marlon samuels look like a boy scout? what's with the ribbon around the neck?
ha .. not intentional , i have seen kulasekara and malinga whack it around.
what a brilliant showing by the west indies,on the field and with the ball!
gotta love the celebrations of west indies, for some reason if any other team was doing it, i'd be getting pissed off.
haha, the dusting off marlon samuels was brilliant.
hahahaha! gotta love these guys.
sri lanka is the new south africa!!!!
wi have an overflowing supply of cool. it's just unfair really...
it doesnt matter what he looks like rite now not a fuck is being given by him.
sri lanka's hopes now rest on a 19 year old straight of the youth club. make dreams come true, youth.
agreed!!
wi, when you win the cup,don't forget to thank the 1.2bn indians who rooted for you.
gold dust being dusted off samuels ? haha .. funny bunch !!
windies should bring back rampaul for the last over. just for shits and giggles. 

edit: never mind.
i guess there's only one team that can win a world cup at home. 
lol @ malinga not rotating strike!
pretty sure neutrals from everywhere are supporting the windies. nothing against the lankans, but how can you not love these guys!
couldn't have asked for a better game. deserving winners! 
hats off to the west indies! they had to wait for a long time to get off the mark, didn't give up, and now they're the t20 champions! congratulations!!
:), something for us to brag about.
**gangnam style !!!** 
what a disappointing game for the sri lankans :(
goddammit! i don't know why, i am so happy!
called wi winning by 34 runs. thanks kulasekara and samuels. 'twas the most fun match in recent times.
damn, gayle can move.
the first 10 overs of wi's innings was the 5th worst score in all t20s, ever. amazing comeback.
this was sheer brilliant from west indies. this feels so good, these guys have been so good. i have been supporting west indies since that fatal night at the 96 sf, this feels so good. rather emotional now. :)
yyyyyesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss motherfucking yesssss!!!
gj wi, you guys deserve the t20 cup. 

oppa gangnam style by the whole team was awesome :d
who could've though sl will lose when wi were 22- ~10 overs
congrats windies!! it's almost sweeter that they did it without gayle performing, show's they're not a one man team. now please, please, please use this and carry it over to the test arena, cricket needs it!
aliright brudders !! thanks to these match threads and your contributions.. i for one have definitely enjoyed this tournament more than i would have watching it by myself.

so ..**thank you !!**
chris gayle's prophecy becomes true as west indies become the international twenty20 champions of the world! get ready for some really unorthodox celebrations.
great game!
and lulz at the gangnam style dancing!
good they brought in manjarekar in interview to counter the coolness flowing out of gayle and samuels.
that was one hell of a final. i am so happy that the west indies won it. i hope this signifies the emergence of west indies cricket again!
group hug!
the west indians seem like they would be awesome to party with.
haha, so true
sanjay you n00b, analyzing a celebration.
gangnam style!!
anything can happen in t20.. dont ever stop in middle..
that was incredible...
deserving win for west indies. sad that sri lanka lost in both finals (50 over and now).. 
it's so painful, like watching my dad trying to be cool with my mates, please make him stop!
this interview among celebrations is so weird. resembles an mtv show where a prude professor is at a spring break beach party interviewing bunch of frat guys.
second t20 final they've lost
wow, we all have tears in our eyes! its been too long since the west indies graced silverware!
brooklyn will be buzzin today.
congratulations west indies,i hope they can keep this up in other formats,they always had the talent but lost the way in the early 2000s.
srilanka. 2007 wc finalist, 2009 wt20 finalist, 2010 wt20 semi finalist, 2011 wc finalist and now 2012 wt20 finalist.
as a west indian fan, it is refreshing to see us win a major championship in  a long time. we have been let down many times by our team, and our cricket board. today we delivered. this is a proud moment for every west indian! gangnam style!
everytime the windies players are now given the mike, i get excited. they are completely speaking their minds and i am loving it!
 marlon samuels just gave the most boss interview ever!!!
i'm happy they outplayed sri lanka anyway. they are good people. good hearts!
sammy thanked me .. **onions**
300 get?
congratulations! we are also thrilled that you won!
they lost the 2007 wc to australia too. 4 major disappointments 
red stripe and jerked chicken ?  :)
300!

lol gayle diving around and doing pushups. oh god, i love this team.
i hope wi wins many more matches. they're super funny when they celebrate. haha..specially one particular clown called gayle.
somebody youtube this shit. i don't have access to tv/streams right now.
i didn't even cheer for india so much. way to west indies. loved seeing you win and all the dancing.

ravi rampaul's ball to dilshan is etched in my memory. 


today he's marlon samuels 
no one doubts that tests are still dominant. they always will be. it's good that the commentators are reminding everyone of this  
also, marlon samuels saying during his motm speech that they would like to do well in tests since that's the best form of cricket.
i was glad when ian bishop mentioned about this.
i will be torrenting this match. hopefully it includes the celebrations. most likely someone will upload it to youtube by then.
fuck that guy. seriously, he's getting more irritating than shastri and gavaskar combined.
hahaha.. i saw what you did there.
my lankan friends are so depressed. i know that feel bros.
overheard at a dinner: the west indies team can dance better than the cheerleaders!
man, the way they celebrated left me grinning too!
well done, windies! you guys definitely deserved it the way you played today. great contest overall. our boys will take it one of these days, hopefully. well played regardless. 
so much this ! nice to see west indies win &gt;as a west indian fan, it is refreshing to see us win a major championship in a long time. we have been let down many times by our team, and our cricket board. today we delivered. this is a proud moment for every west indian! gangnam style!


congratulations windies! most exciting and deserving team won the tournament i think. 

it was an amazing match, but i think the difference was almost all samuels. both teams bowled pretty well for the most part, but he was literally the only batsmen of either side who managed to stick around for a decent length of time and do anything worthwhile. everyone else was falling like dominoes, and even good old trustable jayawardene only just managed to scrape his innings. incredible how much difference just one player can make in t20 on certain pitches. 
i don't think choking is the right word. but i think it's not too early, they definitely have a problem of some sort 
i was kind of glad samuels stepped up when the team needed him. i was getting worried the windies were relying too much on gayle and pollard. oh, and narine. i friggin love narine.
they're also better looking.
swap jayawardene for kohli and balaji... for anyone else really and that'll be my team.
cyancat!? i thought you were pakistani! you traitor!
enjoyed the world cup, i watched every game.   

hope you guys liked the daily player of the match sidebar pic changes.  
we love you, bernie.
4 times in 5 years is definitely more than coincidence. especially since today's game was at home and they were off to a great start.

i hate the term 'chokers' because it takes class to get to so many finals and its not fair to the team if they can't cross the final hurdle. i'd definitely say that it does reflect a certain inability of the current team to deal with pressure of a big final though.
however, things like like this sadly won't translate to bums on seats during tests
properly gutted that sri lanka lost this. it's their fourth time losing a the finals :(
not today, i am not
agreed, and also maybe luke wright for shakib al hasan, we didn't see much of him in the tournament but i reckon he's the better all rounder in this format
it's a darn shame. i think sri lanka and bangladesh really deserve it more than any other team. :( keep your chin up friend, there's always next year. :)
this is only for 2012 wc though (as title states) - luke wright did perform very well this time.
oh how wrong i was!!! what a comeback by the west indies. absolutely brilliant!!
and apparently they really like psy.
i can understand why sri lanka deserves it because they're a pretty decent all-round side, but why do you think bangladesh deserves it?
actually tests sell out pretty much everywhere in the world other than india. thats mostly due to the crappy wickets and dull contests we dish out.

i can guarantee a couple of sell out crowds during the upcoming eng and aus test series. (but only if we put out sporting wickets and not dust bowls)
there's plenty of proof that test cricket is the superior form of cricket, but you're clutching at straws here.
i'd swap mendis for narine and balaji for finn/steyn.

interesting that almost all the batsmen played in the top 3 for their teams. middle order batting in t20 is a tricky job!
i won the reddit league on cricinfo.com and by some margin! :d 
world rank of 151.
*too happy*
hey, bangladesh works hard, too. you may not have noticed but their fielding has extremely improved. they've got a new captain, for whom i have a lot of faith. i know it's unlikely for west indies to win a world cup anytime soon, but hey! nothing is impossible in the game of cricket! we witnessed that today.
party like it's '79.
dude he already chose mendis. or are you thinking jeevan? i think narine warrants a place. mendis, ajmal, narine? insane line up

who doesn't?
on the basis of the fantasy league results i declare myself unfit to choose :)
the folks at /r/pyongyang ?
you're completely wrong. tests don't sell out anywhere in the world except in england and most grounds in australia.

india has the second biggest test crowds in the world. 

 but i hope you're right about the sellout crowds in india in the upcoming matches. 
i meant mendis (out), narine (in). narine is a better bowler than mendis imo but his fielding is atrocious! (i'd still pick him in the xi because fewer batsmen tend to be able to read him)
i believe shahid afridi says much the same thing every time he goes out to bat. 
and then again 10 seconds later as he walks back to the dugout.
watson


gayle


jayawardane (captain)


kohli


mccullum (wicket-keeper)


mike hussey


shakib-al-hassan


ajantha mendis


saeed ajmal


steyn


malinga





outfield was crappy. pitch was terrible. srilanka was given the taste of its own medicine. 


in the 2012 world cup mendis was better.... 6 for 8 first game.

besides, both ajantha and narine are already present in op's team.
they are chokers but they do well for a small poor nation to make the final in 4 consecutive tournaments. 
if you know about marlon's shady past you wouldn't take his opinions seriously. 
why bangladesh they have done shit all.
but no one cares about hockey
i hate afridi and i'm pakistani.. can i haz downvotes?
why they are bad luck sore losers
i agree. i'm from trinidad and i'm not willing to say narine is better just yet. let's see how he does in the future
i'd probably switch samuels out for kohli or hussey. maybe you could even throw gul or malinga in there somehow, though i'm not sure who you could take out for them. perhaps just hold onto onto one of them as a reserve, but other than that this looks like a pretty damn good team. 
proud of them, mostly because they won without gayle :)
i'd take out balaji and put in raza hasan (pak). he bowl a beauty with the new ball. 
if anything we are the chokers, 5 international tournaments in which we went to the semis and beyond, only once did we take the cup
as a south african, yes. it takes years to do that label justice.
well done brother. fantasy cricket is harder than i thought it would be!

where did you get most of your points? gayle and watson?
haha, i was way off. congrats man, well done to the west indies. i'm very happy they won.
easy there tiger ;-)
holy shit...
yuvraj could make this team as a bowler that can bat. 8 wickets at 10.12 and econ. of 5.92 is pretty impressive in this t20 wc. i would put him in ahead of balaji. raza hasan was also really good (especially for my fantasy team :p) 
push ups and gangnam style dancing post trophy presentation.
and to be honest they only sell out in australia when we have england or india out here and the side is doing really well.
i'm really glad west indies won, it's a great achievement considering the administrative struggles they have endured in recent times.

along with new zealand wi have been underachievers in terms of the 'big 8'. it'd be great to have these teams (+ bangladesh) return to being genuinely competitive sides. they have a lot of young talented players in charles and narine so hopefully they continue their development in the other formats too.
oh yes. i completely agree. and add to that list, my local club. we deserve it too. we work the hardest in our league. our batting has improved markedly since we got bundled out for 15 last year. and our fielding is out of this world. and yes, we have a new captain as well.
there needs to be a gif of this
i know this feel bro (you gave it too us)
no, i wouldn't call them chokers. if anything, they're overachievers. they've done immensely well to reach those four finals. 
snap, crackle and pop.
yeah, but dat mendis... i try to look on the bright side &gt;.&lt;
so i had said i would give a 25 dollar amazon card to the winner. you mods want to help with verifying who it should go to? 
usa! usa! usa!
hey they should do a celebration dance with that popular song gangnam style! that would be crazyyy
i'm proud to be an american.
i am sorry, but i have to disagree.  the only team that deserves the world t20 cup , are the west indies, because u know .. they won !!

this is a sport, winning and losing is part of it.  teams win and teams loose.  it is not charity.  

and bangladesh is still a developing team, they have some fantastic talent, i am sure they work hard **everybody does** these guys are professionals and represent their nations ... so if they are **not** working hard , then  .. well .. they will eventually loose the privilege of doing just that.

sri lanka is a darn good team, and has been so for a while, producing world class talent .  some of them that will be remembered as one of the greats of the game .. aravinda disliva,  jayasuriya, muralitharan , mahela jayawardene , sangakkara. they have been world champions in the past, they were runners up in the last one.  runners up today in the world t20.

i think you see where i am going .. 
i think you hit the nail on the head, nothing much else for me to say
pity that i have but one upboat to give .
yobo! (you only bat once)
chris gayle rolling around on the field was the best
was it just me or was there hardly any coverage of the cheerleaders during the later part of the tournament ?  i was watching it online on espn3
ahh sorry didn't notice narine's name. wasn't expecting him to bat as high as 7!!!


marginal error? for jamshed, the tournament's best pakistani batsmen? made my blood boil. 
i think in eng tests sell out pretty much by default. it seems to be their favorite format of the game. in aus,saf,nzl, win and ind its a lot to do with the rivalry/contest involved.

 i've seen full houses and i've seen empty stands.however, its down to the tests being competitive. you don't want to sit in the stadium and watch one team pommel another for 5 consecutive days. i think the nz test at bangalore had good crowds and that was because the pitch had something for their bowling attack. if we can put out such wickets for aus/eng you'd see more people coming in.
but was it the first and only time that an umpire got a decision wrong in a professional sport? have pak never benefited from umpiring errors?

bad decisions are just like getting a low bounce or a few thick edges flying for boundaries. its bad luck and can happen to you on any given day. you can't blame a loss on them.
well the crowd at the boxing day test would sell out any other ground in the world most years.
absolutely. but it's really only every going to be possible in 20/20. 

a bowler friendly strip in a 50 over match can lead to a side being bowled out for only a few overs. say 35. the batting team then come in early and the match can finish before the forecast evening session. in the case of weekday day/night matches, it's the evening session that makes the money, as people can attend after they finish work. this leads to a massive revenue loss for the host board.

in that same way, too friendly a pitch in tests can lead to 3 day matches, leading to two fulls days of lost gate for the host board.

so groundskeepers are never going to be encouraged to prepare spicy pitches for anything other than the hit &amp; giggle. which is fine - i like it as a development in the game to give bowling more advantage in t20.
are there any photo's that don't make gayle look so fucking cool?
doesn't mean they shouldn't be called out. they're not bad luck, but bad officiating. 
yeah i don't see it as bad officiating necessarily. most modern umpires are very accurate and most errors are usually a matter of inches. one wrong decision among 20-25 right ones is perfectly within the margin of error.
hence the need for drs. 
great player. wish he wasn't such a tosser.
god, i'd imagine this is what it feels like to get dumped. i wouldn't personally know, i spent all my time on reddit...
c'mon man, we're not *that* poor...

but i see what you're saying. from a population of 21 million, we manage to produce team after team that achieve pretty great things on the international level. i guess that's a testament to our domestic circuit and school cricket that inevitably produce talents to compete internationally.

win or lose, i am so very proud of my lions. keeps us, sri lankan fans, on their toes and cheering until our throats are raw. well played, sri lanka! we'll get em next time, boys!
i dunno why , he always looks in my eyes atleast as that predator in the arnold movie.
link to the torrent please? :)
they are fucked when sangakarra, mahela and dilshan retire in a few years. the young batsmen coming through are pretty crap. 
nah, i think the younger guys will come in to their own as well. just like when we thought it was all gonna go to shit when murali, jayasuriya, de silva, atapattu, and the like retired... someone stepped up. 

with all this said, i take nothing away from the west indian boys! what a match they played and what a tournament they had! love their pedigree and just their positive attitude and respect for cricket. 
&gt; murali, jayasuriya, de silva, atapattu, and the like retired... 

no sangakarra, mahela and dilshan were all stars during the last few years of those 3 you mention. 
yes, exactly. and just like those 3 were stars then (and now), people like mathews, perera, jeevan mendis, chandimal, thirimanne will step up. they'll get more and more consistent exposure and the talent will (hopefully) develop. 
&gt;  people like mathews, perera, jeevan mendis, chandimal, thirimanne 

you are deluded if you think they are batting stars now. 
mathews is a star as an all rounder. 
barring yesterday's final, the 3 other losses weren't really chokes. india, australia and pakistan genuinely were the better side in those finals. they should have won yesterday though.
or "you're only bowled once" 
i watched it live on [espn3](http://espn.go.com/watchespn/index). no commercials. they just had some trivia after each over, but they didn't cut off any part of the match.
look on the bright side, you could be south african. before t20, we only got this feeling every four years with a wc, but nowadays we can get it three years running...
coming from a place where espn is one of the better sports broadcasters (you have to watch channels like neo cricket and ten sports to know), i am just wondering if there could be any technical issues relating to broadcast that caused intermittent cuts in transmission. 
"i would never compare myself to kallis, he is my idol."
right in the feels man :(
south africans know how you feel.

let's look on the bright side, cricket right now is very exciting, the wi are coming back into form, sri lanka and pakistan did better than south africa or england. 

also t20 leaves too much to chance, i believe there should just be 5 wickets per innings.
how many shane watsons do i get to put in?

wat?
he may have made some mistakes, but that guy really wants to succeed for his region and country.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
just trying to cheer him up lol

you're right, t20 just lends itself so much to personal heroism rather than an all-round team effort. samuels was definitely the man tonight, he took the wi innings from dead in the water to having momentum. kudos windies, great fun to watch and popular champions (except with the long-suffering sl fans).
i'm not good enough to specify a side for each format, so i'm just going by the two best sides consisting of players of all countries in a test match format.

1. brendon taylor (wk)
2. alistair cook
3. virat kohli
4. michael clarke (c)
5. ross taylor
6. kumar sangakkara
7. ryan ten doeschate
8. shakib al hasan
9. saeed ajmal
10. dale steyn
11. kemar roach

vs.

1. tamim iqbal
2. hamilton masakadza
3. hashim amla
4. mahela jayawardene (c)
5. younis khan
6. michael hussey
7. ms dhoni (wk)
8. daniel vettori
9. zaheer khan
10. james anderson
11. sunil narine
uh... it was me.

source: i am a mod.
i'll be sure to invite you to the next prediction thread!
feeling it too... but things move on, very soon it will be another tournament for us to be cheering the boys!
that's better than i could do abe, but if i had to quibble, boyd rankin no longer plays for ireland.
shakib's bowling was really off in this tournament. i would pick someone else. 
pretty good list!

question: for the test side, why did you choose dhoni from india? sangakarra is already in the side. how about making sangakarra keep the wickets, and play kohli from india instead? just an idea.
espn blew it.
t20:
1. shane watson (aus)
2. b mccullum (nz) +
3. v kohli (india)
4. h gibbs (south africa)
5. m jayawardene (sri lanka)*
6. shakib al hasan (bang)
7. s ajmal
8. s narine (wi)
9. s finn (eng)
.... give up

odi same

test:
1. s tendulkar (ind)
2. h amla (sa)
3. gayle (wi)
4. kp (eng)
5. sangakara (sri lanka)+
6. mishab ul haq *
7. shakib al hasan (bang)
8. d vettori (nz)
9. p siddle (aus)
... give up




can't see how it could possibly have been anyone else really.
max 3. one shane batson, one shane bowlson and one shane catchson.
sangas batting average drops from 50+ to just over 40 when keeping. lower than matt prior's, in fact.
thought about that, but kohli is 2 or 3 in the world in odis, and nowhere near that high in tests.
forgot about that... dockrell?
that'd do.

edit: or you could go with hasan from afghanistan.
when mahela first gave up captaincy to sanga way back when and cited the reason of him wanting sri lanka and sanga to have enough time to get prepared for the 2011 world cup, i always questioned that move and thought that jaya was still young enough to captain through the 2011 odi world cup and the 2012 t20 world cup, so i just didn't see why on earth he did that. i feel like that set sri lankan cricket back quite a bit. now would have been a good time to relinquish captaincy for the first time to sangakara and sri lanka would have still had a good path till the next odi world cup. as it stands, they have no talented captains left (let's face it, dilshan is not captain material and matthews is nowhere close to ready). this is another huge set-back for them.
but he's getting there.
&gt;people like mathews, perera, jeevan mendis, chandimal, thirimanne will step up.  

i sure hope so as sl cricket would definitely use them, however, i have my doubts. with all due respect, these players you just named are very average batsmen, whereas jayawardene and sangakara are future hall of famers. i just don't see that caliber in them. but like you said, early days, they may prove us wrong yet.
personally i was rooting for the windies up to the point that they actually won the thing, and then proceeded to spend the next hour walking around on camera looking like a bunch of tossers.
nice one. finding fast bowlers is damn near impossible, because only 2 or 3 countries produce real quality ones, and even then, those countries usually produce batsmen that are impossible to leave out too.
exactly this.
l balaji?? i'd go with the same team except steve finn over balaji and virat kohli over jayawardene.
dat hd!
yeah, i've noticed finn and anderson getting the nod over prior a bit too. i was thinking how to include him, and then i realised there's probably no way, which doesn't say a lot about the strength of the world's quick-bowling stock.
yep. can't see england worrying him too much in the upcoming series, steve finn aside. 
watson,
gayle,
jayawardane,
m.hussey,
duminy/ samuels,
a.b.devilliers,
a.morkel,
narine,
a.mendis,
steyn,
ajmal,

too many s.a players there, but i think they fit the position and balance the team better.

ab&gt;mccullum imo

toss up between duminy and samuels.

a. morkel can give the extra pacer option and a good finisher.

i disagree. the truth is actually the exact opposite of what you've said.

first of all, let me state that there's two types of bowling friendly pitches. there's the slow type of pitch with uneven bounce which troubles batsman. this is the shit kind of pitch. then there's the pitch with good, even bounce, maybe a bit of grass too. this is the good type of bowling friendly pitch.

t20 pitches are just about always made for batting. they're flat decks so the crowd can see sixes.

the waca is the bounciest test pitch known to man. tell me my friend, why does every waca match not finish within 3 days? english conditions are the best for swing bowling in the world, and the pitches have a bit of bounce. yet england tests still go into days 4 and 5 everytime.

bowler friendly pitches help batsmen too you know. the ball comes onto the bat nicer so once you get your eye in, shot making becomes easier, as you can trust the bounce. 

the problem is that despite what people say, t20 batting is still a bit of a slogfest. as we saw in yesterday's final, most batsmen didn't apply themselves, and hence everyone was crap. except samuels. he adapted to the pitch, played accordingly and as such played an amazing innings.

pitches with bounce will never be the cause of a match finishing quicker. that is caused by stupid irresponsible batting and failure to adapt to the conditions.

the recent test match in bangalore had a bit of extra bounce to it. guess what happened? tim southee took 7 wickets. indian spinners took wickets, and both teams hit a lot of runs. it was an amazing test match.


 
quite looking forward to finn bowling. he's got some serious pace about him. his natural inswinger might actually be quite useful in the subcontinent when players are always looking to play across the line. 
yes, the streaming worked great for all the earlier matches i watched. i was interested in watching the final in my living room, but i guess connecting pc to tv is the way to go. (if you have a paid xbox live account, that also has streaming espn3.)
probably not. it was not shown live on tv, and the full 4+ hour broadcast is available on espn3.com. the tv broadcast fit exactly in to 3 hours. they just didn't budget enough time, and chopped it until it fit. 

i know i can watch it streaming, but i guess i was hoping that espn could start a new era of bringing in new fans. 
also .. if sanga isnt in as a keeper it would be jayawardene from the sl lot wouldnt you think ?
i realize this is a tough exercise .. but for t20 from sa you picked gibbs over ab or amla ?
yep .. that one was a slam dunk.
india gets excellent crowds on weekends. it's so stupid when the schedule tests to start on a monday or tuesday.

new zealand and west indies never gets good crowds. 

 south africa hardly gets good crowds, unless the contest is exciting. the india tour of south africa in 2010 had some big crowds at times, but generally even south african crowds are low. 

i agree though that it's down to tests being competitive. that's why you need bowler friendly pitches for test matches. you're right.
yea .. i liked that one too.  i generally dont like him, though respect his talent quite a bit .. but that statement makes me think , maybe he is mellowing out a little bit, kinda sorta ..
i don't think there's too much difference in terms of impact. personally i'd go for mahela because even his forward defensive is elegant.
south africa are hogging all the good quicks, i say!

also, i have a question: how does the rest of the world (i.e. you, jim, the person who bothers to reply to people) see the australian bowlers siddle, hilfenhaus and harris? they're rated pretty highly on the icc rankings, but i've never really thought about it. do they strike any fear in your english heart?
yus man, doesn't play for sa anymore, but has been awesome in bbl and ipl.

edit: isn't picked for sa anymore, but...
oh .. and his cuts and dabs.  nasser said yesterday,(paraphrasing)  'if you bowl to him there, you could have 9 men there and he will still find a way through ' 
the only issue i have with the aussie quicks is i never know who is in favour. sa has 2 or 3 quicks who are probably just better than any of the aussie choices, but after that there are so many aussies better than the next best south african. mckay, starc, hilfy, harris, cummins, siddle, on and on. it just seems like none of them are ever completely assured of their place though.
i know what you mean. 10 years ago you knew who the good aussie quicks were: mcgrath, gillespie, lee, bichel, kasprowicz, and each was world-class.

now you've got quantity over quality, with about 10-15 bowlers in the domestic scene about as good as kasper or bichel was, but none really standing out.

i'm hoping that 4 years from now we'll be back in the former position: pattinson, cummins &amp; starc, with a couple of others vying for a spot.

oh also a decent spinner.
http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/113z6s/chris_gayle_funny_dancing_gangnam_style/
i guess one positive way to see this is that it was probably the first time they showed international cricket on espn or espn2. that's a pretty big thing!

the thing with espn is that they know sports programming and i'd rather have a game broadcast by them over a period of time than have it shown by a lesser known network who can't get it right.

in the 90s a lot of my friends in the us would complain about the soccer broadcasts in the us but now espn does a very decent job of international tournaments. i assume that with more interest their cricket programming would start getting better as well.
recent tour of australia, he was the only one to get a hundred in tests, and the only one to really impress me.
good fun. 

that's true. having espn3 online cover cricket is a huge gain for us appreciation of the sport. they have rights to icc and champions league events until 2015, including the world cup.
i'd take the first team of those two. better captiain, better number 3. neither bowling combo is perfect, but they aren't bad.

anyone else care to share their thoughts on these two teams.

also, i feel bad turning over dan vettori, i think i have a bit of a mancrush clouding my judgement.
ah, thank you.
interesting that you should ask, actually. i recently reassessed my thinking on siddle and hilfy in particular due to a conversation on here. no doubt they are much improved since the last ashes where they suffered . harris is very injury prone so you can never be sure of he'll play well but hilfy particularly seems to have raised his pace a bit while retaining the control he always had. siddle can destroy a batting line up when he's got his dander up, plus he *looks* like a proper grizzled bowler that can steam in all day.

at the moment, and with cummins, starc and pattinson either as back up or rotating in and out, aus's attack is probably at least as good as england's. they won't strike fear into the likes of amla or jayawardene but are certainly more than adequate.


so, yeah, the 2013 ashes should be interesting as i think both teams hav stronger bowling reserves than batting.

please excuse any typos, i'm on my phone
hilarious... i forwarding this to my other kirikut crazy friends.


[http://i.imgur.com/xupbb.gif](http://i.imgur.com/xupbb.gif)
it's a fine line - trap vs weakness. how do you differentiate?

gambhir is weak against the ball outside off. opponent bowls outside off. would this be a trap?
you forgot to link to the video.
even if true, kp is still a nob. 
exploiting a weakness in a batsman's repertoire would not be in this category imho. 

i should have been clearer. i am talking about a critical time period during a game and a batsman falls because he could have avoided hitting that simple shot, thereby changing the nature of the game.
one comes to mind, gibbs from a few years ago. he glanced a ball to second slip - apparently intentionally, a few balls after said slip was recalled. basically, he committed the most basic batsman error and either forgot the field placing, or didn't notice it. 
that isn't a trap though.
can all of rohit sharma's dismissals fall into this category? 
ponting , caught at square leg/deep square leg, trying to hook a short ball. has happened a few times.
i know it is borderline. but moving the slip back in position imo accounts for setting a trap and gibbs' boneheaded waft led to his dismissal. these are types of examples i was looking for.


test:

strauss (eng), mccullum (nz), clarke (aus), kohli (india), sangakarra (sl), samuels (wi), ten doeschate (ned),  shakib (ban), philander (sa), ajmal (pak), jarvis (zim)


this is really very hard. strauss captain for a final hurrah, mccullum keeping even though he'll whinge. 


i'll skip odi cause it's 3:30am and i should really go to bed....

t20

gayle (wi), hafeez (pak), watson (aus), wright (eng), taylor (nz), raina (india), shahzad (afg), steyn (sa), mendis (sl), dockrell (ire), price (zim)

shahzad keeping, taylor captain. would likely put kohli in for raina if i didn't feel some need to have separate xis.

thoughts?

would javed miandad goading chetan sharma into bowling that full toss count as  a trap?
thnx man .. foggy brain 
did he really goad him? i just thought chetan sharma looked for a yorker and ended bowling a full toss. please correct me if i am wrong.



kohli better than amla in tests...what?
'kp didnt want it to do live ..' :) thats the thing, chris gayles was probably spontaneous .. live (at least it looked like that the first time) and he just stuck to it...

but props to kp for not taking himself too seriously and having a bit of fun.


legend says miandad taunted him. saw some interview where c.s said something on the lines of how he lost his focus due to miandad's taunts and the yorker became a full-toss.

edit: given the street-fighter miandad was, i am inclined to believe the taunt/boast theory. great mind games
thats a lot more plausible.
i might be wrong but thats not gangam style

its some pakistani shit
i remember in australia, brett lee pulled the 3-card trick on sachin. bouncer-bouncer-bouncer followed by full delivery outside off, caught behind. worked even with sachin. 
missing is a straight ball is hardly a trap!
allegedly nasir jamshed is culpable as well. here we go. 



won't lie, sl umpire's claim that liquor can get sl cricket officials to do anything made me lol.
niceee...even the great ones fall for a trap. 


bwahahahaha...

https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=431490503552737&amp;set=pb.226520244049765.-2207520000.1349209647

sorry for the fb photo.. but this needs to get out more. 

ed: https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/253120_431490503552737_961269445_n.jpg
shahid afridi feeling anxious right now.
yeah i'd take a lot of the statements made by the umpires with a grain of salt. a lot of it may be embellishment to get the reporters interested.

however, the proliferation of t20 leagues has always been feared to be a boon for corruption in the game. this story just confirms everyone's worst fears.
this is just ecb closing ranks after all the apologies. 
rightly the csa shot back at them.
not again...
this is very serious. 
i think the professional player's association should have the final say here. you can't compromise cricketers' security for political reasons.

only if players from all cricketing nations agree, should tours to pakistan resume. the life of a cricketer from one country cannot be valued less than the the life of a cricketer from another.
correlation != causation. 


amir, butt et al weren't playing a t20 league. 
true. but monitoring a slpl or ipl is harder for icc's acu than an international tour. i think they have to rely on the home board which is not an ideal situation.
wasn't the acu that brought match-fixing scandals to light. it isn't competent in the first place.



i don't have the solution/alternative either.
oh dear. cricket is a vulnerable little sport isn't it. really angers me that some of these umpires have officiated in tests. i hope none of it is true, however that seems unlikely... 
if there's one thing that this shitty-ass tv network is good at, it's the sting operations. 100% strike-rate.


it's the same tv network that exposed ipl players, who were later found guilty.
oh well, at least the icc is quick to issue an official statement:  http://www.icc-cricket.com/newsdetails.php?newsid=21787_1349711280




&gt; the icc confirms that none of the umpires named were involved in any of the official games of the icc world twenty20 in sri lanka. the icc will not make any further comment on this issue.
that's interesting. how could these umpires fix matches if they weren't officiating? 
boo. clutching at straws.
does any england batsman against any orthodox spinner count?
surprised i had to scroll this far to see his name.
the first name i saw was afridi and thought you were making a worst-of team.
1-2-1-1, not 1-2-1-2.
probably lying in his hotel bedroom surrounded by beautiful women. 
if true, this is probably the only instance when a bowler was caught in a trap ;-)


huuuuungover
i remember a few years back, stephen fleming set a very clever trap for damien martyn. martyn's best shot was the square drive so fleming stacked the point region with fielders and told the bowler to bowl wide of offstump. martyn couldn't resist and creamed it on the full to point -clever trap.
feel sorry for them, but they have themselves to blame. both could have batted more sensibly. its irritating to see someone with mahela's class get out to a reverse sweep/pull. but being an indian, i was rooting for wi :-)

even during odi wc last year, sanga's defensive captaincy after ind were about 35/2 cost them the match.

seems like they just lack the killer instinct to go the whole hog. also team is too reliant on 3-4 individuals.
disclaimer: fan of gusset

test:

1. b. taylor
2. k. o'brien
3.  v. kohli
4.  k. sangakkara (wk)
5. m. hussey
6. m. samuels
7. shakib al hasan
8. d.vettori (c)
9. j. anderson
10. d. steyn
11. s. ajmal

the batting order is a bit messed up. if need be, 
hussey could open. we all know he wont complain.

odi:

1. b. taylor
2. tamim iqbal
3.  d. chandimal
4.  m. samuels
5. m. hussey
6. k. o'brien
7. m.s. dhoni (c/wk)
8. d.vettori 
9. t. bresnan
10. d. steyn
11. u. gul

t20 

1. f. du plessis
2. c. gayle
3. b. mccullum (wk)
4. m. hussey
5. m. s. dhoni (c)
6. ryan ten doeschate
7. shakib al hasan
8. g. dockrell
9. shapoor zadran
10. u. gul
11. l. malinga
i feel he should have continued with mendis when windies were down and out. he had malinga (granted he was thrashed yesterday), kulasekara, matthews to finish off the overs. saving mendis when the other team was down, was not a good move.
i agree with your take on his batting. matthews for all the talk hasn't lived up to his expectations. srilanka will suffer when sanga/mahela hang up their boots.
 
beautiful.. wish there was a video somewhere.
i shouldn't have included sehwag in the original post. others have to work hard to reach sehwag/afridi's level. mohammed ashraful has worked hard on this skill and still has not rreached that level.


the fuck is that?
this is very sad. people take sports way too seriously.

bloody hell this article is atrociously written. the author seems semi-literate at best. also, "in lieu" means precisely the opposite of what he thinks it means. is the *ht* always like this?
very heartbreaking story. people need to realise, it's just a game. 
someone had to take the picture.
dirk nannes doesn't play for us anymore, and tendo barely does. :(
er, as tfa states, gallage was reserve umpire in the [ind-pak](http://www.espncricinfo.com/icc-world-twenty20-2012/engine/match/578140.html) match. how the fuck does that not consitute "involvement"?
does any time anyone tries to 'flick', the ball down to fine leg from a mile outside off stump? i'm talking guys that premeditate and wander across the stumps and the bowler just follows them. 
their website is atrocious. the newspaper is a lot better. 

the story is basically a copy pasta from the [original on india tv's website](http://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/icc-umpires-caught-camera-willing-to-fix-matches-india-tv-stings-6618.html). the writing is pretty poor there as well, though.

also as /u/sarfaraaz pointed out above - india tv is quite a trashy news station. but they are good at these 'sting operations'. kind of like news of the world - which broke the match fixing story in uk a couple of years ago 
saw article is from toi, looked in the comments. third from top 

&gt;instead of committing suicide, they should have grabbed the neck of lasith malinga!!!

was not disappoint!
when rahul dravid captained india to england, he set a trap for alastair cook. cook was flicking sreesanth's inswingers away like swatting away flies. instead of trying to bowl outside offstump, dravid got sreesanth to continue that line, but brought fine leg in, made him almost a leg slip. full delivery, flicked behind square towards the fine leg in the air. dinesh karthik promptly drops it. 
i liked dravid's thinking. trying to convert cook's strength into a weakness. almost worked. 
&gt;television channel ***india tv***

seems legit now
&gt;the expose seemed to show sri lankan umpire gallage agreeing to leak information on the pitch, weather, toss, and even the playing elevens of india and pakistan ahead of their world t20 warm-up match for rs 50,000.

[source](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/top-stories/six-cricket-umpires-caught-by-tv-sting-during-t20-world-cup/articleshow/16730554.cms)
where is marlon samuels? 
might wanna make this the subreddit pic, mods? 
so about this right? undoubtedly any true cricket fan would be insane to write off test cricket... except according to what you're saying, it's one of the least selling formats of cricket... which can be attributed to mostly its long format... right? unless i'm missing something. what i don't understand is, despite this, why doesn't bcci organize test matches so that it coincides with the public's availability... like start at 5 and go until night? play close to weekends, etc. same applies for odis. i mean if the icc isn't selling out crowds in odis and tests, then maybe try changing times?

edit: bcci for icc. 
got the video of brian lara playing into mark taylor's (or should i say david boon's) hands: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmaoshjig-8
not without gayle &amp; samuels in the pic.

"hang themselves **to death**"? thanks toi for clarifying that, or else i'd have confused them with people who hang themselves to dry.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5twjhtrrfe&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=36s
it's getting to that stage when the only appropriate solution would be imposing a short term ban of pakistan from the icc. they have been involved in pretty much every fixing scandal of recent times that i can recall. they are a disgrace to the international game, and quite frankly, do not deserve to be playing cricket at international level.

some say it may not be fair on the game in their region, but when it's happening at this top level, there is nothing else i can see the icc doing to stop this - other than imposing a ban on their team playing international cricket.
well, nothing to commit suicide over!!
sigh
ahahha yeh i re-read that bit like 4 times saying to myself, so wait, he *received* money?
odi crowds are still huge. with tests, i still think it's the most popular format, it's just that people can't make it to the matches for whatever reason. the problem with the bcci is that they don't care about crowds. they care about tv rights. millions of people are still watching india tests on tv, so the bcci doesn't care about attendance.  day night matches are being tested, but there's loads of problems with them at the moment. 

nope, check out [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanging) - *hanging is the lethal suspension of a person by a ligature*.
comments like these make me sad. one moment the guy is loved and is everyone's hero, the next moment everyone's giving him hell. everyone has a bad day; cricketers are humans. constructive criticism is always right, but not this.
exactly. this is the dark side to passionate fans 
sehwag example is not fit. it is not a set trap at all. 

traps are those where the field is set to get the batsmen out, or the mix of deliveries + field is manipulated to drive the batsman to an error or limitation. this might even include a sequence of dots and then opening up the field as well. 
i mentioned this in a recent comment as well. typical was [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=gkvcs8wg5gw#t=66s).
out of curiosity, what is a "toss report"? i would assume the match fixers would be betting on who will win the toss, but the toss is broadcast live and not pre-planned, so what is the benefit of this? 

very sad day in cricket. 
morto for kp. honky can't dance.
i would've said the same. however, the last india tv sting was a successful one.
watching the ipl was like watching wwe wrestling. total narrative. the sport has been corrupted and it has been for some time. money will always corrupt people.
i also read that another girl drank poison. cant find source for it now though..
you are
disagree that they shouldn't be playing cricket at international level, however the fact that some players with strong prior evidence of corruption, namely kamran akmal, are still playing is a disgrace.
ok, so i have no idea who amla is, i was just really impressed with kholi on their recent tour here. i really don't/can't watch cricket that isn't played in australia (because of t.v. coverage)
there is a great cricket shop in albion which will get you all the stuff you need.  here is the website.  http://www.cricketcentre.com.au/site/pages/brisbanealbion.php
this is sad, but absolutely fucking ridiculous.  i don't like the way in which some subcontinent fans worship cricket... it's unhealthy.
[you missed one](http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/content/series/378748.html). sri lanka were actually quite lucky to make the final let alone win this one, they were 5-6 at one stage in the final.
as someone who grew up in adelaide and spent many a summer's day watching international and domestic cricket at adelaide oval, i fear that the uniqueness of adelaide oval will disappear with the redevelopment as it becomes yet another "stadium", indistinguishable from others around the world.
good find with the video! 
more importantly, where is carlton banks?
i'm fairly certain line-ups in cricket aren't final until the toss.
managed to catch the adelaide test aus vs ind last season, one last sit under the figs on the hill was fantastic. not sure it will retain the same atmosphere however it will always be my favourite ground.
right click, copy image url, you're welcome
you can see a lot more of those on sachin, especially by australia. they worked him out like hell, and usually got him out caught at short mid-wicket. this seemed to be their specific thought about indian batsmen that flicking, and strong on the leg side nature could be turned into catches by pitching off to mid stump on bouncy enough pitches. particularly this came after their regular attempts at short pitched stuff being properly sent to all places. 
why's ipl being called out here?
not again - r/cricket downvoting posts simply because they disagree with the squad?
in the vb series 2006 final (vs. australia) host: aus , sri lanka won the first final and then had australia 4 (or 3?) for 16 before symonds and ponting(?) had a record partnership. 
likewise they lost the final series in 2012 after going up one game (?).
but they're keeping the figs and the hill.
to be fair these umpires are no names while aleem dar and asad rauf have been among the best umpires in world cricket for sometime. 

india struggle to produce a decent umpire. 
maybe they should develop their own cricketers
sangakarra has a better record than jayawardene in tests, esp. in recent years.
it was all part of biff’s test series strategy.  first get finn dead balled, then plot to have ab and dale get rid of kp. pure genius. 
well written, good stuff.

i have often bemoaned the mental side of the game that seems to desert sl at crucial moments. the wc winning team under ranatunga was half as talented as this current sl team, but they were mentally very tough. not just on the field either, but they seem to make weird off-field decisions - changing 4 players for the final of the last wc, or fielding an understrength team against aus in the carribean wc in the last super 8's game (which killed their momentum).
you'll probably see a fair bit of amla when sa tour australia this summer.
i've lived in adelaide most of my life and have watched a fair bit of cricket and football there. will it feel the same? i guess only time will tell.

i do think that the ground was sorely in need of upgrading. it was a great place to go to watch cricket but it was limited for anything else (only a handful of sanfl matches per year and maybe one or two concerts) and having an asset like that so close to the city being unused for most of the year didn't make sense.

by way of comparison, the mcg has had all of its stands renewed in the last 20 years. it still feels like the mcg, so it can be done.
then i have no qualms, on with the cricket!
**qld**

james hopes

cameron boyce

joe burns

ben cutting

luke feldman

peter forrest

chris hartley

nathan hauritz

usman khawaja

alister mcdermott

andrew robinson

wade townsend




**vics**

cameron white

aaron finch

peter handscomb

john hastings

david hussey

clint mckay

james pattinson

bob quiney

chris rogers

peter siddle

matthew wade



fuck. go watch it.
yes, that's a legal archaism and indianism, and *only* applies to sentencing.
i just feel like the new stands make so much more sense. they are white to reflect heat and vented to promote airflow. plus the canopies provide a huge amount of shade. it's the direction that the chappell stands were taking, just on a bigger scale. the bradman stand wasn't even historic; if the feel of the ground survived the 70s and 80s, then it should yet persevere. the hill and the scoreboard are the important things.
ah yes, the cricket '05 trap.
the way i'd always thought about it is that t20 cricket devalues sixes.

but in t20 cricket specifically, this article suggests that they are vital for success. 
ah yes, apologies. i felt for bangladesh that day. 
this was awesome. boon ran out an indian player while fielding in forward short leg. amazing reflexes. beautiful trap. i guess that position was heavily used against wristy players like lara, laxman.
have seen it before. tino best got rattled big time there.

this is very popular. i doubt if prasad set any trap for sohail. sohail just got cocky and swung at the very next ball.

one of those never forget moments from wc.    
i agree with the thought. please see 
http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/114yl5/braindead_cricketers_aka_falling_to_a_set_trap/c6jgfhb
yes of course in both cases the sri lankans had reached the final, beating sa to it in 05-06 and india in 2012, and had taken 1-0 leads but went on to lose the next two. the 2012 series would certainly hurt the most as sri lanka blew a reasonable chase of 231 early on and failed to continue a trend of non-australian teams taking the trophy home - england in 2006-7 and india in 07-08. it's also interesting to note that pakistan (96-7), south africa (01-02) and england (06-7) and india (07-8) have one win apiece whilst unsurprisingly, the west indies dominated the early period, winning 6 (79-80, 81-82, 83-84, 84-85, 88-89, 92-93) out of only 13 tournaments they participated in. 
amazing write up and research. good stuff. 
agreed with regards to the mental aspect. there is a school of thought in sri lanka which believes that without a world title, the current crop (sangakkara, jayawardene, dilshan, malinga) would not have the same recognition as the likes of de silva, ranatunga, jayasuriya, gurusinha, mahanama, murali and vaas. one could argue that the 1996 winning team's batting lineup had more structure and backbone, although collapses can be seen in both eras. 
pattinson &amp; siddle vs khawaja will make for some excellent watching.
farrk. vic look bloody powerful with all their t20 players back.

1. quiney
2. rogers
3. finch
4. hussey
5. white
6. mcdonald
7. wade
8. hastings/mckay
9. siddle
10. pattinson
11. holland

that's an international quality side.

also, who do you reckon, mckay or hastings? hastings got a 5-for in his last game, but mckay is a proven international performer. or maybe save him for limited overs?
the 5:57 drive against lee is just so good. dat bat speed.
dat straight bat !
i tried, but could not pick a favorite.
i don't get the downvotes.
i would like to see a cover drive collection, they are just phenomenal! 
9:28 is defensive.
i still can't believe that we haven't found a replacement wicket keeper

that is why match fixing continues to be a problem in cricket. its us fans who do not demand our boards to be harder on those who are found guilty.

instead we play defense for the cheats and create elaborate conspiracies to conceal their guilt. 
high fives are back in style.
i was 7 when tendlya made his debut, everything cricket to me comes back to him, i am sure i will shed a tear or two the day he hangs up his boots. everyone has their opinion on him but for me he brought un-bridled joy, as a kid and even now, through his cricketing (not just his batting) i am dreading the day.
i've never seen his name abbreviated so i read srt as stevie ray tendulkar
[srt brain-dead vs mark waugh.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=mt_gpdmjp8s#t=621s)
don't they always?
pretty hilarious comments by that bangla umpire:

&gt;i didn't know it was a sting operation.

*cough*

and the lankan umpire

&gt;i'm pretty sure they don't have evidence because we didn't discuss anything to do with match fixing.






no doubt there will be some great match ups throughout the course of this match! should be a good one jeau jeau!

i think man for man, pakistan have comfortably the best t20 team in the world. as the article suggested t20 often suits natural flamboyance and flair in place of rigorous discipline, and pakistan have that in bucketloads. not to mention that just about everyone on their team right down to the very bottom order can slog it, and as every run counts so much in t20, that's an invaluable asset. when pakistan perform they are simply jaw-droppingly incredible, but the cost is that without the discipline that teams like australia and england have, when it doesn't come together, the whole lot collapses.
you can see the figs and hill in the pictures. it looks a little smaller, but i think the character should remain.
it's really interesting to see how his trchnique has changed. initially it was almost like he was playing around his front pad as his momentum was going forward. that meant that the straight drive went towards a straight ish mid on. then you can see the shot evolve into a check drive, with his body weight going back as he meets the ball making the ball go straighter. that technique is almost as good as rahul dravid's. 
vics in the field, sky looks bleak. pattinson opens to robinson from the stanley st end. 3 slips 1 gully and a short leg. batsman not playing much.

mckay at the vulture st end.
&gt;changing 4 players for the final of the last wc

as i recall, that change was necessitated by the injury to angelo mathews. with his exit, the team lost their primary all-rounder and had to scramble to make up for him. 

also, ajantha mendis' being dropped didn't surprise me all that much - india had easily decoded him in the hundreds of odis the two teams played against each other; and once mendis is figured out, he doesn't have much of an arsenal. it made more sense to bring in a player with more experience, than persist with mendis in the hopes that the indian batsmen forgot how to play him. 
the vics have queensland 3/55 at lunch on day one. still shellshocked from the [weekend's one dayer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9enigczqt1a).

[and queensland have employed a camera man.](http://www.cricket.com.au/video/live-video) bonus! 
hey, wait, so - what did i miss - when did overseas players start playing in sheffield shield? 

has this been happening for a while and i've been living under a rock?
which overseas players?
okay - just tests though:
b taylor
c gayle
v kohli
h amla
m jayawardene
s al-hasan
m prior
t southee
s ajmal
j pattinson
g dockrell

alright, thats the 10 test teams plus ireland represented, and its a pretty good side i'd wager. the bowling is a little weak, but on a turning track would be nigh on unplayable. this was fun.
botha - captaining south australia
not true, sometimes the crowds are really good at the basin reserve in nz, arguably the best ground in the world. 

for that to happen though, a certain number of criteria must be met, such as a) it being a weekend, b) it not being a shitty day and c) the opposition not being bangladesh or zimbabwe.
weird, this is the first time i have seen it. it may just be rare because shield players are not particularly well payed.
didn't south africa say they pretty much didn't need him anymore?

anyhow, i can't find anything about the amount of international players a team can field. 
but he was a playing member of the serth efrican t20 squad and party to tour england when he was picked as captain from what i read in this [article.](http://www.espncricinfo.com/australia/content/story/570777.html)

i just honestly thought that there were restrictions on internationals in the sheffield, because if there weren't you think there'd be more playing. 
there are only six teams and it's bloody tough to get a spot in a team.  at the risk of sounding like a biased australian (ya cunt), there has not been much space for second xi international players in the shield.
i remember hearing during the world t20 that it was his last tour with south africa and he's now completely committing himself to play for south australia.

i assume he has dual citizenship etc. as well
carn a vics! [queensland rolled for 149](https://twitter.com/bushrangers/status/255884942779772928)
tassie are 3/374! punter's even getting in on the action. hopefully this means another good year for the tigers. however, getting runs against the redbacks in adelaide has never been the biggest challenge. 
i'll ask it here rather than make a new thread...

how come bowlers in the one dayers can bowl more than 10 overs now?

http://www.espncricinfo.com/australia-domestic-2012/engine/current/match/576115.html
none that i've seen. i too, have ashes 2009 (i think, it may '08, pretty sure it's '09 though). if you have it on xbox, pm me your gamertag &amp; maybe we could have a match someday!

and devastated. holland didn't even get a bowl, but it looks a pretty good pitch. it wasn't as though the ball hooped around early and much of siddle's work was just getting a bit of lift out of it. the idea of having 5 bowlers will be tested later as the pitch could flatten right out.
ah that would have been sweet, but unfortunately i play on pc

probably not because of what was said but who said it.
international cricket captain is essential if you like the management, coaching or captaincy elements of the sport. they don't have an enormous budget but they improve it just a little every year.

as for games about actually playing the sport, i've barely touched one since the entertaining but glitchy cricket 2002.

i still maintain the best i've played was super international cricket.
i have internation cricket 2010 for ps3. great game, i'd definitely recommend it. the only problem is that they only got the licensing for the australia and england teams, so they're the only ones with real players - although their likenesses are really excellent, they look so much like the actual players. but all the other international sides have players like sanjay tomdulkar or shane chimderpaul.

i really wish the developers these days would keep updating new player rosters as dlc. it kinda sucks to have a team of real player lookalikes and then generic faces for the younger custom players.
its a rule that was kept after the 2011 season where they went mental with the rule changes (think split innings of 20+25 overs, 12 players per team). 

it would seem that the senseless rules from last season have been scrapped, with only a couple of rules (such as bowlers can bowl 12 overs each, with 2 bouncers per over) being kept for this season.
any vic supporters know if mcc members can walk into shield games at the g?
damn, seriously strong looking victorian shield team. love the shield matches before the australian summer, talent, talent everywhere.
3:36 jesus christ ganguly, who taught you how to dress? channeling some 90s rappers are we?

edit: also lol @ 7:20 guy with sign reading curry flavor worries aussies. 
cosgrove's looked good in his couple of games. hopefully for him this'll be one of those seasons where he realises his potential.
jon holland bowled 13 overs..
he captaining the south australian bbl side, wasn't sure he was playing shield matches too though.
how about that. they didn't even get to holland! and isn't hastings doing well! gee, him and al mcdermott can't be much further down the list than starc and cummins in the line for test representation.
it used to be more common. sobers was long associated with sa in the 60s, botham at qld in 87-88, viv richards and holding at tassie and garner at sa in 82-83, imran khan at nsw 84-85. jeff crowe also played a lot for sa.

basically it came to be seen as treasonous to recruit a player like this and it stopped happening.
i remember viv richards playing for queensland for a good while. don't know if that means anything...
they got rid of over limits a year or two ago i think. i don't mind it - you lose the tactical element of captaincy that requires you to think about your order of bowlers, but you get that extra bit of exposure during different parts of the innings if you're a bowler who is being watched for international duties.
botha was signed by south australia with the intention of him captaining in all 3 formats.he'd previously played for the redbacks in the bigbash but is a strictly overseas player. it's rare for overseas players to play in the shield but as has been said that might be due to the (relatively) poor pay and career prospects compared to say, county cricket for australians. 
bummer!
yeah - i remember that - but they definitely changes the rules back in the 80s to make the whole league 100% domestic, so everyone playing in it was elligible for the australian test team.
yeah, and you can always get a spot on the long room couch.
yep. to have such bowling depth was completely unexpected a few seasons ago and damn exciting now.
fyi for the links in this topic - the ones given are for cricinfo that do session updates only.

live ball-by-ball commentary is available on cricket.com.au:

[sa v tas](http://livescores.cricket.com.au/commentary_2794_5.html)

[qld v. vic](http://livescores.cricket.com.au/commentary_2794_6.html)
vics seem to have fallen in a heap.
bugger.
"have you ever thought thought giving chucking a go, johan?"
i have ashes 2009 and 2010... essentially the same game.

i was wondering, who actually bowls in these games? 
i remember hansie cronje once hit 3 successive sixes to win a match for us, what a big deal that was back in the day. yep, times have changed
chuka..chuka..
6/103.
seven 6's in an innings of 85 in a shield game, that is just short of 50% of ponting's runs through 6's, wonder how many times that has happened before in the 4 day format
spoke too soon.
has cameron white made any substantial amount of runs within the last two years? been out of form for way too long.
nice. just hope they have at least one bar open, although that would be a given.
ahah super international cricket, you could always walk across the stumps and play a glance for 4 each time. great game.
shane warne cricket 99 will always be the greatest cricket game ever made.
with practice, you could hit most balls for six straight over long leg or deep third man. the fun part is, it involved walking almost as far from your stumps as possible before making the shot.
i remember getting our numerous times hitting the wall onto the stumps.
your typo amuses me.
urgh. it's too late to change now, it must remain like that.
me! i love bowling! especially in easy difficulty, you pick up heaps of wickets and today i made 400+ in 20 overs
international cricket 2010 is bullshit. i've had the opposition hook my yorkers for 6, and front foot drive my bouncers for 4.

the two best games in my opinion are brian lara 05 and cricket captain
i wonder how many times ponting himself has done something similar at adelaide. he loves that ground.
is it available in america? i'm trying to learn more about the game and would love to play some vidya cricket. 

edit: all i can find are pal versions of ashes 09 and ic 2010. i guess we americans are out of luck.
oh yeah, you get that bullshit, but i've found there's silliness like that in every cricket game. and the batting and bowling mechanics are the best out of the 4 or 5 cricket games i've owned.
ipl yeah, but i get the feeling that doesn't count :p
jeez, 400+ is not too shabby at all!

i've tried bowling on medium, but i get hammered when not bowling the standard line and length.
on a similar note, how much are shield games for non-members usually? i want to hit up an scg game this season.
i didn't know either of those things, that starts to make more sense.
or, ...
"why do you need such a long run up to chuck, johan?"
i'd say brian lara 05 was better. it was more basic, but there was none of this silliness that you get in ic 2010
that's not a good argument though. you're saying  "sometimes the crowds are really good  at this one stadium, if criteria x, y and z are met."

i'm talking about general crowds. that's why england comes out on top. against all opposition, weekdays and in most weather conditions, you get big crowds.
the older lineup definitely had a more conventional batting lineup if i remember rightly, but would the modern lineup be more a reflection of the evolution of the game? it's not uncommon to have fewer specialist batsmen and more all-rounders making up the middle order.
and i'm talking about the great undefinable magic of test cricket, something which much of it, sadly, now lacks. it is possible, at the basin, to have a truly perfect day. at how many other grounds can that be said?
yeah there was a year where someone or a couple of someones could bowl 12 or something, but last year it was just unlimited. i think it's a great experiment because whenever you talk about this sort of thing  in internationals, someone will say "but teams will just stack their side with batsmen/allrounders/boogeymen/bradmans". what it actually means is that teams try to pick their 4 best bowlers and one or two to bowl part time; it's not really a divergent strategy, just different tactics. the shitty part-timers aren't a crutch. batsmen can't expect to get 10 overs of rubbish and fielding teams don't have to push through 10 overs like it's paperwork.

and in terms of domestic cricket and development, it means maximising the quality contests given the player pool.

i find it to be the core problem with twenty20. if you can see off 12 good balls, you are good enough to play dale steyn. well okay, what if he was allowed to bowl 60 at you? it's not game breaking, but it would be pretty interesting (and occasionally funny) if it was impossible to see off a bowler without bashing them around, by actually having to defeat the opponent. and a lot of the time, wickets would be pretty conducive to that. you'd still need your spare part bowlers; in truth, someone like steyn probably wouldn't be asked to bowl more than 8 overs; but there'd be a few more contests. the game would equalise beyond one where opening batsmen can score hundreds and opening bowlers can take 4 wickets if they've eaten all their weetbix.
the key is to bowl outside off and full for a while, get them uncomfortable then strike!
about $5
still a strong team on paper, but, to use an expression which makes little sense, that's the way the cookie crumbles. they played like shit against a bowling attack that is not exactly weak. however, the worst case scenario is being short about 40.
not really. last first class hundred was against the england xi, on a distinctly pudding based surface. it must be said though he did extremely well for somerset without ever really being an overwhelming domestic player in australia.
anywhere in england and australia i think.

to be honest i can't comment too much. i don't know much about the basin. 
yeah yeah, that is funny, but even if you consider him a chucker, remember that it's only his doosra that has ever been deemed illegal and he stopped bowling that in 2009. 

i also don't think that there's a doosra bowler in the world who hasn't been accused of chucking at some stage. 

a more legitimate criticism and a fairly common sentiment here in sa is that botha "can't even turn a doorknob". even that is not entirely fair though. he definitely turned a few in sri lanka during the world t20. 

he's also got enough variation in line, length, flight and pace that he can be tricky to play even when he's not turning the ball at all.


that headline is a bit misleading (post and article), as it says in the article the umpires concerned aren't contracted by the icc and therefore it is the 3 national boards that have suspended the umpires.
good point, modern lineups need batting depth and all round flexibility. the sri lankan team that took the field last sunday had no fewer than 8 bowling options (dilshan, j mendis, perera, mathews, a mendis, kulesekera, malinga and dananjaya) and batting to the number 8 position. the west indies likewise (gayle, samuels, bravo, pollard, russell, sammy, narine, rampaul, badree). the 1996 team however, did have 2 valuable all rounders in their top order in jayasuriya and de silva with dharmasena at the rear of the lineup to add depth to the batting and also contribute on the bowling front. though it must be stressed that these spin-bowling all rounders were not of great use outside of asia. 
not a video game, but [from the pavilion](http://www.fromthepavilion.org/) is a really good online cricket management game. pretty much you have a club, play a few matches (simulated in real time) against other teams in your leagues a week, there's a transfer market and weekly trainings. it's got a good amount of depth and the other teams are always good for some banter.

i've been playing for a while so if you check if out and want some help, send me a message on reddit and i'll sort ya out.
obv he is buky doing oppan gangnam style
are the teams made of international players? i'm on mobile otherwise i would've checked it out fully.
nah, it's randomly generated players when you create your team (the players are pretty crap in the beginning).
what platform are you looking to play on? ps3s will take any region from what i know and you can always download a copy for pc, not that i'm encouraging it
i have a 360 with a live account, major bummer. what are the best cricket games on pc and where might i download them? i don't have a great gaming pc so i'd really prefer 360. :-\
what are you on about boy?!
too much t20. i'm saturated. 
you mean brian lara cricket.

yep!
nopes, not watching. 
i'll watch auckland play. look like they're about to take out hampshire, but otherwise the tournament doesn't interest me at all.

as i write this azhar mahmood is having an absolute blinder.
i'm watching, but mainly because espn3 is streaming it in the us and i need more cricket to watch while i should be working.
lol why watch a tournament designed like this? so eerily similar to the world t20, teams having to qualify while others get an automatic entry, i find it hilarious that just because sa, india, and aus are the brainchild of the tournament that they get auto qualified, i dont understand why everyone isnt qualified at the start, would make it a much more even tournament. rubbish in my eyes, im waiting for next test series.
yup, i am. alan wilkins on cricket extras right now.
yeah. can never quite work out how i feel about the tournament. on the one hand, the concept of the best county level teams playing each other should be awesome. then you deal with the controversy: auto qualification; additional foreign players; india getting first pick of internationals.

yet it can also be quite fun when a non favourite team does well and proves a team can be more than the sum of its parts. maybe it's just the somerset supporter in me, but the year they made it deep into the tournament, they had no right (they were playing a keeper who they had to unretire to play, lost their big names to ipl teams and the captain/star batsman/awesome force that is trescothick didn't go. 

and yet they still made the semi's (i think - may have been quarters!) either way, i'll watch it just to see if we get another story like that again. i'd tip yorkshire to give it a shot but that may well curse them.
&gt; india getting first pick of internationals.

india doesn't. the players get to choose what team they play for.
it was nice to see azhar mahmood play cricket again, brings back some nice memories 
auckland aces have looked good and so have the pitches. won't be surprised if a few big stars were embarrassed against fast bowling later.

any idea what azhar mehmood's status is currently? he played in the ipl too (while no other pakistanis did). is he eligible for england now?
3 pakistani players, i had to laugh but it's true. if even one of those guys had performed throughout the tournament we should have won, especially afridi.

also i think the problem with amla is that his temperament is ill suited to t20 cricket, he looks much more comfortable playing odi and tests.
i think the idea is brilliant and for teams like auckland, somerset, t&amp;t etc. its good money and exposure for their players.

the organizers are stupid to think that indian fans would love watching a tournament where the dice is loaded in favor of the ipl teams. they should try and make the tournament more competitive and not lesser so.
i don't know what's the actual politics behind this clt20 format but all the champions of the domestic leagues of the world should be in the second round, automatically, with the runner ups of every league fighting to qualify for the second round.
i stand corrected. could have sworn pollard had something in his contract about having to play for mi and not another team if they made it through.

then again, with the money available, it amounts to pretty much the same thing.
far to soon after the wc. domestic cricket has lesser importance compared with international cricket. right now, i'm a little done with it all.
actually you were right. the ipl teams get their pick of the players. their contracts include a clause which allows ipl teams to get first choice in picking them for tournaments like these. (in case they are not picked then they are free to represent other teams)

however, i think the players could simply opt out of that clause. i don't think the cl20 is such a big deal that if a valuable player like watson asked to be exempt from the clause, he'd not get picked for an ipl team.

honestly though - most players would prefer to play for their ipl teams because their match fee is bound to be higher. 
 
obviously good exposure for domestic teams, but not starting them off on a level playing field is a ridiculous idea, cant really crown a team "best t20 team in the world" when most of them play less matches to get there
yep, i agree that with the money involved players often choose ipl teams.

but i felt the difference was big enough to be stated. the players aren't forced to play for the ipl teams. free will and all that jazz.


is there a downvoting bot on /r/cricket or is it just someone with lots and lots of time?

in answer to your question, it really irritates me when a batsman doesn't walk when he's quite clearly out. 

i'm aware this isn't exactly gamesmanship and that the vast majority of batsman won't move and it is the exception rather than the rule that someone does, but it would probably send the older commentators into paroxyms of spontaneous orgasm if it started to become commonplace.

so, in summary: it would be nice if everyone was nice.
i hope you are joking. some teams might be good in their respective domestic leagues but they won't stand a chance against some major teams. moreover, you can't just let a substandard team qualify directly into the tournament while some other quality teams playing in much tougher leagues being unable to enter.

secondly, coming to the money aspect, it makes sense for the clt20 stakeholders to have more than one team in league and allowing them direct entry else they won't be able to generate revenues.

if all countries/boards want a fair share in the tournament, they should acquire a stake in the league first.

edit: i don't know why i'm getting downvoted for making a valid point, i'll say it again. **if a board wants its local teams to be given direct entry to the tournament then they should buy a stake in the league first. if not, it basically suggests they are trying to benefit from someone else's work while not sharing any liability if the tournament goes under.**
there were about 100 people in the stadium yesterday. there's a reason why it was empty. 
'96 world cup man, that made me his fan and a follower of cricket. i used to turn off the tv even as a kid when he got out. i still remember the 90 against australia in that world cup. fucking mark waugh scored a century and got his wicket in that match. the semi final heartbreak was too much for me then, but it all mended last year, incidentally against the same team that kicked our asses. it was so nice to see the master finally become the world champion that he deserved to be.
to me, it's the off drive off brett lee. funny, i always liked his on drives more.
dat swagger after the hit.
&gt; is there a downvoting bot on [1] /r/cricket or is it just someone with lots and lots of time?

i hear you, jimmy boy. but it has made me upvote a lot more than i used to. just to piss of that asshole(s?) that we are more in number than them.
i'll be a happy man if they get rid of this tournament and reduce the number of ipl games by half.

edit: the reason why i think clt20 is boring is because, no south african would want to see sialkot stalions playing auckland aces. i know i wouldn't if they were to play in chennai.
i think a whole generation of us growing up turned our tv's off when he got out. 
*"it was so nice to see the master finally become the world champion that he deserved to be."* amen brother amen.
i cried (yes i am admitting it openly) when kohli said 'he's carried the burden of the nation on his shoulders, its time for us to carry him'
i wasnt watching until you reminded me about espn3 streaming it. thank you for ruining my work schedule !! 
exactly this !! 
watch it!
1.non-striker backing up too much giving an unfair advantage.

2.switch-hit : i know it is not exactly gamesmenship but this completely makes the field set up moot and bowler completely confused. 

3.pausing before the ball delivery used to irk me but i am all for it now because it benefits the bowler.

i am sure there are a quite a few, but of the top of my head:

- bowler intentionally blocking the runner by getting in his line. they do a good job acting like they are not but its quite apparant.

- batsmen deliberately running down the middle of the pitch to rough it up for their bowlers.

- worst and the cheapest is a bowler deliberately bowling a no-ball when defeat is imminent to deny the batsman a personal milestone. (randiv bowling a no-ball to end the game when sehwag was on 99 still rankles me).

why? i assume it holds no cultural or historical import other than to be an easily interpreted shorthand for how everyone and everything in the world is becoming increasingly infantilised. also, as much of a great cricket player chris gayle is, i've seen his tweets about music etc and i'm pretty sure that our tastes are worlds apart.

i know this sounds snobbish. i'm not going to apologise for that one bit. :)
1. can be countered by mankading. it irks me no end when the bowler legitimately mankads and the captain recalls the batsman "in the spirit of the game".

2. as a bowler, i wouldn't be worried too much by it. batsman is taking a bigger risk.

3. agreed

regarding the switch-hit, it was discussed and banning it was mooted, but it was left as is because of the difficulty factor. only a few batsmen in the world can do it consistently. i expect more will come out of the woodwork as the popularity of t20 increases and then they might have to reassess.
&gt;randiv bowling a no-ball to end the game when sehwag was on 99 still rankles me

that was pretty ridiculous and the fact that dilshan the 'experienced' player asking him to do that was what made the bad taste worse.


[sangakkara apologized later  and the sl  cricket board instituted an investigation.  dont think anything came of it.](
http://www.rediff.com/cricket/report/randivs-no-ball-was-not-right-sangakkara/20100818.htm)


the music video is really funny. that's really why it went viral. it is definitely worth watching because the video is silly and very entertaining. 
i like his on-the-rise punches through covers the most. aesthetics. 
i hate music like gangam style. it was catchy the first few times, now it's annoying. i'd recommend that you just watch it, simply to escape the world of naivety and ignorance on this matter ;)
i am a man of *principle*, sir.
read: http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/08/gangnam-style-dissected-the-subversive-message-within-south-koreas-music-video-sensation/261462/
to hear about any suicide is terrible, its compounded when it is young people.  spare a thought for the family , how devastating would it have been to learn about this ? and how much of a blow would it be to the psyche when you find out that it was for something , in the large scheme of things, something as trivial as a game of cricket.

and to parrot [u/dave_za](http://www.reddit.com/user/dave_za) its absolutely fucking ridiculous.

 
apparently 2 people disagree with you 

i think drs will make more batsmen walk. i've only seen 4-5 instances of a batsman staying on after loudly knicking a ball, however. some of those faint ones, maybe its hard for them to tell as well?
1. yeah its quite a double standard that backing up is not considered cheating but if a runner gets mankaded its against the 'spirit of cricket'.

2. i think the switch hit takes some skill to execute, so i think its legit. i like that the icc has ruled that you can be adjudged lbw if the ball pitches outside your leg, if you're reversing/switch hitting. that evens things out

3. again - very few bowlers can do it effectively. hence its not really unethical, in my opinion
but i would think that knowledge is better than ignorance. what possible principle are you compromising by watching the video? 
i'm sure this is a valid interpretation of the video, i'm certain it isn't the only one.

a lot of the assertions start with "i think", which in no way diminishes it's validity, but it does show that others may interpret it differently.

i forgot to add...lampooning the rich isn't a new thing, i've seen it before. dickens did it, dostoevsky did it. if the country of origin of the video is the significant thing about it, then i understand...but i don't think subtlety of meaning explains its popularity.

does anyone else think it's bullshit that gambhir is in this list? he's currently world renowned for performing like a turd. 
it's a funny music video that also mocks korean yearning for a certain lifestyle. 

you can watch it, and move on with your life as most of us have done, or create silly memes to feel smug about a worthless accomplishment.
not all knowledge is better than ignorance. the *right* knowledge is better than ignorance.  i can't see any way it would benefit me to spend four minutes watching a video in which i have zero interest. i'd rather spend those four minutes reading about the capital of djibouti.


i was actually hoping to create a discussion about whether such things have a place on /r/cricket. apparently passive-aggressive digs are what i'll get though...
the amount of time you've spent in this post could be used to watch the video, just saying ;)

it's up to you mate. but it would better help you to understand the dances that everyone is doing.
well, internet discussion is always worthy, right? right?
lol.. downvoter is running amok.

someone down also got 3 downvotes for exact same statement.
- a self post titled "hey /r/cricket, is gangam style being overused here?" would have served to start a discussion, not an inane meme. 

- and looks like there was a discussion elsewhere in the thread to which you replied *"i know this sounds snobbish. i'm not going to apologise for that one bit. :)"*. that, and the other replies tell me you're just being a massive wanker, so passive-aggressive digs is all you deserve. 

a "discussion" is a conversation when 2 parties trade opinions with an open mind, and not where 1 guy goes "ha i'm awesome i'm not changing but talk to me anyway to indulge me".
all valid points, but allow me to retort:

nananananananananana.

edit: i apologise, that's juvenile.

allow me to explain my thought process.

i used a meme due to the popularity of the dance. it was an attempt at humour, again, some people will find it funny and some not.

with regard to your second point, absolutely. i agree that i'm being a massive wanker, but really, i don't understand why refusal to countenance watching this video would bother you. that comment was tongue in cheek and i'm sorry if you didn't appreciate it.

and thirdly, you may be right, i'm incredibly bored at work and i really didn't have anything better to do. even reading about the capital city of djibouti failed to get me out of my apathy, but this really has. 

i'm really just playing around for my own amusement.
oh no, i agree with you there. i merely wished to highlight the fact that the video is a little bit more than the idiocy which the media has highlighted. 
i know what it is, but i understand your post. like all virals it was funny the first few times but its gotten tedious very soon.

i gave up on the craze when espn (india) ran a promo for next week's korean gp, by calling it "formula 1, gangnam style".urgh!
i wouldn't have commented if i hadn't seen your comments to what /u/bloodandguts and /u/rahulthewall said. even if i did comment it would've been "meh, it's a funny video, no harm in watching it. there are much, much more dumb things on the internet". "bothered" is a strong word, eye-rolling is more like it. whatever man, doesn't matter - we're all going to die some day.
one more thing that i hate but may not have anything to do with gamesmanship is batsmen running for overthrows after the ball deflects off of stumps due to a direct hit.


to answer your first question, reddit's vote counting system is a bit strange with the way it allocates the user's up/down votes. so you may for instance see one of your posts with more downvotes than before, but you may also see an older post with more upvotes to balance it out. 
i should just dedicate my time to worrying about what kohli is going to do to england's bowlers in november instead of making silly self-regarding nonsense posts.  but sometimes it's fun trying to rationalise the indefensible.
i kinda agree with the counter-argumants for the switch hit, but if i happen to bowl, and the batsman switch hits, my word does it annoy the fuck out of me. it's actually quite insulting, i think. i'd rather be hit back over my head than see the batsman do that.

* oh ffs: arguments! and too many commas.
i don't know about that, i'm not using res at the moment, but this post  was downvotes within a minute or two of being posted and had only op's upvote. i think the vote/fuzzing system only comes into play after a certain (perhaps fluid) number of upvotes. i've seen numerous comments with 0 points for no apparent reason over the last few days.
i'm mainly watching to see pakistani players to be honest. it's a novelty for us to watch them in these competitions. i'm pretty biased, i'll watch anything if pakistani players are involved. i guess same for fans of other countries.
were is that?

yeah man he was one of my favorite players growing up. little known fact but wisden rated one of his test innings against south africa as one of the 10 best batting innings of all time. this was in the late 90's, he scored 130 or so against a top sa pace bowling attack.
he has british citizenship now so he is definitely eligible for england. not sure why they haven't gone for him, he's been doing extremely well in the t20 format for some time now. 

would've loved to have him on pakistan team in the world cup... really a shame a player of his caliber wasn't on any team. definitely rooting for auckland aces in this tournament now.
probably. i kind of think the increasing normalisation of checking for a front foot no ball at every wicket will encourage batsman to stick around more.

bumped catches are another tricky one. i was incredibly disappointed to see strauss claim a bumped catch, i can't recall who against, but i expected better of him.
including a few fat cheerleaders lol
it is a pretty lame thing that randiv did, but i have done my fair share of bitchy things playing cricket too lol so can't really hate
sorry rahul, it was a pretty good article. surprising amount of censorship in s. korea too.
i see what you mean. i suppose it's just an unfortunate likelihood that among the ~4000 subscribers this sub has there are bound to be a few unsavoury characters. 
dude, would you mind clarifying this a little for me? i think i might be misunderstanding what you mean.

after a direct hit, and the bails have come off, they then run for overthrows? would the ball not be dead?
like england don't get enough grief for playing players of other nations!!! (seriously though its probably because they like to keep their t20 side young and fit + samit patel)

he's been out of favor in pak for quite some time though? i don't think he played the first t20 wc as well.
be easy, there's really no 'wrong' way to play it. just have fun eh?
no. the ball hits the stumps as the batsmen comes back into his crease (therefore safe) the ball deflects and they can run again. they can still be "stumped", but now the fielding team has to knock over the stumps rather than just dislodging the bails.
i'm going to have a look on youtube, i remember a game where the wicket keeper had to remove a stump to win a 50 over match that the other team were desperately chasing.
ah. i see. that is indeed pretty despicable. thanks very much.
umm, no need to apologise dude. 
spit out some deets will ya ? :) .. still, these are professional international cricketers, you'd think there's some sort of a bro code 
:) .. yea, its not the downvote that is irksome , but the lack of a cause or explication.  i guess there may not be one other than just trolling. 
[this one?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v975idety9o) definitely bumped, but its not certain that strauss could be sure one way or the other. [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqwews8cwzq) on the other hand, is utterly inexcusable.
it irks me no end that mankading ipso facto isnt legitimate. they raise a hue and cry even if the bowler warned the batsman once, as recently happened with [murali kartik](http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2012/content/story/580122.html). the tone of the articles and events that followed was just unbelievable to me and made me think england justifiably deserves their tag of whingers.
what if shane warne had never bowled his ball of the century?

i think the worst-case scenario is that legspin bowling, or spin in general, would have taken much longer and required something else special to kick it back into fashion. warnie is credited with reinvigorating the art, after all. this is a bit extreme of course, but just food for thought.
cricket 97, without a doubt. richie benaud's commentary was great as well!
i've no idea, i'm afraid. i literally have no way to watch videos at the moment but thanks for taking the time.
i was called out on deliberately being a dick and then i felt bad!
the discussions in this thread point to the fact that we're in dire need of our daily cricket dosage. 



my inane thought of the day: i wonder how many women do we have in here.


also, fuck gangnam. where are we on the 'rightful destruction of cricinfo and establishing a new cricket-journalism regime' situation?
what do you mean by "backing up?"

excellent post machinax.  

i'd like to add one:

what if marcus trescothick hadn't been debilitated by his unfortunate illness? would england have reached number one sooner and stayed there longer? would flintoff and kp ever have been given the captaincy? would cook have got in the team? would strauss be as highly regarded as he is now or would he have maintained his form for longer. would england have capitulated in the 2006-7 ashes?

i don't know the answer to these questions but i strongly suspect that he would have been a key player in the england team the last seven years. i strongly suspect that we would be talking of him in terms of being one of england's greatest players.
this one from michael clarke annoyed me too when i watched it live http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvsaft5tnj4
if there are no one-liners containing the words 'what if'and 'ravi shastri', i'd be very disappointed.
there was a woman here, once.

let's do it: gonzo cricket journalism! not me, obviously, but those of us that can articulate stuff good.
if you ever get the chance, make it a priority to visit. sitting on grass in the sun, watching the finest sport in the world, drinking a beer. its good times bro.
&gt;there was a woman here, once.


poignant reminiscence , sir, very poignant.
what if martin crowe hadn't been injured for the '92 world cup semi-final?

edit: or if crowe had been able to play on a few more years, instead of having to retire early due to his knee.
no posts on /r/cricket get anywhere near enough upvotes for reddit's spam/voting algorithm to affect them.
if it is any consolation, i did not feel that you behaved like a dick. 
that last one. i've spent so many nights making up combinations for a brilliant team that could have been, then trying to fit in shakib alhasan just to be completely fair.
i'll take your word for it, in truth the only thing i understand about it is that it's rather difficult to understand. 
that is a big consolation indeed!
&gt;*it really irritates me when a batsman doesn't walk when he's quite clearly out.*

i actually think that there are some occasions when the batsmen just isn't sure, and won't walk because he doesn't know if that sound/vibration was something else.

there's that famous video on youtube of a county game in which a bowler bowls a rather wide bouncer at the batsman, whose bat is nowhere near the ball. the slips appeal for a catch and eventually the umpire gives the batsman out. the batsman walks off immediately without complaint. in that instance the batsman, the umpire and the slips heard *something* and never had a decent view of the ball's distance from the bat, which was why they appealed and why the batsman immediately walked. but the video told another story.
yup. if they aren't going to have the umpires police the batsmen backing up too far then people need to get over mankading. its not against the spirit of the game. its there for a reason.

not mankading is as ridiculous as not trying to run out someone stealing a base in baseball would be.
i think that strauss one is close enough for there to be doubt from everyone. imagine strauss said it bounced but replays showed it didn't, that would be crazy. i don't think that's an example of cheating, he probably thought he'd caught it. 

the prior one i don't understand at all. at first i thought he was going for the stumping but from the side view that doesn't make sense. it makes even less sense to try to pretend he'd been bowled in a match with cameras everywhere. 
i've never seen it, either. also, fuck that stupid bear. 
as a tip for those of us who play the game, when backing up its not always wise to be directly behind the stumps, sometimes on a slight angle is better, so if the ball does deflect you can still get to it but also still stop the ball if it carries on straight.

of course you would ideally want another player backing up on the oposite angle.

something to think about.
what if warne had been given the captaincy would australia have been more creative and less ruthless?
non-striker starting to move down the wicket before the ball is released, thereby getting a head start.  the field are most likely to return to the keeper's end, so it's good to get a bit of a run up to get there in time.  but imho according to the strict rules, if you're out of the crease and the bails go down, you're out, nuff said.  i used to play a lot of indoor cricket (granted, a totally different game), and it added an interesting tactical layer
what if kasprowicz had been given not out at edgbaston in 2005. no obes, ponting hailed as great, no false renaissance of english cricket.....
what if kerry packer's world series cricket had never taken place? this has the potential to change quite a few things about the game today:

- would night cricket be as popular, or even exist? this was introduced during world series cricket
- would one day cricket be as popular, or even exist? although it was first played in england (and the first world cup was played before wsc) it was arguably popularised by wsc with day/night matches. 
- and then if odis had not become popular, it's likely t20 cricket wouldn't exist at all. test cricket might have ended up being the only form played regularly. 
- would the players be as fit and professional (in general) in their approach to the game? i was reading that fitness levels had to lift dramatically in world series cricket to cope with a much tighter schedule.
- other things introduced in wsc: coloured uniforms, much improved tv broadcasting with camera angles etc, much different approach to marketing and merchandising, and higher player salaries.

it could be argued that a lot of the above may have happened anyway as the game (and the world) modernised, but that's another "what if" question. i certainly think the approaches to marketing, fitness, tv broadcasts, and player salaries would likely have changed anyway if wsc didn't exist as the game would likely become more professional naturally. to me the biggest unknown is what the effect on odi and t20 cricket would be.

secondary answer: what if south africa were not excluded from world cricket for years because of apartheid? many many more great matches i'm sure.
would it irritate you if a batsman stood his ground after been given out? i think it's the same thing - leaving it in the hands of the umpire. seems a little counterproductive to me to accept the decisions that go against you but then walk when you get one that goes your way.

 also i often wondered why the fielding side gets angry at the batsman when they don't walk but will appeal for a decision dozens or more time during a game when it is clearly not out. 
i have no issue with players who don't walk for nicks to the keeper. the umpire is there to make the decision and if the opposing team doesn't like it, they can use the drs. 

the only occasion a batsman should walk is when an fielder claims a catch close to the ground. if the fielder is certain they've caught it, that should be good enough. 
what if kasprowicz's gloved ball had cleared the keepers head and gone for four (or if it wasn't given out on account of the glove not being on the bat). that one ball could have changed the entire 2005 ashes series. 

edit: isthisusernamecooler beat me to it.
every bloody protea batsman.
have you checked the xbox live marketplace for ashes cricket? i haven't checked it either, but you may be able to download it there...
or if he got one more run at the basin vs sl (thereby knocking off the triple hundred)?
would that result have boosted the confidence of the next generation of battler kiwis?
i'm sure stuart mcgill asks himself every day "what if shane warne had not been born", he would have taken 500 test wickets.
play on the hard sand!
i feel bad for all the benched australian bowlers of the 2000s. bichel, kasporwicz, and bracken would of been spearheading any other team's bowler attack. unfortunately they had to compete with gillespie, mcgrath, lee. 
what if tendulkar had stuck to playing tennis? would the current crop of indian players be any different?
imagine a team with akram and younis and tendulkar and inzy!!!
what if sangakkara was not given out @ 192 against aus in aus...would sri lanka have won the game? ...god what did that ump have to give him out :(
not sure where you guys will stand on this, but i really don't think cheeky stumpings, like prior to morkel in the last test series, are really in the spirit of the game.

in case you didn't see it, what happened was morkel played a forward defensive to the spinner, and kept his pose and balance for a couple of seconds, then slightly lifted his back foot as he went to take up his batting stance again. as he did, prior, who had been holding the ball, waiting, took the bails off. 

morkel did not leave his crease at all in playing the shot, or fall over after the shot, he just thought the ball was probably dead.

just didn't seem very sporting.
what if darrell hair hadn't been one of the umpires the the oval in 2006? would another umpire have made the same call?
on a similar note, i've always wondered why a batsman wouldn't disrupt the stumps during his run. for example, you hit the ball to long on/long off, you're running a quick first, ground the bat and slide it into the base of the stumps at the non-striker's end and take a second run. the bails being off means the fielders must uproot a stump while contacting it with the ball, so your batting partner would have more time to make the second run, and you'd be running to a less dangerous end. 

clearly it's a violation of the spirit of the game, but i'm surprised it hasn't been tried
well, that decision didn't really have an impact on *world* cricket, i don't think. 
i was you until 5 mins ago. the video is stupid and the song ridiculous. you're not missing much. 
it didnt...but just something i would have liked to see
what if shane bond? fuck, imagine his career minus injury.
usually see around 3 or 4 a year, depending on how many international matches are in wellington. occasionally go down and see a first-class domestic match at the basin which are free, but they're often only on weekdays.
would've rivalled dale steyn as the best fast bowler in the world. thankgod youtube is around to showcase how good he was, and how great he could've been minus injury.
if south africa had beaten australia in the 99 world cup semi, would they have gained the confidence to be able to win other final from them on?
maybe. i mean, this whole psychological block about choking in elimination games stems from the 1999 semi-final. 

had they not panicked in that one game, who knows? 
what if shane warne hadn't tried to bring up his century in style and gone out on 99?
probably ex cricketers who downvote you if you say something bad about them, i'm looking at you ian healy!
a nation weeps. admittedly he wouldn't have had as much support, but vettori, mills at the top of their game with bond would have been a scary lineup in odis, and martin a useful foil in tests.
kyle mills was still bowling quite well last night for auckland. new zealand probably need a couple of strong batsman though, perhaps williamson and taylor are it.
glad brad hogg is there, should never have been given another game for australia. he was a gimmick selection, albeit an okay bowler, in the big bash league, and that's all that should have happened.
first innings points!

wade batting for his test spot. siddle just being siddle. 
what if glen mcgrath hadn't picked up that freak injury that kept him out of the second test of the 2005 ashes series?

i reckon the result could have been very different- that 2 run victory that swung the second test most likely wouldn't have happened unless a more economical and effective bowler hadn't stepped on a ball during practice and been out for the rest of the series.
spoke too soon too soon: first innings lead!
just bought my tickets for the first 2 days of the boxing day test today. on average go to a day of cricket once every 2-3 years. 
what if graham thorpe's wife hadn't decided to find other entertainment while he was playing overseas, thereby bringing an end to the career of one of england's most reliable and, at the time, exciting (at least on the cricket field) batsmen? 

admittedly he was replaced my pietersen's brilliant stroke-play but that may have been the cause of the problem in the first place.
i don't think it would have made that much of a difference. he took fucking loads of other wickets besides gatting's with deliveries every bit as good.
what if tony grieg hadn't been a mouthy twat when he was england captain and said they'd make the west indies grovel?
i try to make a match each summer, it takes about that long to forget that the food and drink is overpriced, the seats are uncomfortable and that i'm required to wear pants for the entire day.
i still remember richardson (i think) turning around and doing that bow to the crowd after he caught him. laughed so hard at that.
great idea for a thread!

[what if shane warne had held on to that simple slip catch from pietersen when he was on 15 during the final game of the 2005 ashes at the oval?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqivum9cymw&amp;t=2m5s)

pietersen went on to make an imperious 158 - his first test century - taking the game well out of reach of the aussies and sealing england's victory in one of the best test series ever.

i honestly think that given the situation in the game at that point (england very much struggling), if they'd removed pietersen that early the aussies would have bowled england out for very little and knocked off whatever lead they made very quickly, won the match, drawn the series 2-2, and retained the ashes.
gotta love him
what if bradman had got the four runs he needed off his last innings and kept a 100+ average?
that morkel stumping was ridiculous. if that carries on, it will come to a stage where umpires have to shout 'dead ball' after every delivery so batsmen can move their feet again.

(video for those who're wondering what we're on about: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrq0id6nk44)

moreover, i'm not a fan of any stumpings where the batsmen is considered 'out' if his foot is in the air, even if his backfoot never went outside the crease. 
would that have changed world cricket (or the development/progression/evolution of the game) somehow? 
i think we live in a better world because of it. warnie doesn't go on about it like he would, we don't get as much of "isn't warnie a great all rounder" as we would and finally as much as i love australia and warnie doing well (loveable scamp) there's a certain schadenfreude in watching him come so close.

he'll still be the greatest spinner of all time. ^^^^^^^^^that's ^^^^^^^^^one ^^^^^^^^^for ^^^^^^^^^the ^^^^^^^^^easily ^^^^^^^^^offended.
the problem i have that is in the cricket season i'm normally playing cricket rather than watching it. i went to the last ashes and loved it, and part of the world cup too. i'm going to india in november for one of the tests there, so hopefully i'll start to see things a bit more regularly.
yeah not just shane bond but the icl overall cost nzl cricket a few good years. they're only just starting to piece a competitive team together.


what if wasim akram had played in the 1996 wc ~~semi~~  quarter finals? that was a turning point in the india-pak cricket rivalry and (arguably) the win boosted cricket in india overall.
the black caps normally play at least 1 game of each format at a stadium about 15 minutes drive from my house every summer. i go to all of them if i can
what if cricket had remained popular in the usa?  this may not be from recent history, but i can't think of anything else that could have changed the history of the game as much as that.  it would have probably ruined it with drugs, ridiculous paychecks and ... i just realised that all i know about baseball is that some players get paid more than entire teams in the same league, and that a lot of players have problems with steroids.
de hoop nature reserve, western cape, south africa. lovely place

i am planning to go to the england test at the basin reserve next year. woop
when there's a decent domestic match up my end of the state (tasmania) i'll attend -- but usually they go to hobart. when hobart gets an international, i try quite hard to attend, with my kids.
thank you for posting a england related comment that would actually have meant something to world cricket. far too many people have been posting ashes related material that would really only affect the relationship between eng and aus. 

as for your questions - trescothick, on his most recent form/form before he stopped playing international cricket, would have waltzed into this england team. not sure how cook would've made it into the team, but to me, he's a better opener than strauss so perhaps strauss would not even be in the team, or he would play lower down the order. 
what if trevor chappell didn't bowl underarm against nz?
in early 2006 he was rubbed out because his off breaks were illegal. he came back at the end of 2006.

in 2009, concern was expressed over his doosra and quicker ball. it was then that he was suspended from bowling doosras, although i can assure you he has bowled them since.
what if kp was not welcomed back to the england team and therefore chose to play for south africa?
yeah, nada. oh well.
what if the bodyline series never happened, would teams still employ occasional "leg theory" tactics?
i can attempt to answer the what if pakistan had beaten india in the 2007 world t20 final...

the ipl would probably not exist. even if it did, it wouldn't be as big a deal as it is now.
this
on the contrary. a few years beck there was either an english or nz player that knew they hit the ball were given out but reviewed because they knew/guess that the knick was light enough to not be seen on hotspot and not be out. 
i'm a bit of a cricket tragic, and i love the atmosphere at the ground. i try to get to every international match at home, and am even happy to head in on my own if i have to (with a portable radio for abc grandstand). not so keen on domestic matches, but i've been to a few of the big bash t20 games with friends even though it's my least preferred format.
i attend a day or two once a year in cape town.  any format but preferably odis because of all the drinking/olé olé olé 'ing/mexican waving/beercup snaking and other ruckus.
i go to the domestic cricket a fair bit, it's a decent standard with minimal crowd annoyance factor. 
what if india was never colonized by the british ?
agreed, there are bucketloads of amazing warne deliveries out there, i'm not sure missing just one would make tooo much difference.

probably better to ask what if warnie hadn't ended up playing cricket at all but instead had gone on to play afl for st kilda like he dreamed of doing? 
i'm an adelaide oval member, so i try to get to all the international games that happen there.
i prefer watching test cricket at newlands, on the grass at the railway side, with the castle stand just behind us.    
i normally watch the 'new years' test. going again this year.
he wouldn't have made the team, would've been a nobody.  
his batting only developed while playing county cricket after clive rice suggested he focus more on batting, less on bowling.
i'll go whenever they have them in auckland, but we only get limited overs matches here nowadays unfortunately.  i'd love to go to a test, even if it was just for a couple of the days
well, did they really fail to live up to the reputation?  
i mean when the pressure was on, they did what comes naturally.
a lot.

the boxing day test, a few one dayers, a couple of days of the shield and any that happen to swing by canberra.

it's one of my favourite things to do.
i usually attend at least one match when india tours australia. 
i saw one day of england vs west indies at lords' and one of england vs sa at headingley, this year, but i'll try to see more. the prices at lords' are prohibitive, even though it's a short bus ride from my current place. three tickets to sa at headingley cost slightly more than one ticket for one day at lords.
awesome thread - some of mine

a) what if don bradman had actually hit those 4 runs? 

b) what if don had toured the subcontinent - would his average be any different?

c) what if india hadn't won the '83 world cup? would we still be the same cricket crazy country we are?

d) what if zaheer khan hadn't sprained his hamstring on the first day at lords - would that have had any impact in how india fared against england and aussies (my personal opinion is that zaheer's injury directly impacted the first game, but there on, the mental block took over and every loss only cascaded the mental block further. maybe india would have given a better fight during the season - maybe we wouldn't have played the worst cricket of all time to have lost the number 1 position). 
what if the u.s. played cricket?
i grew up in smaller towns which didn't have any stadium. the closest i remember to going to a match was when i was 11 and sachin tendulkar had come to town to play a charity - my neighbour used to do a bit of radio commentary back then, but he dumped me for his own cricket-clueless daughter at the last minute. 

my first ever match was the 7th odi between india and australia in mumbai (the match where a few spectators got arrested for monkey gestures at symonds). i've watched a handful of matches since then, the last being the india-wi encounter at chennai during wc '11

edit : downvoting, really? 
iirc, it was a choice between thorpe and ian bell for a place and they went with bell as a long term decision. bit wobbly at first but it was a good choice. 
also, it pisses me off that there is no international cricket during this period. they have to clear ftp for a domestic (you can call it that at best) tournament that is completely biased.
same, unfortunately there is only two internationals at adelaide this season due to the redevelopment. feels bad man.
and domestic cricket that stops international cricket to be played :/
prices here are a bit prohibitive, but i tend to see a couple of matches a year.
been to every boxing day test match since around 2003-04 - am a mcc (melbourne cricket club) member. used to go all five days when my grandfather was alive, just doesn't feel the same now. but def go day one.... love my cricket.
used to watch at newlands when i could, now watch at lords and the oval. lords is great, here is a photo from my last trip - seats in front. twas excellent: http://imgur.com/egr2z
was going to post, what if gibbs held that catch.
i got it from the xbox live marketplace to download. you should try that. 
well, hello there
view from the [grass](http://imgur.com/a/vl71p#0) at newlands on railway side, sa vs india 2011.  
in the back is part of the members pavillion, wynberg end. 
this. i absolutely hate this. happened more than once in the india-west indies series last year. it's basically uprooting the stumps every other time to see if they get lucky once.
you're missing a certain flag next to your name, brother!

i was at the basin that day, i must've been nine years old.  i remember md crowe was not in a good mood and he swore a lot
i heard somebody (can't remember who) on radiosport say that he smashed his bat in the changing rooms afterwards.
i don't see anything. i'm guessing there are separate marketplaces for pal and ntsc. i might try through a uk proxy but i still might end up purchasing a game that my xbox 360 can't display. 
i live in china, so all i get to attend really is locally organized ex-pat games and tournaments. i have got seen a couple of games in hong kong, but the last time i went to a proper game was at headingley to watch yorkshire play gloucestershire, which was a while ago.
when i lived sa i used to go to the boxing day test in durban. usually the 3rd day. the matches against pakistan or india always have the biggest crowds and the best vibe. i have seldom watched provincial matches. 
all that was needed was for klusener not to start running, there were 3 balls left.

frankly, that's why i prefer to catch fingers down
this downvoting issue is affecting other subreddits as well. i see most of the posts are zero points. r/photography had discussion about it yesterday. irritating. 
watch some cricket, i go to centurion stadium (supersport park), and the wanderers in joburg. i like to catch test cricket, but i've also watched some t20's. i find you don't really watch the cricket, like on tv, but the experience itself is really fun, for t20's just drinking, shouting, for tests, just drinking, reading newspaper and suntanning :-)
i go to the scg for the new year's test every year, as it coincides with my birthday. only one day though.

much prefer tests to t20, wouldn't pay $70 to see three hours of slogging and no finesse. 

was lucky enough last year that the day i was there was the day ricky ponting and michael clarke put together a huge stand, followed by a stand with mike hussey. so punter make his comeback hundred, clarke ended on 274* or something and then went on to 334* the next day. and of course i got to see huss, my favourite batsman, make an attacking half-century that was all class.
fingers up or fingers down, it was a pretty straightforward slip catch for somebody of warne's calibre. straight at him, comfortable height... i remember watching the match live and thinking "well, that's it" when pietersen edged the ball. he'd had a couple of lives (almost given first ball when it hit his shoulder off mcgrath's hat trick ball and the whole aussie team appealed, a run out chance, a very sharp half chance at slip dropped by langer (i think)) and when he edged that you could just tell it was flying straight to first slip, and i remember just feeling hugely disappointed that after all the brilliance of england during the last 3 tests to beat australia twice, it looked like we probably weren't going to win the ashes after all. for about a tenth of a second i was absolutely devastated. then, a split second later, warne had shelled it and we were still in with a shout.

after that chance, pietersen stopped playing conservatively and started playing his natural game, and blazed an amazing 158.

people can talk shit about pietersen all they want, yeah yeah his form is fleeting and he constantly has controversy surrounding him, and he's not exactly the most english person you've ever seen. but for me, for pure love of the game of cricket, that innings - given the context and the situation the game was in when he came out to play it - well, it was pure brilliance.
i live in melbourne, so i go to the boxing day test every year, usually just day 3. i've started going to domestic t20 fixtures as well since i've recently made friends who actually like cricket
me, my dad, and a bunch of his friends go to the surrey v kent t20 game at the oval every year. its a nice day out up to the oval, and there have been some fantastic games between the two sides.
&gt; bracken would of been spearheading
i freaking love/hate kp so much! hate because he's kicked our ass a number of times, several centuries in odi's here, when we were favourites to win ... bastard! oh and that recent test ... wtf! 

but love because, well, in full flow he's just the most unstoppable sublime batsman in modern cricket, which is full of incredible batsmen.
basin reserve test match. day 1 every year. take the day off work. usually day 4 and 5 as well. highlight of my year. best test match ground in the world just about. i will roll up to limited overs games at the stadium on occasion as well, especially 20/20 after work.

edit: day 2 oh yeah on saturday they give me the day off
what if salim malik had not been guilty of match fixing and thrown the pakistan team into free fall for the next few years. under his captaincy they had just won a home series at home vs australia and had become a team that would draw matches rather than lose ( except of course the ones he match fixed!)
also what if hansie cronje and mohammed azzaruhdin and never been involved in the match fixing scandal

i go 4-5 times a year
and that's why i will able to go to a proper international match in canberra this summer :)
attacked by the random downvoter, have an upvote.
i've had 15 or so in the last hour for some reason. doesn't concern me too much but thanks!
they did.  in fact the first international was between the us and canada. - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_united_states_cricket 
yep, it would. i think drs encourages it, in fact, as it's becoming common to check for a front foot no-ball.
cool story bro, it seems to me a symptom of american isolationism that there was no real engagement with british empire in football or cricket same with canada tho
i saw my first match in 2009. rajasthan royals v middlesex panthers at lord's. it was alright.


in 2010 i went to day 1 of england v pakistan lord's test match, the day when amir and asif  'crossed the line'.


in 2011 i went to day 4 and 5 of england v india at lord's, day 1 and 4 of england v india at the oval, and england v india odi at oval.


in 2012 i went to day 4 of england v west indies, surrey v middlesex t20 at the oval, day 5 of england v south africa at the oval, day 3,4 and 5 of england v south africa at lord's and england v south africa odi at oval and lord's.



so 20 days of cricket since my first in 2009
it's a pity.  i think they've missed out on so much.  thrashing the poms at their favourite sports for one =)
the prices are a joke. yet full house after full house won't convince the ecb to adjust prices.
i always make sure to go to at least one international at the mcg each summer. i'm thinking of going to the sri lanka boxing day test, some big bash games and whatever odi's are there this year. so excited! 
perhaps that is why cricket thrived, early victories over the poms [don't give em a capital letter] but football seams to have turned to marbles and scattered all over the floor.
i'm in sweden. arses. however i used to go to the st lawrence ground to watch kent, and i was lucky enough to see a couple of days of both england vs sri lanka and england vs india at lords in 2011.
we live really close to sussex's cricket ground so we've been to two t20 matches and one cb40 match there (all county matches). we plan to go a lot more as it's only down the road but never been to a national match at one of the bigger grounds. i'd like to, though.
i hate all of you that get a chance to go watch international cricket. all i get to see is american football and poor cricket being played by local sub-continent expats.
i saw two of yorkshire's games last season. first time i'd ever been to a cricket match i wasn't playing in but i loved it and will be going again more regularly next season.
isn't england going to have a test there this summer?
ok .. i know i am biased.  as someone who used to live in bangalore and someone that has regarded kumble as an intelligent , no-nonsense person .. i love this !! represent mothafudgers !!!

ok .. realistically speaking is this just a figure head kind of appointment ? i seriously dont know what the position is responsible for.
you're giving too much credit to india.
i think sa will draw in australia, i can't see them winning it to be honest. it takes the piss that it's a 3 test series. matches between england, india, australia and sa should be 4 match minimum. as should india v pakistan, if that ever happens again.

as for the india - england series, anything less than a 4-0 win for india simply isn't good enough. however, my current opinion on the indian team is that it's simply not good enough, so i imagine england will draw or even win at least 1 match.
really? i know they haven't played a test for a long time and they were in dire form before, but you think england can win a series on the subcontinent?
if the new selectors are anything like the old ones... then yes.
never been to one since i live in the u.s.

but i would sometimes almost get hit by the bowlers delivery if i accidentally wandered past a pickup game when in college, does that count? 

to those that go to tests: does it keep your interest all day? do you intensely watch and cheer, or is it just a big picnic? what is it like?
nice pictures. have you got anymore?
do you enjoy sitting square of the wicket? i really hate that view. it sucks, but those stands seem to fill up quickest in any cricket stadium. i don't understand it. down the ground is much better view i think.
australia are looking very dangerous since clarke's ascendancy so i'm actually backing us to take the series 2-0. don't forget that the series in south africa was drawn 1-1 so on home soil i think we've a very strong chance. 
i usually head to the 3rd and 5th days of the scg tests every summer and a t20 if my friends are up for it. i'll likely head to more t20's now that stadium australia has started hosting. i only go to an odi if someone asks me socially, they're long without the endurance required for tests and short without the excitement of t20. 
sehwag isn't performing, gambhir isn't performing, tendulkar isn't performing, dhoni and raina haven't proven themselves to be test match material yet.

dude, we don't have a batting lineup. we've got some big names in there, but none of them are worth anything at present. it's really going to be kohli + spinners vs england. zak too isn't performing.

i hope they get some form soon because our selectors are definitely not going to remove them from the team for being useless.
hmmm. sa are stronger away from home though, for some reason. clarke is a brilliant captain, so i'm sure they'll do pretty well, but i'm not sure aus have the batsmen to cope with steyn, morkerl, philander.
it would be tough to find a spot for shakib, honestly...
my goal in aus vs sa is to see how amla plays against australian bowling.
don't forget about philander, never forget about philander.
nooo! why did you have to pick the one guy who was trying to make karnataka cricket better? :( 

congratulations to kumble, though! i hope his good work in the ksca continues despite his elevation to the icc.
i was able to get a free uk gamertag and download the demo. i don't think i'll actually be able to buy the game but i'll try. 
i used to , when i lived in india.  not as much as i wanted to, was always short of cash.  i would love to now but i live in the us and can afford it but not too many opportunities. bummer eh ?

i put together some plans for the wc in wi .. but it fell through, damn work projects intervened.

edit: i was in the stadium when [this happened](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frve8fi1ory) was a blast !!




&gt;i'm normally playing cricket rather than watching it

i just turned a dark shade of green.
not really, the rest is just of us drinking, etc.  
i must just say that harbhajan singh was a big favourite with the crowd.  
some guys in the crowd wore the south african flag as a turban with superman t-shirts on. he enjoyed that.  
he also fielded an over with a cap/glasses or something from the crowd on his head as a joke(can't remember that well) and gave it back afterwards. got a massive cheer and could do nothing wrong according to the crowd after that.
on local pitches australian batsmen should be able to deal with the sa attack. ponting and watson are good players of pace while clarke is strong enough against most types of bowling attacks, fast men included.

and of course now the aussie fast bowling attack is easily a part of the top 3 in the world, so i think the question may even be whether sa batsmen have the ability to cope with pattinson, siddle, hilfenhaus, cummins, starc etc
terrified about england's prospects? i think you're in for a surprise here. 
i thought the same about england's chances. this is only my fairly uninformed opinion, after all. we'll see how it goes, but i think sa will be a bit too strong for aus, is all.
i think i remember that. it was a fake moustache wasn't it? 
you speak the truth. the first thing the selectors need to do is drop gambhir. it should be their number 1 priority 

there's 4 players who are performing. pujara, kohli, ashwin, and ojha 
strauss has also taken up a position on the board. i think he's balanced and forward thinking, plus authorative. could be good. only thing better than these two would have been dravid.
for rahane? 
well, i have a track record of being incredibly wrong in my predictions...
kohli and the spinners might be enough. is ohja in the squad?
been to tests or odis at lords, oval, edgebaston, old trafford, trent bridge, durham. been to kent &amp; essex county grounds too.

did the whole 2010-11 ashes series with the barmy army, which was a life goal - although never again, my liver has still not recovered.

plus i had the fortune of seeing a west indies vs india odi at the beausejour cg in st lucia, while on holiday. west indies team were staying in our hotel too. although sods law, the game was abandoned after 7 overs due to a tropical storm, the only time in the entire three weeks it rained at all.
cook is a better opener now, but he was 19 when he made his debut, and in 2007 strauss was a *monster*. scored runs for fun.
does it bother you so much that you created a novelty account specifically to highlight examples?

additionally, how does it work? do you just browse and browse until you find one, or do you have kind of bot or script that searches reddit comments for it? i would of thought the latter would be more successful.
will not forget about philander.
which would you have preferred? he's obviously got a great cricketing brain.
i sure as hell hope he is. i haven't checked, sorry.
i could have checked myself. it appears the squad hasn't been announced yet, england's is up on cricinfo but india's is not.
i agree with rreyv, both teams have some 'iffyness' (yes i just made it up, bite me !) .  also consider that england has a far superior and diverse quick bowling attack.  anderson can swing and reverse, finn, broad, bresnan's heavy deliveries.  might end up being more evenly matched than you think.
yes .. i have great respect for strauss.  underneath that mild mannered soft-spoken guy lives a highly competitive clear thinker.
it is a possibility, since our middle order deserves all the criticism it gets. the painful memories of that 47 all out at newlands are still sore...
i made one of [these](http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/gallery/2010/apr/07/how-to-make-shooters-sandwich) babies for my last experience. was definitely sort of a picnic. i apologise if you don't/ can't eat meat.
now that's a good lookin sandwich. bravo.
preferably, and if sehwag gets dropped too i'd like mukund coming in. i also want tiwary or badrinath to play instead of raina 
i'm a member of nottinghamshire ccc, so i go to a fair few county games and i try and get tickets when england are at trent bridge
comparable to stealing a base in baseball. except that while a baserunner can make a head start for the next base before the pitcher releases the ball, in cricket, the (analogous) non-striker cannot/should not leave his crease until the moment the ball is bowled. 
wouldn't it be the same as treading on your stumps? clearly you have to be in the crease and in contact, but you can be given out for it.
only three days so far, all in bangalore:

1. india vs australia (test, day 1)
2. india vs ireland (odi during wc)
3. india vs new zealand (test, day 1)
holy fuck, never realized this. why didn't he play?
we probably wouldn't be on the internet right now.
your first and second sentences contradict each other.
i suspect it's something that particularly annoys them as it's so prevalent. you don't need a bot or to browse much before you find examples of that particular grammatical error.

disclaimer; i'm a former (and still occasional) proof-reader and have never got out of the habit.
ಠ_ಠ
it really bothers me in printed books. the wheel of time series by robert jordan and latterly brandon sanderson used to have loads.
trade and technology exchange do not have to be through colonization. but whatever.
no they don't. gambhir lived up to his billing, so he shouldn't be in this list 
kabaddi would be the world's second most popular sport.
what if…

the south african authorities in 1968 had said that they weren't bothered about basil d'oliveira representing england on the tour as he wasn't playing for south africa?
stuff like that annoys the hell out of me in print. i've learned to let it go online though, otherwise my stress levels would be through the roof.
well he said he was injured. however, there have always been insinuations that it wasn't just that. (he played all the previous games before that and was not injured during play in any of them)
i think he is talking about the recent re-inclusion in the english team. 
barring one test in chennai and one in lahore, india and pak have played some of the most boring tests i've ever seen.

most of the times the pitches are so docile, they end up becoming bat-a-thons with every team scoring 500+ in each innings. i wouldn't like to see a 4 test series of that.
the ipl would have still existed the way it has now. ipl started as a counter to icl, which was started by zee tv - a channel that was constantly snubbed by bcci when they bid for rights that they decided to do a kerry packer. 
england-india is easier to call. i'd predict 2-0 or 3-0 to india. depends a lot on what sort of playing surfaces they put out. the pitches in india are usually most conducive to seam, in these months. however, there is talk of preparing absolute dust bowls to turn around the 0-4 loss last year. if they go with that, its going to be tough going for england.

australia - south africa is probably going to end 1-1. south africa are very strong but as somebody else pointed out. australia seem to punch above their weight under clarke and i'd be surprised if they didn't win at least 1 test.
i believe india (or the indian fans) are overestimating team india for the upcoming series. since the test series in west indies our batting (barring dravid in england and kohli over the last 3 test matches) has looked pathetic and the situation does not look promising. it is difficult to win test matches in india when you can't rack up scores in excess of 400. 

the new selection panel needs to take some hard decisions, drop players who are not performing and have a talk with some senior players regarding their future plans.

here's the xi that i would field in the first test against england. 

sehwag, rahane, pujara, tendulkar, kohli, yuvraj, dhoni, ashwin, ishant, zaheer, ojha

and since it is india, i know they would pick a squad of xv anyway, so here are the four reserve players:

gambhir (keep him in the squad, not playing would hurt him and probably knock some sense in his head)

yadav (third seamer, he sprays the ball around too much to be starting)

raina (backup batsmen, we know it, he is the one who is going to be picked)

harbhajan singh (keep him in the squad).
what about chawla?
the post is not ceremonial. the technical committee is responsible for all the changes in rules that the icc keeps coming up with every year. (ex- free hits to curb no balls, ban on runners, changes to lbw &amp; run out rules recently)

i think its good that the committee is getting younger. both strauss and kumble have played until very recently and will know the nuances of the modern game better.

also - not just *anyone* gets picked for this role. listen to ian bishop on commentary some time and you'll see the depth of his analysis vis a vis your boilerplate "dancing in the aisles, smashed like a tracer bullet" kind of commentators.
he still is a mouthy twat.
i don't think 1) was a pivotal moment in world cricket. 
i love watching live cricket! i've seen at least 10-12 internationals in 4 different indian cities. i'd love to see a live game in aus or s africa once though. 

my best live game experience was watching an india v australia odi in the 1996 world cup at the wankhede!!!  i also got to see sachin's 100th test at the wankhede (vs win) and  had the commemorative ticket with me until very recently :)

i haven't ever seen an ipl game or a t20 and i don't intend to see one either. my personal favorite format to watch live is test cricket. the pace of the game is relaxed, the crowds are thinner and you get to observe so many little things about the game which are not easy to discern in an odi.
can't disagree with that.
they are?  you just made my day if that's true

edit: hey they are too, just checked cricinfo, we get one of each format :d
two pet peeves really, that i seem to see in every match at the moment:

1) lbw appeals every time the bowler strikes the pad. regardless of the massive inside edge/being so far outside the line its on a different pitch/hitting the knee roll of an advancing player, they still appeal. some bowlers more than others. appeal if you think they're out, heck i don't mind if you appeal on a 25% chance of getting them. just not the 5% chances, ok? 
(i may be hypersensitive to this. kieswetter is my local 'keeper and, much as i love the fella, he does appeal *for everything*)

2)along similar lines, excessive appealing for a ball that the batsman has not hit, and is in fact sliding massively down leg. seems to have cropped up with t20 in particular to try and confuse umpires into forgetting to call wide. yet to see it** actually work.** 

tl;dr. less spurious appeals please
on/off somerset member so normally a fair number of domestic games at taunton. also keep an eye on the local exeter games as they have a really nice ground. tend to watch more longer format, although on average i probably see 40 over matches the most (convenient time/local league play it)

yet to see internationals, put off by the cost mainly. as a student, my spare cash is at a premium, and given how far in advance you have to book in england + questionable whether you see any play, i don't feel it's worth it yet.
do you think yuvraj is ready to play test cricket yet? i doubt it, there's a massive jump to tests from t20. he'd be better off playing ranji trophy with a view to being selected against australia. why raina instead of badrinath or tiwary? both average about 15 more in first class cricket than raina.


having averaged 33 in the county championship, is harbhajan good enough to be let back into the team? 
england and sa for certain
pfffft, i have a worse track record :p
agree about sehwag and gambhir. also, judged by the same yardstick, dhoni has no place in the test side. 



india are an inconsistent team in all the skills of the game. 



until a year and a half ago they were able to replicate good performances back to back. now that is gone. 



quite clearly, a smooth homogeneous transition has not happened &amp; players like mukund, pujara, rahane etc are still maturing. as a result, india test side is a menagerie of diverse maturation stages. 



considering the tough foreign projects scheduled for next year, i believe it is time to overhaul our test side.



here's what i'd pick for the england series next month:



-rahane


-mukund


-kohli (c)


-tendulkar


-pujara


-tiwary


-saha (wk)


-ashwin


-ojha


-ishant


-yadav




*bench*


-harbhajan


-dinda


-raina


-parthiv patel








but that said, i expect the official xi to be:  sehwag, gambhir, kohli, tendulkar, pujara, yuvraj, dhoni, ashwin, ojha, zaheer, ishant.
&gt;ban on runners

can you please elaborate?
that would be my team as well. except maybe bring in umesh for ishant. ishant and zaheer are both fragile and none of them will trouble the tail enders much.
i thought about this after it was written, but you were much more eloquent in your response than my thoughts jotted down would have been.  appreciate it.

&gt;"dancing in the aisles, smashed like a tracer bullet" 

nice .. harsha bhogle ? rameez raja ? dare i say , tony 'grovel' greg ?
you're a bad man.
i might sound a bit old for saying this, but i was there at the chepauk during that india pakistan test match in '99, sachin scored a 136 with a back pain, lower order collapsed, pakistan won, and received a standing ovation. i was one of those giving the standing ovations. admittedly, i was just 13 and the intricacies of india-pakistan relationship were lost on me. much later, watching a documentary on that series, i understood the importance of the series. 
square of the wicket are the cheapest tickets :) down the ground are invariably the most expensive ones. pavilion tickets, as they call it in india. 
;)

i guess i have already made a heap of indian fans hate me, now it's time to make some english fans hate me huh?  maybe the indian fans might even forgive me?
fair enough. but at lords the tickets are so expensive, an extra 10-15 quid for a down the ground view doesn't seem a lot. 
there are a decent number of domestic matches scheduled before the first test. i hope yuvraj plays and proves his fitness. i believe he wants to succeed in tests and he definitely deserves another chance. 
as i said, i believe umesh is too inconsistent to be playing when we go in with only two seamers. 
i think you have nailed down the official xi. that's what i expect as well. dhoni is impossible to dislodge (though he does have a decent record in india) and gambhir and sehwag are going nowhere. 
if i ever go to new zealand, i'll make sure it's during a test series.
yes, he came back into the team with that quality 50 at trent bridge, i remember it well.

if he can't make it though, would you be happy for raina to play in his place? i would much rather badrinath, tiwary, or hell... even rohit sharma
call me crazy, but i would actually prefer raina over badrinath and sharma. haven't seen tiwary in the longer format to take a decision there. 
&gt;dhoni is impossible to dislodge


i know what you mean. it's a travesty, but 8 overseas defeats in 8 games makes a bloody strong case. moreover, he's too defensive in the field to put team's interests first. his decisions over team selection and field placements have been shocking. his wicket-keeping has taken a major hit. and i'm still not over the fact that he blames it all on his captaincy ("captaincy is an added responsibility"). 




&gt;he does have a decent record in india



oh his batting record at home is more than satisfactory, i agree, but a meager average of 28 on foreign soil hardly inspires any confidence.




--


as an aside, i don't want to jump the bandwagon and hand over the reigns of test cricket to kohli, but considering the absence of gambhir, sehwag, and dhoni, no other player suits the job.


the generation between the fab four and kohli has severely disappointed us. sehwag, gambhir, yuvraj, kaif, harbhajan, raina - these were the guys who should have been ready as replacements for dhoni. yet, they are still fighting for their place in the team. 

dhoni really needs to go as test captain, but who else? kohli is too inexperienced to be made the test captain. i am not even sure whether he has captained in a ranji game. 
dhoni's the only player who's at all able to lead india. yes he's crap, but at the moment there's no one better. i don't think kohli's ready for test captaincy. i don't think we'll get a graeme smith type thing with him. 
&gt;dhoni really needs to go as test captain, but who else? kohli is too inexperienced to be made the test captain. i am not even sure whether he has captained in a ranji game.



he hasn't. i'm going by the judgement of senior ex-players, coaches, and commentators. but meh, we're going to maintain the status quo, i'm sure of it.




&gt;the generation between the fab four and kohli has severely disappointed us. sehwag, gambhir, yuvraj, kaif, harbhajan, raina - these were the guys who should have been ready as replacements for dhoni. yet, they are still fighting for their place in the team.




good poiint. i couldn't agree more.
&gt;yes he's crap, but at the moment there's no one better



says a lot about the team, doesn't it? a captain with 8 back-to-back overseas loses under his belt is still the only option we have.





**edit**


&gt; i don't think kohli's ready for test captaincy


likewise, but i still maintain that dhoni merits no place in this test side.
international cricket needs him bro. you still got srinath. 
the thing is, before the world cup last year, dhoni was absolutely inspirational. he's gone crazy since that tournament. conservative captaincy can work (strauss did it successfully to get england to the top).
but the reason dhoni is defensive is because he has no faith in the bowling attack to take wickets. who can blame him? india's bowling attack absolutely sucks.
however, dhoni should have done better. his away record really isn't that great. previous captains like ganguly were excellent away from home despite also having mediocre bowling attacks. 
can't use by-runners anymore.
&gt;now it's time to make some english fans hate me huh? 

you're australian, it's not gonna be hard.
word is harris won't be fit for the sa series, but might be back for sl.

* i'm also going with 1-1 draw. south africa will seem the better side for the small majority of the series, but some strong performances from ponting, clarke and siddle in particular will get us a win.

* cowan's going to have another underwhelming series, and be dropped either after south africa (before sri lanka) or at the end of the summer. hughes is most likely to come back in, but also watch out for khawaja, cosgrove, and davis is an outside chance.

* warner's spot is also going to be under question by the end of the series.

* starc will be the most impressive of the younger pace trio, picking up a 4 or 5 wicket haul in the series.

* lyon will be ineffective, being one of the lowest wicket-takers in the series.

* philander will be found to be nothing special, with morkel the leading wicket-taker in the series.

* duminy will score two centuries.

those are my predictions. throw everything at it and something's bound to stick, right?
being an american who loves baseball as well as cricket, i've always wondered why the cricket video games were so lacking. all of the other sports seem to have such fantastic games, minus basketball, but cricket games seem so clumsy and poorly designed and thought out?
in addition to watson and ponting being good players of pace, i also think warner is in for a much better chance than he has been in the recent sub-continent, spin-heavy, limited overs stuff. he's much stronger with no cover fielder and the ball coming on to the bat.
you picked 13 dude.
whoops! okay badrinath or tiwary gets the boot 
i didn't know about the rates in england's grounds. in india the square of the wicket tickets were as cheap as rs. 250 (~$5) and the down the ground tickets start at around rs 5000 (~$100). makes a huge difference. 
and of course his first great international innings was against south africa, even though it was in a t20 :p
what if...

a.p. freeman, probably the best spin bowler in the history of cricket, had been selected to play for england in 1930 and 1934, when bradman was at his height?
i'm not sure. i think warne might have been easily distracted - but its hard to judge how the rest of the team would have responded to him.
adelaide oval is now my local ground. went to the test last year, and i'll be back again while i live close enough to go.
and one for you for being sporting.
i'm predicting south africa will edge us out at home, mostly because i feel their side is a little more consistent at the moment. us aussies have definitely improved a lot over the last year or so, but i still feel our batting order is our main weakness as it is a little too dependent on the same guys to fire all the time (i.e. watson, ponting, clarke, hussey). we certainly don't have a settled opening combination (warner and cowan will want to get runs early in the series), which is rather important against the likes of steyn and co. 

watson at 3 is a real strength as he's used to facing the new ball and is in ripping form, but if sa pick up two early wickets and get ponting in against the newish ball things could turn ugly quick, as his feet aren't getting any faster particularly early in his innings. watson and clarke are the real keys to our innings, i just hope they get the support they need.

the bowling lineups are a bit more evenly matched but i think sa gets the edge here simply because while we have massive depth in our pace stocks, we still don't quite have a real standout performer like a steyn. still, with all the options we have for pace i'd be extremely surprised if one of our guys doesn't fire - i'm looking forward to seeing who it will be this time because it seems to change every series!

our absolute best will be enough to beat sa, but if both teams perform at their best (on paper) i think they'll beat us - although it would be an awesome series. if we don't play well though i think sa could really flog the pants off us. 


&gt;*what if don bradman had actually hit those 4 runs?*

you know what, that question is a really good one to ponder, given the fact that england at the time could've offered him a few easy deliveries to make those four runs before then trying to get him out.

the fact that bradman wasn't given any extra leeway is a very important aspect of cricket. i think everyone would've loved it - including the england team - had he gotten those four runs. yet there's a question of honesty involved. if bradman *were* to get those four runs, those four runs should only have been scored against a fielding team that were committed to getting him out, as opposed to a fielding team that was being generous to him.

as it was, bradman got out against a team that was trying to dismiss him, and that was a better outcome than scoring four runs against a team that was being generous to him.

no player, no team, should be given a break by the opposing team. when that is being practiced, feats of sporting prowess have so much more meaning.


what if there were no match fixing scandals at all in the past 20 years?
*indian tennis great to retire after winning wimbledon 10 times in a row*
then mckechnie would've hit a six to tie the match and ushered in a period of unmatched sporting glory for new zealand cricket.
&gt;*what if kerry packer's world series cricket had never taken place?*

i think someone else would've stepped in and created something else - maybe in australia, maybe not.
he meant ravi shastri. 
unfortunately, 3 tests won't be enough for australia/ sa. australia will one, south africa will win one, and there will be a draw. that's just how these things will work out. i think in a longer series south africa would carry it, but australia will string together enough good sessions to win 1, and the pitch and weather will conspire against a result in another.
the appointments of both kumble and strauss is absolutely excellent and shows that the icc is intent on being a serious voice in cricket rather than a bit of a sinecure for deserving old boys. there are a number of issues that need to be looked at and having recent ex-players of this stature will hopefully give it real teeth in the face of the money,money, money men.
i beg to disagree. either south africa would have won the world cup that year (thereby snapping, or delaying, the australian supremacy and ushering in a new era of south african dominance), or they would never have developed the "chokers" tag, and could conceivably not stutter on the grand stage anymore. 
[bravo, sir. bravo.](http://gifs.gifbin.com/1233928590_citizen%20kane%20clapping.gif)
i like your bold statements, but obviously that opens you up to people completely disagreeing with you based on nothing but vague gut feelings. let me be one of those people:

- philander will be awesome. 

- i think warner will do reasonably well -- not outstanding, but enough for people to stay happy with him. 

- i hope cowan does well because he seems like a well-suited partner for warner. i don't know anything about cosgrove or davis, so maybe they're better. 

- i reckon if either of your openers get dropped then watson will be back up to open. i can't see hughes getting another chance so soon (unless he's absolutely incredible for his state). 

- i think the big talking point for australia will be who should keep. 

- if ponting doesn't get a big score in the first game then there will be huge calls for him to be dropped/to retire, even if he's performing relatively well. 

- amla will be quiet (compared to his england tour) but there will be one sa batsman who takes over the invincible role. 

- harris to come back in the last test and bowl well, making everyone claim that if he was fit from the start then aus would've won the series. 

- sa to win 2-0 (drawing at the gabba).

and, out of interest, who do you think should be australia's main spinner?
i think at one point in time (about 5-6 years ago) vettori and mills were the two top rated odi bowlers in the world. add bond to that, it would have been pretty impressive.
5000? you sure about that? i don't think they're that expensive 
i had one of the early versions of icc when i was a child and then got another about five years later and was a bit confused by how many more options there were. has it got more complicated still?

the main problem with the early one i had is that players like gladstone small were still around and flintoff was nothing but a promising youth. 
you mean graham gooch cricket. 
yep!
http://www.cricketpeople.com/ipl-2012-tickets - tickets for ipl 2012 seem to indicate i was partially right. the lowest is 700 bucks. it's been a while since i saw a game in india :) 
last first class: warriors v knights at east london, dec 16-19, 2010. anybody any idea why?
the earliest i have is 2001. i suppose you could say it's more complicated simply because of the increased range of tournaments. you can have twenty20 specialists now. they have marginally improved the interface over time though.
&gt; on local pitches australian batsmen should be able to deal with the sa attack.

i'm curious what the weather will do in the eastern states. the last two summers have been pretty wet. which has meant the last two home series for australia have not been typical. i think india got blindsided by this last summer. england benefited the year before.

i think this one will be more normal. dry. a more normal summer. having said that we've got some real weird weather today.
the way i see it, you're out hit wicket if you knock the bails off during your shot, or if your shot causes you to lose balance into the stumps. knocking the bails off at the other end ought to be fine.
[perhaps graeme pollock should have had a longer career.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn2oa6izyvg#t=4m37s)

and he should be better recognised.
i like wade, solid gloveman and really good batsman.
sa woudl take anybody.
atta boy!
batting potential was never doubted.   his weight was always an issue for australian selectors, as in, he would be liability in the field.  i say, if he can bat, put him at first slip all day.   crickets changed though.
ended up only a few short of a ton, a solid knock that put the vics in the box seat.

also, that pitch is greeeeeeeen
edit: realised you meant % of runs through sixes, will leave the below in anyway.

i think andrew symonds has the record in county (or got close).  16 sixes.

[old article](http://www.espncricinfo.com/magazine/content/story/138268.html)

&gt;does john reid still hold the record for most sixes in a first-class innings? asked robin johnson from auckland

reid did hold that record for more then 30 years, after smashing 15 sixes in his 296 for wellington against northern districts at the basin reserve in 1962-63. but the mark was eclipsed in 1995, when andrew symonds hit 16 in his unbeaten 254 for gloucestershire against glamorgan at the pen-y-pound ground in abergavenny. wisden reported that the 16th six "landed on a tennis court about 20 feet over the boundary", and added that "though he was undoubtedly helped by the short boundaries, it would have been a hugely effective innings on any ground in the world". symonds added four more sixes in the second innings, to beat the old record of 17 in a match, set by warwickshire's jim stewart against lancashire at blackpool in 1959. for a fuller list click here. 
if only he could turn the ball.   he'd be a dashing bowling allrounder.
yeah i realise he's a big man, but to be honest i don't actually know how significantly that tends to affect players' fielding. how was inzamam-ul-haq as a fielder? enthusiastic or a liability?

and in any case, cosgrove must have *some* degree of fitness, because he seems to be regularly bowling decent spells of medium pace.
haha, yeah don't worry mine are all mostly gut feelings anyway. still, it's fun to see how you do looking back.

i think all your predictions are perfectly valid and likely ones too.

nathan lyon should be the main spinner. it's a kind of not-perfect-but-he's-best-we've-got situation. don't get me wrong, lyon is an *excellent* spinner on his day - if you doubt me check out [his big bash highlight package](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6bxm4--tj0) - but he needs another season or two for us to see whether he can go the distance. after lyon there aren't many options - steve o'keefe is a good spinning all-rounder but needs a good season, michael beer isn't bad but is very plain, jon holland is a left-arm orthodox bowler who seems to be on the improve but has an ordinary record.
we will get to see him agian... 
1996 zimbabwe vs west indies in hyderabad lb stadium is my first. price was 2$. i remember going for another match which is also between zim vs wi.. dont remember the series name.
none of the developers really understand the depth of the game, but a big budgeted project given to someone like ea would produce a decent game
ul_haq wasn't a great fielder, good catcher thats it.   his fitness was an issue between the stumps too.

anyway, i think the australian team at the time was trying to be more athletic in the field than anybody else.   it was a factor in selection in his case.   i think he'd have to average way more than others to be selected.
well, you're crazy to prefer raina over badrinath in tests.
so...  all is forgiven then?
ha ha, it might have been.
actually a lot of people think batsmen should walk if they've knicked it but excessive appealing is just as bad. i think sometimes it does put umpires under pressure (especially if you have a home crowd on your side) and can lead to silly decisions. in the worst case, its definitely upsets the batsman to have a keeper and close in fielders go up for everything.

i've noticed that good umpires just nod their head instantly and give a not out. any appealing beyond that point should lead to an automatic use up of a review imo.
kohli is not captaincy material yet, so dhoni will definitely be retained. i agree that your expected xi are the eleven that will play the first game. yuvraj may not be picked ahead of raina though, unless he shows scintillating return to form in some domestic matches. he did not seem to have enough energy to bat for a long period of time during the t20s and seemed to be struggling when running between wickets. there are three replacement options: raina (who will probably be picked), tiwary (who should be next in line), or badrinath (probably the player best suited for tests out of everyone in the xi besides srt and kohli, on current form). also, pujara will play at 3 and kohli at 5, i presume. if gambhir and sehwag fail in the first match, i definitely hope rahane comes in to replace at least one of them for the second game. 
&gt; the generation between the fab four and kohli has severely disappointed us. 

such a good point! hopefully the kohli generation will come good once they start getting more chances, which should be very soon considering how disappointing the last lot have been. they sparkled in phases, but never achieved a period of consistency like that of the fab four or others before them. now, kohli, rahane, mukund, sharma, and others need to make up for the lost generation. this is also true in the bowling  department. apart from zaheer, and a couple of others for short periods of time, there are few indian bowlers who have genuinely been feared. yadav, ishant, ashwin need to step up and form a formidable bowling attack in the next few years. 
if you really look at this batting line-up, no one really deserves to be there on current form except kohli, and he is still young for captaincy. srt does not want to be captain, and has not been in best of form recently. zaheer khan has been consistently in the team, but is too injury prone to be made captain (also has not been in great wicket-taking form). if you take captaincy from dhoni, you must have someone in the team who truly deserves it and there is just no one like that. 
oooh. i was thinking about international cricket.
a lot of people are predicting big victories for india (yes, a 2-1 victory for india against england is already pretty big). i expect a 1-0 result in favor of india with 3 drawn tests. spin will play a big role in the series, but i am confident england will be able to counter them. both batting line ups will make big totals on batting flat tracks in india and in the end, i predict there will be a few results (also due to defensive captaincy). 

for sa-aus, sa is definitely the more consistent team, but australia are not completely out of it. 1-1 seems like a good guess, but i wish we could've seen a 3-2 series in favor of either team. it will be a great series to watch between bat and ball!
beating england in the test series was brilliant. the odi's and t20's since then have been grim.

i can't wait for us to get back to playing proper cricket. the proteas thoroughly deserve their spot at the top of the test rankings. where england, india and these days even australia build their success almost exclusively on winning at home, the proteas have been winning away series consistently for a number of years now.

look, i've been a fan for long enough to know that we tend to come crashing down to earth just when we are on the verge of greatness, so i'm trying to keep my expectations low. 

instead of making a prediction, let's just look at the current icc test rankings:

* sa have four batsmen in the top 10. australia have one (clarke).
* sa have three bowlers in the top 10, including the top two spots. australia have two.
* sa have three all rounders in the top 10, aus have one.

so on paper at least, sa have the clear edge, but as the old cliche goes, cricket is played on grass, not paper.

edit: a quick look at the [stats](http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/stats/index.html?class=1;filter=advanced;home_or_away=2;home_or_away=3;orderby=won;spanmax1=12+oct+2012;spanmin1=12+oct+2007;spanval1=span;template=results;type=team). away from home over the past five years, south africa have a win/loss ration of 3.25. australia are at 1.33 and everyone else is below 1. exclude zimbabwe and bangladesh and the [gap narrows a bit](http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/stats/index.html?class=1;filter=advanced;home_or_away=2;home_or_away=3;opposition=1;opposition=2;opposition=3;opposition=4;opposition=5;opposition=6;opposition=7;opposition=8;orderby=win_loss_ratio;spanmax1=12+oct+2012;spanmin1=12+oct+2007;spanval1=span;template=results;type=team), but sa's ratio is still more than double australia's

well at least we know who to talk to when in need of a desperate appeal. the king baby! 
who i understand also stands on the committee, negating his/her own point.
he had joined the committee back when he hadn't taken up a post with the bcci and sold himself out 100%.

shastri was an astute cricketer who started off as a decent commentator but now he's just become a parody of himself.
i didn't mean anyone in particular. i just meant that bishop analyzes the game a lot better than most others in the com-box.

every commentator is prone to using cliches now and then, but some of them seem to have nothing else in their repertoire.
nothing.  everything is fine as it is.
:)
&gt;maybe the indian fans might even forgive me?

we might. 
maybe you mean this:

http://www.espncricinfo.com/magazine/content/story/586096.html
dropping gauti from the test team? 


do 10000 squats, over two weeks. 
ducked out to a sheffield shield game a few weeks back. it was pretty relaxed, you got to chat to the players and get autographs and whatnot. 


michael clarke &amp; ricky ponting were playing against each other.
i love international cricket captain. 

i have a couple of long-running saves on my ipod in the 2010 version. with warwickshire i've won every comp for the last 3 years and have a gun team. and i've got new zealand through to 2014, where they're a hugely competitive test side and the best odi side in the world. gun batting lineup.
those are some very telling stats! i wasn't aware of any of it, all great points.
i still feel watson should be playing at 6. he thunders in all afternoon, and in the second innings comes in first drop? it seems a bit tough on him to me. especially as warner is a get-in or get-out player.
i agree with your conclusion but not your methodology. after the england/ india series last year, after england had beaten aus in oz and pakistan/ sri lanka in england, they had cook, trott, bell and pietersen in the top ten of the batting rankings and swann, broad, anderson and bresnan in the top 10 of the bowling rankings. 

that didn't stop england's rapid fall from grace.

that said, i think sa will manage to hold it together a while longer.
i don't hate australians. i just want the cricket team to lose every match by a crushing margin.
i have to disagree about philander. i too believed that he couldn't be *that* good. turns out, he is. i don't expect him to maintain his awesome stats, but i think he'll still end up with very, very good, possibly great, career averages.
how come this news is not out on cricinfo or any other major cricketing sites!


he sucks 
i think that's a little unfair on tendulkar. sure, he didn't make a century in england or australia last summer, but he certianly played well enough.
time for deccan to rebuild 
either way, it's gonna be good to watch.
virender sehwag images, virender sehwag wall papers, virender sehwag live cricket matches, virender sehwag clt20 pictures, virender sehwag ipl wall papers, virender sehwag clt20 cricket videos, virender sehwag cricket record news, virender sehwag dd images, virender sehwag dd wallpapers, virender sehwag dd pictures, virender sehwag dd up coming match details, virender sehwag coming match live videos, virender sehwag up coming cricket match videos, virender sehwag delhi daredevils live matches, virender sehwag delhi daredevils imges, virender sehwag delhi daredevils live cricket videos, virender sehwag delhi daredevils up coming cricket news, virender sehwag delhi daredevils up coming cricket videos, virender sehwag delhi daredevils live updates, virender sehwag delhi daredevils cricket live streaming, virender sehwag delhi daredevils clt20 cricket videos, virender sehwag delhi daredevils clt20 wallpapers, virender sehwag delhi daredevils images, virender sehwag delhi daredevils pictures, virender sehwag delhi daredevils latest videos, virender sehwag delhi daredevils latest news, virender sehwag delhi daredevils &amp; irfan pathan images, irfan pathan live cricket images, irfan pathan wallpapers, irfan pathan cricket matches, irfan pathan delhi daredevils cricket videos, irfan pathan delhi daredevils cricket live matches, irfan pathan delhi daredevils cricket videos, irfan pathan delhi daredevils up coming latest news, pietersen delhi daredevils cricket videos, pietersen delhi daredevils images, pietersen delhi daredevils wallpapers, pietersen delhi daredevils pictures, pietersen delhi daredevils live cricket videos, pietersen delhi daredevils record of cricket videos. 
very irrationally, i became a permanent fan of the west indies after [walsh let off saleem jaffar in the 1987 semi-finals](http://www.espncricinfo.com/wctimeline/content/story/500463.html) .  it cost them the semi-finals.  it was the highest level of sportsmanship i have ever seen in any sport.
yea .. got it... i was just trying to be humorous by mocking someone and as usual it doesn't seem have worked. :)
the team has been terminated, not sold. they have just found a buyer, but did not finish the transaction. the could not give the money guarantee in time. source:[espnstar](http://www.espnstar.com/cricket/indian-premier-league/news/detail/item872120/deccan-chargers-terminated-from-ipl/) 
"deccan chargers fails to pay rs 100 cr bank guarantee to bcci | deccan chargers terminated" - toi
i'm trying to be as neutral as i can be (not very neutral at all, but hey, i'm trying).

a few more points.

the good:

* england's rise and fall happened over a relatively short period of time whereas south africa have been fairly consistent for at least five years now.
* south africa have not lost and away series since july 2006

the bad:

* the proteas lack bmt and killer instinct. since 2009 they've lost one series (at home) and have drawn three series that they were leading at the halfway mark. instead of landing the knockout blow, they let the other team make a comeback. 

 
hell yes.
what's bmt?

we're in agreement, basically. i think sa's recent record means they'll be too strong for australia (although if ab is out they'll be less strong) and i can't see them anyone challenging them until kallis retires.
there is news that someone bought the franchise and at the same time there is news that the franchise has been terminated. how does that make sense? honestly the losers are the bank who gave crores of money to the dc owners without trying to figure out if they can repay.
damn ... bmt is clearly one of those terms that i somehow thought everyone knew, but it turns out it's a very local thing.

bmt = big match temperament
ach, i could have figured it out with a bit of application but it's friday and i'm at work, where i avoid trying to think.
it's a start...
just from the title i knew this'd be a harsha bhogle piece. he has an unmatched knack for picking vapid topics.
go [bad word] yourself!
pics or it didnt happen
india got thumped in england, but a week later, the same indian team hanged the same english team upside down in india.

india 4 - 0 england, weather permitting.
14 runs off 1 over. damn
not exactly the same teams played in the test series and the odi series, but i'd agree with your basic point (that each team is stronger in their home conditions).

i think the most likely result is 2-0 india or 1-0 india, but a lot of india fans seem to disagree.

by the way, you've been off this sub for a while, what happened?
gamber  images, gamber  wall papers, gamber  cricket matches, gamber  clt20 pictures, gamber  ipl wall papers, gamber clt20 cricket videos, gamber cricket record news, gamber  kkr  images, gamber  kkr  wallpapers, gamber  kkr  pictures, gamber  kkr  up coming match details, gamber coming match live videos, gamber  up coming cricket match videos, gamber  kolkata knight riders live matches, gamber  kolkata knight riders imges, gamber  kolkata knight riders  live cricket videos, gamber  kolkata knight riders  up coming cricket news, gamber  kolkata knight riders  up coming cricket videos, gamber  kolkata knight riders  live updates, gamber  kolkata knight riders  cricket live streaming, gamber  kolkata knight riders  clt20 cricket videos, gamber  kolkata knight riders clt20 wallpapers, gamber  kolkata knight riders  images, gamber  kolkata knight riders  pictures, gamber  kolkata knight riders  latest videos, gamber  kolkata knight riders  latest news, gamber  kolkata knight riders &amp; kalis  images, kalis  live cricket images, kalis  wallpapers, kalis  cricket matches, kalis  kolkata knight riders  cricket videos, kalis  kolkata knight riders  cricket live matches, kalis  kolkata knight riders  cricket videos, kalis  kolkata knight riders  up coming latest news, bretle kolkata knight riders  cricket videos, bretle kolkata knight riders  images, bretle kolkata knight riders  wallpapers, bretle kolkata knight riders  pictures, bretle kolkata knight riders  live cricket videos, bretle kolkata knight riders  record of cricket videos. 
oh, and swann provides further evidence of his dick-dom.
what a load of crap.
it's not a bad place at all, nice work bloodandguts. for normal (and jealous) londoners, the oval has a 2 hour coached net session on a friday evening, which is pretty good too. think it costs around £12. runs from oct - april. http://www.kiaoval.com/nets/

awesome! for my uni team, we get to train in the basin reserve nets. im not sure if they hide any good nets there as the ones we used last year were meh as well. 
imperial?
nope. king's college, the most awesome place in the world 
may be i am not a major cricket fan, but the reason i now love the windies is not because of the fact that they have no sledging history and all that but because of the way they seemed to enjoy the tournament. just saying.
&gt;by the way, you've been off this sub for a while, what happened?

i don't watch the t20 format, so there hasn't been anything for me to talk about lately.
just odis for you then?
no, just test cricket; sachin doesn't play odis anymore.
ah. so when he retires, you'll stop watching?
yeah. i barely watch it now as it is, i just watch his innings, that's it.

you have to understand, from the time i was old enough to make sense of things as a kid, sachin's been playing. i've not known an indian team without him starring in it. i don't care about the dhonis or the gambhirs or the indian team for that matter at all.

you might have heard thousands of times that sachin is more than just a player for the indians, and you might believe it, but you won't know how true it is unless you're an indian.
fair enough. was just curious is all. 

it's a shame, there's a lot of good players around and you know your stuff.
[link to robelinda's youtube profile] (http://www.youtube.com/user/robelinda?feature=watch)
nice! here where i'm at uni we train at the base of cricket scotland, quality indoor net facilities.
&gt;"hopefully we can draw a line under the whole episode and **crack on with the tour of india.**"

they really picked the wrong tour to mend things!
people whining over 'mankading'.
i guess you can say this guy was.. having.. a ball.

yyyeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhh.
&gt;excuses are found, plots are unearthed, there is much loathing on message boards and in chat rooms,


harsha is on /r/cricket?
robelinda is the man, has some incredible videos... and i always enjoy him trolling indian fans :)
dude is the ultimate cricket troll, friggin legend 
&gt;  charl langeveld...t

&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; the people behind this website need a crash course in web design (among other things)


that's awesome! you'd better post some pics when you start training! 
you have succeeded in your endeavour. :/
he does all the videos for cricinnfo or stickcricket its a great one to be subbed to none the less.
fill this newbie in, so a bowler can start a delivery and not bowl the ball, and try to run out (or is it stump?) the batter? is this done often on purpose, or is there an equivalent of a [balk](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balk) in cricket? or do i have this entire incident wrong?
king's college is the most awesome place in the world. i'm going to get into a debate over this.

in all honesty, nothing pisses me off more than when people try to claim one university is better than another. most debates like this are based off bs 'facts' and really don't prove anything.
they definitely need kp. also i guarantee that if kp is playing, then the crowds will be bigger.
kelburn park ftw
so will it come under jayasuryas batting history as international match ?
he's an equal opportunity troll, it's just that the indian's fall for it more often.
it's called [mankading](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/run_out#running_out_a_batsman_.22backing_up.22). one of the weird rules that makes cricket fun :)
australia thanks jim for starting to beat some sense into him. it worked. we are all still pinching ourselves that he turned into such a good captain.
there are just more of us.
i don't mind this - it is part of the risk of trying to throw the stumps down, so why should the batting team be disadvantaged?
years of mcgrath and warne dominating goes to show you just pick your best bowlers. talent like that uses whatever conditions they're in to their advantage. 
is it me or do board politics play a big role in who gets to be in the team?
he hit him and all he did was snarl and ask him what he was doing?  there must be more to that story.
i recommend reading this article: http://www.espncricinfo.com/champions-league-twenty20-2012/content/current/story/586496.html

it explains how teams are chosen to participate in the uefa champions league (the inspiration, presumably, for the clt20) and as it turns out that "the system used in european football is based on rankings, not ownership of an event". in the end, the tournament is missing out on some of the best teams from other countries because of the current structure of the clt20. 

nix_nabilz is right - the second (and third/fourth team if they choose to include them) should be the ones playing for a chance to participate in the tournament (considering they are not "champions"). 
although the other two bowling spots *were* often decided by the pitch - e.g. macgill was always picked alongside warne for scg games and on the subcontinent.
i agree with you, i think too much emphasis is put on what kind of pitch it is. sure, play two spinners on the sub-continent, or four quicks on the faster australian pitches, but only if those players are evenly matched.

it's simple maths - only fiddle with the bowling attack if the advantage given by playing to the pitch (which, outside of continental differences, is rarely a lot) outweighs the disadvantage of choosing a lower-ranked bowler.
the dude has piles upon piles of cricket vhs tapes. what a legend.
totally agree with you, but in the case of vinay kumar, he was kind of forced on dhoni since he was named in the squad by the board. it was a bizarre selection, and while he did decently in the odis, he is no where close to being a test quality player. 
couldn't pick a better time.
giving warnings to batsmen if they are mankading/obstructing field and the like. batsman is not following the rules. just get him out. he is a professional cricketer, there shouldn't be a need for warnings.
it's a similar thing with nz, we have a lot of decent seam bowlers but i don't think we have any test quality spin bowlers. i think the best lineup nz can put out is 4 seamers + vettori (who would be mostly playing as a batsman).

i do think you should play your best players whenever possible, obviously if the pitch is strongly favoured one way or the other then some changes should be made though.
i feel stupid, i had video and the description showing, trying to figure out why this was supposed to be funny.

took me far too long to scroll down.
first of all, the uefa champions league is organised by uefa while the champions league t20 is **not** organised by the icc. if it was organised by the icc, then i would completely agree with you in having every major test-playing nation sending a team to the league.

second of all, yes the naming of the tournament is wrong and it should have been called the ind-rsa-ca champions league but hey they are at least inviting non-stakeholders to get a chance to participate. as i said before, crying about not letting teams from non-stakeholder nations is like crying about not getting dividends without investing in the first place. **if you want the dividends, you invest in the league first**.  yes, if some board invested in the league and still did not get its team(s) to play in the league, now that would be unfair.

finally i'm not saying bcci is a saint, but in the end, it all comes down to business and what is the best way to [generate revenues](http://www.espncricinfo.com/magazine/content/story/585808.html) for this relatively new league. without ipl teams, i doubt this league would even make financial sense to host. do you think an average epl fan would bother watching a game between some random club from romania playing some other random club from slovakia?
looks like my batting stance :)
i agree that mankading should be legitimate without warning. all those who whinged use the 'spirit of cricket' stick to beat up people when they can't defend their views rationally. it completely escapes me, how a non-striker backing up too far (against the rules) is within the spirit of cricket but a bowler mankading a runner (within the rules) is against the spirit. 
why's everyone so eager for cricket to pakistan? it's not like shit has improved and people are less likely to get shot.

i mean, i would like to see cricket played in pakistan and it's terrible for the fans there who don't get to see international cricket on local soil, but why is there no sense of realism about it?
i like getting any tickets to lords games to be honest - these seats were sorted by friends. i prefer slightly higher and behind the bowler, but it's hard to get those seats consistently. at lords, one side is taken by the members pavilion. 
dont feel bad. you are not alone there. we have all been there :) hehe
fuck dhoni off.
oh, anderson and swann annoy me (count broad in as well). bunch of arrogant, annoying pricks. 

just a short while ago, they were leading crusades against kp and when the t20wc reinforced that their selected middle order is shite against spin, they are ready to warm up to kp. 
always pick the 3 best bowlers you've got, with the pitch only coming to play for the fourth bowling slot. it seems to have worked for the dominant sides of the last 30 years....
couldn't agree more.
a mediocre paceman on a fast bouncy pitch is still a mediocre bowler. go in with your best every time. 
i think its all down to what kind of bowlers you have. in the 90s australia had the luxury of having mcgrath, gillespie and warne as mainstays. depending on the conditions they would bring in lee/kasprowicz or macgill as the fouth bowler. that was mostly because each of their options were good enough to take wickets on any pitch. now they probably wouldn't play 2 spinners in any conditions because they don't have a lot of good spinners in their reserves.

i think where dhoni's faltered is in picking sreesanth/vinay kumar who just weren't good enough to exploit the conditions. overall - i think its good to pick your bowling attack on basis of the conditions, but only if your 4th or 5th bowling option is a good enough bowler on his own.
true. its got a lot to do with your reserve strength though.

you'd pick  macgill over a lee on a spinning track, but would you pick  doherty or o'keefe over siddle/hilfenhaus? especially if you're up against a side which can play spin well?
form then conditions then opposition weakness.
dominance comes through having 3-4 bowlers that are difficult to drop. the other sides aren't weak because they don't apply the strategy, they're weak because they don't have those players.
nice try ali cook
actually, it's kind of a moot point with those two. warne on a typical perth track was still more likely to get wickets than a fourth paceman; mcgrath on a subcontinent dust bowl was way more likely to get wickets than a third spinner.
definitely. chennai super kings players get priority
;)
mitchell and webb have such an hilarious view on things.
their football one was amazing too.
blame alec stewart of england for it. he started it vs lara. msd is another silly cunt who does such things. 
1. to an extent it is kind of automatic due to anxiety, similar to how viewers await what happens at the batsman's end. in the heat of things, you just cant even notice that you're doing it, and find yourself a couple of paces down the track. any cricketer 'feels' it. that's why when things are a little more than usual, warnings from the bowler ensue, and there after the bails taken off if not heeded. 

2 &amp; 3. as others have :d
sl were never gentlemanly in their sport. remember that 900 run test score? nonsense sportspeople i say. 

murali is a chucker. when you play on the pitch, it has to look legal, otherwise the batsman is distracted and the bowler hence has an unfair advantage. that should never be allowed, but the politics and sri lanka's tactics worked. 
there is one guy from cricinfo here.
they beat yugoslavia in the semi's "by 400 wickets to 7 runs, all of it for 8"
it's nice to see factually accurate representations of cricket in other media.
pretty accurate, i reckon.
&gt;nothing pisses me off more than when people try to claim one university is better than another.

that's because you're at strand poly and they're usually right .
prove it.

also prove that it's true for my course - medicine. 
proof if proof be need be:

i'm burlington bertie, 

i'm short, fat and dirty, 

my college reflects my high class - high class. 

i walk down the strand, 

with my cock in my hand, 

and wave it at king's as i pass. 

oh bert, bert, 

i come in my shirt, 

at least i go to uc - uc. 

there's one thing i'm sure of, 

strand poly are wankers, 

i'm burlington bert from uc. uc!!
 
that's me, and him, and her, and him and him...
i thought we could have an interesting debate. i guess not. 
you can't run someone out like that first time anyway, you're meant to give them one warning first time. only then can you run someone out for backing up.
i'm afraid any hope of civilised debate was lost when your lot thieved jeremy bentham's head.



^(ps. no actual offense intended, all was in jest)
haha, no offense taken!
i'm not trying to show it's better than imperial! i'm trying to say that there is no real way to say which is better, and that it isn't objective, university comparisons are very subjective and apply to an individual rather than a population. 
mitchell and webb is such an awesome show. peep show was amazing as well. 
irrational is right, that was an unbelievably moronic thing to do. i remember the incident vividly, it still boggles the mind. that wasnt a semifinal though, it was a group match that iirc took wi out of contention for the semifinals.

edit: as someone else pointed out in another thread, imagine in baseball if you let off a person trying to steal a base for sportsmanship reasons. you'd be laughed out of the league.
neither uni is better, that's what i'm trying to say. i wanted to study medicine, i felt king's was the best place in the country *for me*

that's my point, that it's up to an individual, and you can't say objectively that x is better than y.

it's like cricket bats. you can't just say one type of cricket bat is better. sehwag plays best with a light , tendulkar with a heavier one. neither is really better. 

i predict a tie series in both.india needs the pitches to turn early if they want to win it and playing in the winter will help english fast bowlers.south africa is really going to miss abdv.
quite literally, a night watchman.  good luck to him.
hilarious but like the monty python sketches more

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deh4ahccrjo

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcyzbe4ffyo

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khqxefh90iu

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7xkv0xhz6i   [nsfw]

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-vwzrbojoa

strength of the attack, that said zaheer won't be a regular for me
india and sa to win,

and what happened to ab?
that was actually really funny.
i reckon that girl's tits would have been equally seductive.
til pull leg is make fun of.
[cricket australia web site](http://www.cricket.com.au/video/live-video)

they stream sheffield shield matches, albeit sans commentary and sometimes sans any audio. can't vouch whether they stream one-day matches, and i think big bash is big enough that the rights go elsewhere, but the four-day league is on the cricket australia site.
[fox sports runs a live stream] (http://www.foxsports.com.au/cricket/domestic-cricket/live-stream) 
thanks, but they don't have the current ryobi cup games for some reason. i specifically want to watch the tasmania versus south australia game.
rob's a top guy. he's got so much footage it's ridiculous, although getting him to upload anything positive about jacques kallis appears to be impossible.


stunning lack of richard chee quee on his channel.
todd astle is gun. calling it now.
subscription only for one-day and t20 games.
against good players of spin? no. if we were playing england in the subcontinent tomorrow, however, i would consider taking sok over hilfenhaus. o'keefe is criminally underrated.
it has to be a combination. all else being equal, on a dustbowl you take a second spinner over a third quick (and vice versa on a greentop). however, that is only if you believe the benefit derived from conditions would override any skill differential between the bowlers. for example, a pick between macgill/kasprowicz is far closer than between doherty/pattinson.
[slightly longer ](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5xknixlgs0#t=50s)
yeah, i'm pretty excited that he got picked. i've been following his performances in domestic fc matches and they're pretty damn good.
yup - if they dropped two of the ipl teams and had 1x poms, 2x aussies, 2x indians, 1x south africans, 1x wi, 1x sl, 1x bl and 3x qualifiers i'd be more likely to watch as i'm interested to see the strength of the different domestic teams. i don't want to watch another ipl each year- i don't watch ipl and i won't watch ipl plus selected guests.
this is twice as funny if you speak french. the quebecan accents just top it off.
anyone know any for indian domestic?

they're showing the game on star cricket hd (in india). maybe one of the regular sites like crictime.com etc are streaming a live feed? 


created by an englishmen, mastered by the south africans. oh how times have changed. you'll never see south africa go into a test with 4 frontline spinners ever again.
rob's an absolute champ
long story short - mi didn't want him.

the rules state that each team can have upto 5 foreign players and the ipl teams have to pay $150,000 to the home team of the players they pull from other teams which qualify. i am guessing gibbs was not in the top 5 foreign players they had last season.
tired after game, will update later. but i guess you have a story to tell, op. haven't you?
played in the nets, not very good, need to work on my offside shots
my story is that, the club couldn't find enough players for u17's squad, so we put in a very, very low seniors squad. first game was saturday (yesterday) and we won the toss and batted first. the outfield was possibly the worst ever and the pitch was just mowed a bit shorter than the rest of the field. we were bowled out for 52 after being about 8/30. i made two runs from no. 11. the other team chased down the total pretty easy but we managed to get five wickets which was a positive. i also met di venuto today at the cricket. (sa vs. tas)
on the front foot or back?
both! but whenever i play on the backfoot the ball is never within my reach
considering that perth is really not gibb's 'home' team, i wonder how it works out if mi did want him.

would the bbl and ipl teams clash to grab their best player in? bidding war , punchup of chairmans?
2/36 from my 8 overs. struggled to find a length early but wrapped up the innings as i was finding my stride. kicked off the season to an early win.
19 of 27 with a high temperature, tennis ball 15 overs
too much cricket is killing the game. 
my season was over two weeks ago. didn't take any wickets but went for runs. dropped a catch. could have been a hero with the bat, but instead scored my third duck of the season. we lost. new custom bat too heavy, sending it back. all rather disappointing. already looking forward to next season though :)
i think his south african team should qualify as his home team. he plays for cape cobra in the pro20 apparently and they didn't qualify.
the story behind the movie, apparently they're remaking it in english

http://www.espncricinfo.com/magazine/content/story/585493.html
i don't think there is a limit of 5 players in the squad as csk played ben hilfenhaus, michael hussey, faf du plessis and doug bollinger today. they still have albie morkel and dwayne bravo in the remaining squad minimum.
yeah not just dhoni but recently the whole indian board has been picking bowlers for conditions. i just can't get the answer why was piyush chawla picked in the squad for wt20 2012 ahead of umesh yadav who has proved himself time and again, even just yesterday he blew kkr away.
4/36 off 10. first bowl of the year, pretty happy with how they were coming out.
can any indian update me on the fact as to where wasim jaffer is? what a solid opener he was for india and i think he has been wasted at the international level. if i remind myself, i think he had just one poor series in australia and since then he has never made it back to the squad.

ms dhoni is a blessing for india brothers. don't underestimate him. he is an unbelievable character and should continue to lead india till 2015 at least. and as far as i know the sub-continent culture, he sure will.
yeah that's why he is an interesting candidate, where he can qualify for the clt20 from two other teams (none being his 'home' team).
played my first game since having a knee reco. haven't bowled in a year and a half, but i bowled 7 overs, and took 2 for around 20. really pleased, and happy the knee held up!  
we bowled them out for 192 off 39 (we got smacked around a fair bit), and are currently 2/131, should finish it off comfortably next week.
i know right? before last night, he's also had some cracker games for nsw, and had a strong ending to last year's big bash.

i reckon he'll be in the selectors' minds now, but a spot in the aus side is going to be very hard to come by for a batting all-rounder. keep in mind dan christian made 80+ not out last night to almost bring sa home, and he has an international hat-trick to his name. on top of that, mitch marsh also just had a strong innings saving his side, and steve smith is in excellent form as well. a lot is said of australia's young fast bowling stocks, but another rich area for us is all-rounders. i haven't even gotten to other fringe all-rounders like o'keefe, mcdonald, faulkner, butterworth, hastings, hopes.

he should definitely be called up if the opportunity arises, but i'm having trouble picturing a scenario where that would be likely.

edit: although looking at his list of 1-digit scores in the county comp, i'm not sure a spot in the test side with the intention of taking him to the ashes is the best idea. though his figures with the ball are very handy!
you could throw him into the 2020 side no problem drop, hussey or hussey or white. 

but getting into the more serious formats might be harder, the top order in the test team looks pretty settled for the first time in a while. you could squeeze him into the odi team maybe but there are a lot of guys fighting for the spots that forrest and bailey are in and it seems like the selectors are trying to make bailey into a fixture.
whoa, i wasn't aware hussey snr's spot was at risk =s

but yeah, henriques' current form is probably stronger than d. hussey's or white's. but keep in mind cam white had an even better run of form in ipl 2012 than henriques' current one, before being called up. and look how that turned out.

just saying, our guys have gotta be consistent!

and yeah re: the odi side. forrest has pretty much given up his spot, having not had a decent innings since the end of last summer in australia. it's gonna be hard to pry bailey out, since he has the knack of getting a good innings when the sweat is on, or when no-one's watching. it'll be interesting to see what happens this summer, that's for sure.
what?
the problem with henriques is that his bowling can be utterly belted by good batsmen, same as christian.
sheffield shield features a ball-by-ball text commentary, too. it's fantastic, especially in comparison to the utter lack of coverage from the last decade.
i reckon it'd be really cool! i'd be up for listening and maybe contributing. 
always good. i'd be keen to hear it. 

also, was confused initially by "r/cricjet"
dwayne bravo is not in the squad. he withdrew due to injury.
only if i can contribute!

but yeah, for sure. i honestly don't know much about other cricket podcasts or communities as this is the only one i've ever been involved with, but i think we have an excellent, good-hearted and polite community.

that said, i only have the cricinfo comments boards to compare with =p
http://imgur.com/heatx
i would love to do this
and here i am sitting on reddit
you are right that bravo is not in the squad but kulasekara has replaced dwayne, so the original point is still valid. you can checkout the squad list -http://www.espncricinfo.com/champions-league-twenty20-2012/content/squad/582237.html
i don't think there is 5 foreign player rule. in fact all ipl team squads have 6 foreign players and a total squad of 16. http://www.espncricinfo.com/champions-league-twenty20-2012/content/squad?object=566250
aren't we all!
i suggest we call it the 'weekly cricjet podcast' (or something similar)

seriously though - this is a good idea. i think the conversation here is usually insightful and in good humor.i've also noticed a good number of club level cricketers (not mere "internet warriors") and i love hearing their perspective on things. that is an element lacking from a lot of other cricket media. its usually just journalists or ex-professionals.
a double in fact! what a return.
same as anyone these days, but i too would prefer if they didn't just leap on his batting form and call him up. let him get through the season, see how it goes.
india, take note.
talking about playing tests is a bit hasty. he only just made his first century!
for the love of god, no!!!


he has a good technique, i will give him that, however he is a long, long way away from commanding test selection. i watched his big ton the the shield match, but it is worth noting he was playing on bankstown oval, which is pretty damn small and a bit of a road, and prior to that he had never made a ton in fc cricket.


brad haddin made a ton as well, having batted like utter shit for the first half of the day. henriques was more fluent, and he did impress me, but he needs more innings like that before even being considered.


if he were playing t20is, it would have to be as a specialist batsman. his bowling, not unlike christian's, is not international quality. no way is he deposing shane watson.


henriques would be picked on potential, and mitch marsh is *way* ahead of him on that count. plus andrew mcdonald has experience over moises in the batting all rounder stakes. yeah, he's played a few good knocks in differing roles, but he has yet to prove any consistency or bowl to even a domestic standard regularly.


bucketloads of potential, but bloody well needs to keep doing something with it.
we're talking about 2 innings here - his 160 at bankstown in the shield, made on a small ground that's a bit of a road, with tasmania's top bowler struggling with muscle issues in his side (jackson bird was getting treatment all day, and faulkner was bowling tripe), and a random blast in a t20. he needs to get some consistency under his belt and prove himself over a couple of summers. 
nah, moey's more than most (unfortunately; despite my postings he's pretty local to me). he randomly concedes 10 an over because he's easy to target. not unlike ben cutting.
whilst i would love for that to happen, why would it? it's an indian tournament. also what about the players from all the other teams? 
yes! for those not up to date he scored a double century and got caught out.
just pointing out how various countries rate the importance of test cricket. the main reason india is continually under performing in the test arena, is that it simply is not important to the bci. as was pointed out in the whitewash against australia a while back, as soon as the ipl rolls around all this will be forgotten.
well put.
great idea. let me know what i can do to help set it up.
so did we... rained midweek and pitches couldn't be done in time.
best of luck hogan!  strong personality but also a brilliant cricketing mind ... brought many a smile to many fans' faces.

hoping you can come back like yuvi and crack a ton for wgtn!
you say continually under performing, but is that true? does two disgraceful tours define continuous under performance? i don't think so 
you've already done plenty ;)
is it true? yes, it's true.

have a look at the win/loss averages for all teams in the last 25 years, and you'll find india ranked about 5th on the list. considering the quality of players india has produced, this is under achieving. they are below pakistan.
truthfully, when watto is not injured, it doesn't matter what format he is in, he moves the team alone. he is awesome at it. what's sad is ca going crazy with marketing of bbl and making window for clt20 for star players. then why this change of heart, all of a sudden. would clarke be back in australia if pune warriors had qualified? 
imagine if you are watson, at the grandest stage of t20 and all of a sudden told, nah mate a. you need to come back b. you still need to prove you are worth coming back in the team. wtf? no wonder players like him and kp can get rubbed the wrong way.
ca need to realise how big watto is, and then sit with him to create a program with and around him. his commitment to australia can't be challenged, so best to work with him to see which tournaments he can or can't play beyond his australian duties, and what would financially help him too (otherwise hello kp down under). let's not forget the ipl got him a chance back into the australian side, so tournaments like them can't be ignored, and thinking they done hone the skills is just acting ignorant in this day and age.
india's 'poor' performance, has been b'coz of their lack of experience on swinging wickets, same for the poms and australia on spinning wickets. ipl has helped india become an expert at home and on spinning wickets, while county and domestic has helped poms, australia and sa on swinging wickets (sa also has steyn so it doesn't really matter which wicket you play him).
what needs to be there is a balance. more subcontinent players need to play county, bbl etc, while more non-subcontinent players need to play ipl etc. 
hopefully one day there will be more well balanced, equal teams, with home teams not really having an advantage, maybe then, just maybe then we may see a good competition.

wait what? you can't use records for the last 25 years and then blame it on the ipl! india was awful during the 90s. look at their record since 2000
&gt;india was awful during the 90s.

would you say 'under performing'?
i think what we are seeing is a clear separation between the different forms of the game. when this occurs, by necessity, a cricket board has to decide which one is more important and make the necessary decisions.

the acb is indicating that success in the test arena is it's priority, and decisions like this are the result.

it's a case of not having your cake and eating it. if you want to be good at one form, it will be necessary to make sacrifices in the other forms, both for the country and for the player.

the situation with kp is almost the reverse of this: he thinks he is more important than the english cricket team.
agree. the board needs to make one decision and stick with it. right now it's lets keep finances happy with bbl, but we need an awesome test team too. honestly, they need to balance both, but by having one person (out of many who will be playing test) leave a tournament continents away mid way and say he is still not guaranteed a place is just ludacris, if you really wanted him why not just get him back home after the world t20. talk about making your employees unhappy. i think we are seeing  radical change in player behaviour, where a board is not everything to/for them (which is fine, you still need to feed the kids), and boards still trying to have complete control over how and what the player should do. it's a situation of genx and geny in any other industry. cricket boards need to think a bit differently now, individual opportunistic plans need to be made for all players to play for the board and for the player's themselves. 
'banning' facebook at work, doesn't mean your employees will start working more.
obviously i cannot back this up at all, but i have a feeling that the captain has a hand in this. i think pup's hardness and drive are vastly understated - he has that steve waugh and ab 'my way or the highway' mentality (ask katich, if you can find him!) but for some reason we never hear about it. it would not surprise me at all if we found out that clarke had set a commitment date - be here by the 15th, or you will not play.

my thoughts, and as said, completely without any base! just a feeling i get. he is a harder man than we know.   
good luck mc. you tormented us young indians in the 90's a lot with your amazing batting. 
you may just be right, his comments (see article above) were quite hard-line.
as a test fanatic, i absolutely love it that our cricketing culture is test focussed. the west indies, for example, can lose the next 20 tests by an innings, and they will still be partying over the 20/20 world cup! 
perhaps. but the team was pretty poor during this time 
i love tests personally myself too, but i am a fan of t20s especially at the end of a work day. can see the tests surviving only it's well balanced with other formats too. unfortunately i reckon odis might have to give way.
i don't think she is mrs clarke though. didn't he take time off a test series to dump her?
the bcci are scum but the players don't care about test cricket as much too. any of them (ex - gambhir who is struggling for form) could have stood up and said i am going to stay back to focus on upcoming tests.

also, to be fair, watson was probably called back because of he is injury prone. warner, hussey, haddin, starc &amp; cummins are still going to stay back and they're all probably going to be part of the test team too. (so its not like the ca is taking a stand against t20 cricket on the whole)
i was just thinking about this, it would only work if we had a self.post submitted with possible topics of discussion  a couple of days before the podcast was recorded, and where users could then express an interest in participating, possibly on a first come first served basis but that will have to be decided

logistically, i've no idea how you can get users from potentially four continents all set up at the right time, and to record the thing together. does skype have a conference call facility?
i think that their record is worse than it should have been, and definitely since 95. on paper alone, india's line up was equal to any except the australian team, yet i think they only have a win/loss ratio around 1.3 to 1. i think it is simply a result of not placing the same amount of importance to tests as to odis and now 20/20s. 

in all honesty, indians (both the team and fans) would rate a odi world cup as the pinnacle of achievement, where as england, say, would rate a 5 - 0 ashes triumph as the best result imaginable. 

i think this article underlines that from the australia perspective, that tests are more important than anything else. if india want to be more consistent at tests, i think they should take a leaf out of the aussie's book. that said, it's different strokes for different folks. i will always rate tests higher than anything, but that's just my opinion of it all.
not sure but google voice/video chat does
definitely. i think if the current success of twenty/20's continues, tests could be in some danger. at the moment they are safe, with sa, aust and england firmly committed to them, but if the other top sides don't fully commit to them, it could be a case of too few teams to have a decent competition.
agree 100%.

i think this should be read as 'australia values tests' rather than 'australia hates 20/20'. it's clear that australia are really focussed on getting back to number 1 in tests, and will do everything it can to make that happen.

good call on watson's injury problems.
in the medium to long term - neither.  i hope we find someone else (no idea who yet). in the meantime i am happy to stick with wade, picking haddin again would be an (enormous) step backwards.  
give it to haddin. he had a poor summer last year but there's no reason he can't have a good one this year. 36 is a more-than-acceptable test average for a wicketkeeper-batsman, and really there's no need to throw wade in the deep end. but it's definitely going to be his last year or two.

i say let the keeping talent foster another season. wade was the man for the job in the west indies but it's not like he was banging down the door. if he's the man for the ashes, let him prove it now that the spotlight is on him. let paine, nevill and hartley stake their claims. wade got 89, but right now hartley is leading the lot. this year is the tryout for next permanent keeper.

give haddin some credit - he'll do a good enough job with spot until we know exactly who his replacement will be.
i think you should look at how india got to number 1. look at their away performance since 2000. they won at home, as usual, and started winning tests in australia, south africa, new zealand, england and the west indies. even winning test series in these nations, except sa and australia 
[for those that don't know the root of "cricjet"](http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/10onon/downvotes/)
they got to number 1 because everyone else was worse, not because they were a great team. look what happened.
haddin. wade is respectable behind the stumps but i wouldn't expect him to come in when the team is collapsing at 78-6 and really dig in for a day and a half, which haddin certainly did do during the last ashes on more than one occasion. i would definitely keep haddin as the test keeper and wade as the limited-overs specialist. 

long-term, tim paine is back with a vengeance and there are a lot of other younger guys coming through the shield that are showing promise. 
i'm in. if you want the non conventional view that is. 

thanks, thanks very much.
sad news, hope he gets through it. 
he declared that innings a long time ago... 

edit: i'm so sorry.
agree. i might also be able to help with the podcast.
yep same here.
skype does have a conference call, but not sure how that would work. maybe each week we can have a podcast from each area/continent, so everyone participating will be in roughly the same time zone. 
pro-tip - mention sachin tendulkar in it, and then watch it get hits like crazy.
hmmm, wouldn't that make it all a bit homogenous?
give it a try, very interesting idea.  

make a post about it when you have uploaded the first episode, it could become a discussion thread for it as well. you can title the thread "podcast thread: episode #1, october 15th" or something like that and we can change the font color for podcast threads like we have green for match threads.  

we can then add a link to the podcast on the sidebar like they have on /r/soccer.
  


this is a ridiculous statement to make. india was the best test team during it's ascendancy to the number one ranking. we had an astounding batting order (look at gambhir and sehwag's stats during this period and compare them to their present stats and you will realise the difference), we had very good spinners and in zaheer khan we had one of the best seam bowlers in the world. 
so therefore they got to number 1 by being the best test team in the world at that time. 
indeed, but the quality of the opposition has to be considered. with almost exactly the same team, you were humiliated in two recent tours, against opposition in australia's case that is no where near the best team in the world, but was better than it was in previous years.
certainly. what happened next? 
way to shoehorn india in this discussion. kudos. 

indian players (and even the board) cares about test cricket. and even the fans do. do you really believe the ipl heroes (a la paul valthaty) are treated as heroes throughout the year? do you not realise that despite their despite tremendous performances in the shorter version of the game yuvraj and raina are still not considered comparable to laxman? the 281 is still considered an indian batsmen greatest innings over the past couple of decades, and still adored by the indian fans. 

yes, india has not performed well over the last two international tourts (note: only the last two) but to claim that they don't care about test cricket is doing them a disservice. listen to raina's interviews, despite his shortcomings the guy is desperate to succeed at the test level. the same is the case with the likes of yuvraj and kohli. or ishant, who skipped ipl so he could play test cricket. 

as for under performing, citing india's away performances over the last 25 years is laughable. we didn't have decent bowlers, we were struggling for half-decent openers and our middle order revolved around tendulkar and azhar. only since the emergence of the fab four have we had a decent batting order in the last 25 years (and only for a brief period a stable opening pair). zaheer's resurgence started around 2007-07. you need to realise a lot about indian cricket before making such sweeping statements. 
yeah, it's not like any of the current team have ever indicated tests are not as important as odis, or anything like that.

your statement is factually incorrect. let's take the english tour:

openers: not same (sehwag injured, came back unfit)

middle order: same (albeit getting on in years, but we will ignore that)

spinners: absent (harbhajan was injured, kumble had long retired, and there were no reserves)

fast bowlers: not same (zaheer injured, ishant barely lasted the series and sreesanth and pk are not our regular test bowlers).

regarding australia,

openers: same (however, woefully out of form -&gt; these were the guys who had performed against better bowlers)

middle order: same (and quite a shambolic performance)

spinners: different (ashwin's first series outside india)

fast bowlers: a horrible zaheer (his end is nigh, an inconsistent ishant and raw yadav). 

this was not the team that climbed to the top. and everyone of these guys have had excellent performances against much better bowlers, so to say that india's rise was only due to the lack of bowlers would be a disservice to the indian team. 
ah, so it's not their fault,

meanwhile......
i don't know if you are being sarcastic, but i can't recall any indian player indicating that tests are not as important as ipl (you could make a case for sehwag since he played the ipl despite being injured). 
they maintained their ranking for 18 months. then they won the world cup and everything went to shit 
against quality opposition, too.
they are under pressure to play though. to some extent, indian players are controlled by sponsors and corporation.

also let me remind you, ishant sharma skipped ipl to play in australia tests, yuvi wants to play test cricket again, pujara's entire game is modeled for tests, raina said he would like to play at least 80 tests, kohli said his first test hundred felt better than all his odi hundreds.
http://www.espncricinfo.com/india-v-new-zealand-2012/content/story/580452.html

http://www.espncricinfo.com/magazine/content/story/548388.html

http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2012-10-12/top-stories/34411499_1_yuvraj-singh-test-team-duleep-trophy

http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2012/content/story/558851.html

i hate the ipl just as much as you seem to, but i'm under no illusion that indian players want to play test cricket.
the one thing that annoys me though is that tendulkar's photo on his facebook page is him in a mumbai indians shirt. 

no ones saying they don't want to play, but is it more important than the other forms of the game?
whoa! probably one of the executives got their teenage son to intern  as their 'social media expert'. the person behind that feed is unhinged and needs to calm the fuck down!
well of course.
depends on the country - i've always been aware that the regional composition of the team is a big deal in , say india, or the wi, but before the internet i had no idea of the level of friction between different australian states. i'd sort of imagined aus as a big green'n'gold monolith, so was taken aback to see the dissension between wa, nsw and so on
well, there have been instances with sehwag and zaheer where they've played the ipl or cl when their fitness was iffy and managed to injure themselves for the next test tour.

i don't deny that most indian cricketers show a desire to succeed in tests but sometimes show less *hunger* when it comes to it? like i really don't think gambhir should be out here given the kind of form he's been in. he would have better off playing the duleep trophy and getting his form back. 

then again - cricket is a funny sport. for all you know he will recover his form against england and the entire argument will be moot.
is that facebook page official (i haven't checked it).
i guarantee you gambhir won't recover his form. he needs to be dropped.
why?
yes
it's not the same as facing a top quality attack on a testing pitch, but i'll take it. watching yuvraj bat like that was much better than hearing about this champions league shit. 
could be that they change the cover photo to reflect the team he is currently representing. 
hopefully. but i would think he's always representing india :p

i'd love for his picture to be of him in whites. considering how much influence he has in india, i don't think it would be that hard for him to just make a statement asking the fans to turn up to test matches. i think the crowds in most places are still fine, it's only really eden gardens that seems to have turned its back on the indian cricket team. 
yeah, he could make a statement, but sachin rarely does that. 

it is really sad to see an empty eden gardens for an india match and a full one for kkr's trophy presentation. eden gardens should not be allocated test matches in the foreseeable future. 
oh crap! good bloke! how can you not remember '92 world cup talking about mc. hope it is a curable variety!
i don't understand why bengal has rejected team india. the problem with indians is that too many of them just care about stars, and not about the team aspect. i think dada retiring had a big impact on things. 

for the first day of the west indies test at eden last year, 30,000 free passes were given out! guess what the attendance on the day was? 10,000. 

i thought cricket lovers were smart. they should realise the bullshit package they get for the ipl, and realise the quality available for test matches. people talk about t20 being the kind of thing you can bring your family to and have a nice time. that's what a lot of people do for test matches in england! it's got nothing to do with the formats themselves, it's to do with people's ignorant attitudes. 
/r/cricjet
i think australia would be well served by taking a page out of the mumbai indians's book. get johnson in at number three and put warner behind the stumps.
i'm thinking weekends using google hangout at a time that is somewhat acceptable to all timezones. can't be that tough to find one...

i'm open to taking the midnight slot (cst). i won't be participating too much as i don't think i'm knowledgeable enough. 
agreed, i think he is scheduled to play in another 2 games so let's see how he does there. the england attack will be 50 times better, but it's good to see he is fit enough to play a long innings.
if you can't watch the video because it's not available in your area, get a chrome extension called proxtube and then watch the video

https://proxtube.com/
it's probably got something to do with the amount of cricket. eden gardens get loads of it, maybe people are bored. let's spread international cricket to lesser known centres. india is a huge country, there are lots of unexplored cities. heck, i would love if i can get an international stadium in my city. :p
the stadium in cuttack recently got test status didn't it? i'd love to see a test there. 

lord's gets two tests every year and it still draws full houses.
thanks for the addon. works on firefox too, in case anyone is wondering. 
the fitness levels (read: body weight) look a little better compared to the t20wc. 
my point was aimed at stadiums where you don't see enough fans. chennai, bangalore and delhi get decent crowds for test matches. 
"this is called the reveal. there will come a time in every situation when true nature will be revealed. in every situation in life this happens. this post has accomplished that. it has exposed the so called journalists as unqualified shams. williamsons' resume showed a gap from high school to working as a volunteer for dr. king. peter - same deal - never had a job in his life other than selling knives to unsuspecting housewives in new jersey. today - they have been revealed. we want professionals with the training to decifer between right and wrong to report on our stories. we are by no means trying to control the press. as we are americans and believe strongly in the constitution and its amendments. bloggers - by luck put into a position - and taking advantage of a situation is un-american. they have fallen into a web and have now become the butt of their own sorrid existence. for years we have been held hostage by bloggers who insist that they are journalist. i was at yankee stadium last evening. in the press box surrounded by folks with press credentials as impressive as a backstage pass at a jay-z concert. peter wasn't there - cause of course he is a mets fan. i can assure you that peter has never been in the press box of citifield either. my point - i am working to make cricket professional. next year guaranteed in the month of september in newark nj - there will be cricket championships played in the newark bears stadium. guess what - unless the bloggers develop their careers then they will not be allowed there for the entire month of september. usa cricket has become a professional organization - yes we have internal problems but we don't need the one blogger in america divulging every disagreement that the board has. i offered peter a position to advocate usa cricket - instead he chooses to be like martin adverserial and ignorant to the laws of ethical reporting. what else would you expect with someone with a school boy education trying to imitate a journalist."

i don't think we needed facebook, or penna's article, to tell us that usaca is dysfunctional. 
dravid. he has at least 20 years left in him. he's basically a kid.
well,whenever it happens - sachin tendulkar.
i keed i keed :p
shane warne, was still playing glorious test cricket he was getting on in years but i think he could still be chucking down a few overs 
brian lara! agreed, he averaged ~42 in his last 10 matches, but he had the ability to last few more years. that's just my biased opinion.
malcolm marshal too! he averaged ~21 in his last 10 matches. is anybody in the world cricket averaging 21?


well, not exactly retired, but vinodh kambli played his last test when he was 24. talent gone waste. 

a lot of new zealanders seem to retire pretty early. 
&gt; wade is respectable behind the stumps but i wouldn't expect him to come in when the team is collapsing at 78-6 and really dig in for a day and a half,

[wade scored 90 for after the vics were 6/68 against queensland on a very green pitch at the gabba last week](http://www.espncricinfo.com/australia-domestic-2012/engine/current/match/576087.html)
philander averages 16 or so :p
that bowling was exceedingly mediocre. 
yeah man. even praveen kumar didn't look that good 
rehmani cricket direct launch new site selling rehmani cricket equipment.
yep chris cairns. but he was constantly getting injured. it'd have been great for him to hang around a bit longer!
shane bond :( 
i always thought gilly and haydos had a few more years in them. 

andrew symonds comes to mind, too. 
astle, fleming, crowe, bond, mcmillan, to name a few kiwis. some because of injuries, some because of the environment/ went to play icl.  
i also believe graham gooch had a couple more years left in him. 
i think you'd muddle through a contribution somehow.
freddie fucking flintoff
it's a good piece of batting and he's definitely the backup man if haddin cannot play, but:

1) vic was only replying to 149, not a great total by any stretch;
2) an early season game of the ss is stress-free as compared to facing the #1 test side in the world. 

obviously this innings is a good example of wade's talent, but given the same circumstances in a test match i think he's too young to perform similarly. 
virat *yawn* kohli *yawn* should probably start thinking about retiring soon... 
robin smith.
south africa are touring australia this summer. this always happens, sa players are just chipping in on some aussie home games to get the feel of the conditions before the test match.
pollock would still have been a star for most international teams when he retired. pity we had so many decent fast bowlers coming through.
he was a match winner, no doubt, but god damn.. his stats are awful...
styris
dean jones, but he was forced out of the team after a pitiful performance in sri lanka where he only averaged [55.2](http://static.espncricinfo.com/db/archive/1992-93/aus_in_sl/aus_in_sl_1992-93_test_avs.html).



i say wade if you want someone medium-long term. 
nah. he needed to go on a high note.
french lagaan?
kambli performed very well for the rest of his first class career. a damien martyn-like recall would've been great for him, but the selectors obviously thought a test batting average of 50+ was not enough.
bradman... could be dominating attacks from the grave.
he is a cunt...thats why he was dropped.
paine's not really 'back with a vengeance.' i know australia has a bit of a love affair with him (myself included), but he's only passed 50 once in 9 innings since he got back.
it's kenwyn williams, the executive secretary. definitely not a teenage son, i assure you. the man is delusional.
simon katich. i hate that he was essentially forced our of 1st class cricket.
yes, martin williamson, a chief editor for espncricinfo, is an 'unqualified blogger'. makes sense, doesn't it.
sanjay manjrekar. 
&gt; i think he's too young to perform similarly.

not quite sure what you mean here.

personally, i cannot see how there is a conclusive case either side. 

haddin's playing well, but he was (understandably, given his family illness) terrible late last year. dropped catches and *[that](https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/320624_10150350992535796_401176787_n.jpg)* terrible shot when australia were rolled for 47.

wade is solid, is definitely not under-performing, and is a much better keeper (though, that really doesn't amount to much in the scheme of things).

i suppose i lean towards wade.
symonds would rather be drinking and fishing than playing cricket. 
i think the point i was trying to make is that wade is impulsive, he's a slogger at heart and grinding out a long slow innings in a high-pressure scenario doesn't necessarily fit his play style. of course haddin isn't exactly going to be one for the record books, but i think he's just a more solid choice right at the moment. 

in the next year or two i would expect to see wade take over and that seems a good option, since that way we get the most out of haddin's ability to perform at top level and wade will have just that little bit more experience in international cricket. 
[a pretty fair assessment, cheaptrick32.](http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/c9.0.403.403/p403x403/548584_10151239002236063_258887850_n.jpg)





it was a gradual turn around from the 70s, where being a cunt got you selected.
paul sheahan. he was the best fielder to play cricket until mark waugh and jonty rhodes came along. he was a fluent but gritty batsman during the chappell era and he retired at 26 to become a school teacher. he was headmaster at melbourne grammar school for many years. 
i think it was more a problem with his attitude. 
garth mckenzie anyone?
good post. 
just ironically beat up his next 16 from 24 like it's a clear sign he's getting his form back. the crazy fans will assume it's serious, but anyone else will have a laugh. everyone is happy. maximum upvotes. india superpower!
the only bowler i can remember being able to send shivers up australian backs.

shame his own back crumbled under the pressure of bowling so quickly.
2003 super sixes game. 6 for 23. that was insane bowling! 
didn't he play into his early 40s?
/s
he does not care about gravity :d
ravi shastri. dude retired at 32, probably had a good decade left in him. 
didn't wade score 100 against the windies in our series against them last year? if i recall correctly, we (aus side) weren't in massive trouble during that innings, but weren't doing tremendous either, then wade came in and got 100 &amp; we made a respectable innings out of it...

i'm a big fan of t. paine, but i know he's just come back from a long lay off, due to injury. i agree with what you've said above cheaptrick32, haddin should remain the test keeper, wade the shorter formats, perhaps pain as the backup keeper for the ashes?
was dean jones the guy who said mohammad yousef looked like a terrorist? what a wanker.
rhodes would've thrived in the t20 format i reckon.
[third test?](http://www.espncricinfo.com/west-indies-v-australia-2012/engine/match/540178.html)
he was an unbelievable cricketer in the second half of his career, hampered by injuries but he had so many years left of useful cricket, he quit early and is now boxing(i think). i wish he kept playing, he could turn matches on their head 
hashim amla actually
if only he stayed on the field and saved us some years of him in the comm box
the guy isnt even playing ipl or bbl, no idea how hes going to afford life now
he was recently on the indian version of big brother. he may be regretting quitting cricket so quickly.
when he on song he was brilliant. some of the spells he bowled in a few ashes series were just top class bowling. his overall career wasn't all that consistant however.
wouldn't? why?
that's the one. just looking at the scorecard of that innings, and without wade's century, it was a very ordinary looking innings from australia.
precisely what i had in mind ;)

apparently his lower vertebrae were quite literally crumbling under the intense pressure he was exerting to reach such extreme bowling speeds.
&gt; i've no idea how you can get users from potentially four continents all set up at the right time

competitively! any two will always work at some point, even if it's morning and late evening. so as long as the conversation only focuses on having people in two timezones, you can maintain practicality.

the benefit is that you also have a lot of fans in the 'wrong' country, so you could still have some range even if the timing is wrong for a specific part of the world.

however, some of the problems with online conversation you face are the latency and the lack of visual cues. large unmoderated conversation can get messy and awkward with people not quite knowing when to talk. so it's important to have someone whose role is to moderate, where they directly ask someone a question and then the floor is opened to responses. so sometimes you might need a third party from another timezone, but as they would be non-specific to the agenda for the session, they would only need to be in a zone that is near one of the other two.
i'd count bond among them too.

edit: oops didnt see this already below.
i know, we could have had navjot sidhu in the commentary box sooner!
here's the plan:

if there's a positive result in the first test then they repeat it in the second test. so, if the aussies lose the first, they lose the second also. they win the first, they win the second. so what happens is that you turn the third at perth into a dead rubber. in that match, we're going to select three keepers; haddin, wade &amp; paine to bat 5, 6 &amp; 7.

every session in the field, they're going to rotate the keeper role, with the other two at first &amp; second slip.

at the end of the match a total will be made of runs, catches, byes and cutting sledges made to the opposition and the winner will get the gloves for the next 2 calendar years.

we'll promote it heavily and call it "the fracas at the waca"
jokes apart - his form had dipped. he was getting bowled way too easily. i think he did the right thing by retiring.
i think his performance in the '92 world cup ended his career. he did make a small comeback but people in india hated him and his batting had become a running joke.
a slightly radical idea but they should move the duleep trophy (or at least a few rounds) to south africa or england every year.

nobody attends the matches in india so its not like they'd lose out on ticket sales. it may be expensive to host but the upside is the experience our fast bowlers and young batsmen will get.
*would've, sorry damn typo. 
was just about to post this! i think this is a great achievement because tendulkar has really thrived against australians and it was there that he established himself as one of the best in the game. great to see such awards being given to international players. if the bcci had such an award (and maybe they do), many australian legends would be highly deserving. 
doesn't help when you start grabbing team mates' throats in order to force them to stay away from partners and keep singing anthems!
*sigh* i will be happy when he retires. 
only in england!
agreed. i was very happy that he left and didn't wait to be pushed out. 
&gt;it's a clear sign he's getting his form back

guise! an australian fan said he's getting his form back!!! tendulkar 401* against england confirmed!!!
if your retirement plans include banging liz hurley, it's never too early to retire!
this game was more about fitness and being able to bat long periods than quality of bowling. if he can bat some more long innings before the england series, i would definitely pick him ahead of raina. yuvraj is a class player, he will be able to handle a good english attack at home. the main problem was his match fitness.
especially since australia have struggled a bit to find a stable opening pair in tests since. did he retire though? or was he just dropped?
he was hard done by the selectors. i never understood why he got dumped so unceremoniously.
he had a knee surgery before the wc '92. played the wc and called it quits some time after. 
mark boucher, unfortunately not because he wanted to
don't leave us hanging jonty, whom did you meet?
yay!
i am the winner mate! you can verify it anyway you want to.
clt20 right after the world cup is just overkill
i've been sick of it for years 
that would be a productive and innovative idea, therefore the bcci doesn't like it.
is that the guy from mad tv?
really nice guy too.
fuck yeah, sachin!
i wish i could frame your comment and sell it outside the venues of the clt20 matches.
[fanie de villiers](http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/content/player/44696.html). he played only five years of international cricket. he practically invented death bowling in odi's. he could mix up bouncers, yorkers and slower balls like no one else. 

his career economy rate of 3.57 was unheard of in the era when odi scores we just starting to get big on a regular basis.

while he was not as good a test bowler as he was an odi bowler, he had his moments there as well. the best being when he [took 6/43](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-n8ci-5urc) to help south africa [defend 117 and beat australia](http://www.espncricinfo.com/thebig_2000_test/content/story/520619.html) on home soil.

he retired early so that he could spend more time with his family - specifically his deaf daughter and do charity work for the deaf community.
[best catch - ever](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uadfny6ycjq)
yeah can you imagine a fielder that can save you 15-20 runs in the field while possibly grabbing a blinder and effecting a run-out. not to mention being a handy cheeky batsman that likes to score quickly and runs like the wind. geez, what an asset!
ah,the ole' reddit flippityfloop
i didn't know the reason for his retirement until now. fannie de villiers absolutely bossed over tendulkar for a period of 2-3 years. and that was when tendulkar was in the purplest patch of his career.
is that the burgundy in hermanus ?

(it could very well not be, but looks a hell of a lot like it)
&gt;indian squad for the test series



this will be a huge disappointment. i'm not looking forward to it.


it's an australian government award, not one from cricket australia. 
yes, it's about the equivalent of an mbe.
robert croft only just retired a few months back, who's the real winner (it's jonty rhodes still)
wut?
i've never liked boycott to be honest, i think i know why 
whilst i have been very amused over the last couple of days by this thread, surely the icc need to do something. is it time to pull support and funding, set up another body in competition or just run away as fast as possible?
haddin did leave as the incumbent without being dropped. he should have one last chance.

wade is a great choice for keeper, but will still benefit from playing for victoria after a pretty hearty initiation.
you are a scholar and a gentleman.
it's seriously all the rage.
it's definitely a good vote for wade. that was an innings where he played well off the back foot and it set him apart from good players whose footwork maybe leaves one wanting. i think siddle's strength in that game said a lot for technique. siddle has wonderful technique and what he did to score was basically just to fling the wide ball away.
when the board announced the new list of contracted players last year, he wasn't one of them. he made quite an uproar over it, outright accusing clarke of chopping him because of their altercation in 2009. 
he retired from 1st class cricket this year
i expect amit mishra as the third spinner, that would be the only "surprise" selection. 
i've got a mumble server i'd be happy to lend to the cause.
he's always talking out of his ass. never liked him and chappell for the same reason.
that was going to boucher's last home series by the way. he planned on retiring shortly.
saqlain mushtaq
andrew strauss, perhaps?

yes, his form had been pretty dire, and yes, england needed to make changes in their dire batting line up, but i think he should have stayed on for the india tour and dropped down the order. he's not a bad player of spin (witness his glorious 158 in the tied match in the world cup) and england will need someone with his gravitas and experience.

a home series vs nz seems a better place to hand over the reins than just before a subcontinental tour.

i'm wondering now if he knew he was going to be nominated to the icc board. although it's only a biannual commitment and sanga manages to play and sit on the council.
i don't agree with you. t20 is a short fun format, not to be taken to srlsy. t20 attracted afghanistan to play cricket.
but how will the boards make any money, dammit? won't someone please think of the finances!?
&gt;t20 attracted afghanistan to play cricket



i'm not sure that's entirely true.
more like addition to the same old unit.
by bi-weekly do you mean twice a week or once every two weeks? 
also, if you need an awful logo, i've got you covered. 

http://i.imgur.com/kx6xt.jpg
i had the pleasure of meeting jonty rhodes once too. he was doing some coaching with ireland u19s at stormont for the day. a really nice guy.
not when he was a cricjeter.
dreamcricket's coverage of the drama:  
http://www.dreamcricket.com/dreamcricket/news.hspl?nid=16758&amp;ntid=4

they wouldn't confer the honour on vvs, for *understandable* reasons. ;)
if it's not serious then why is there a world cup for it?
bhuvneshwar kumar looks promising!
i would have thought players like, i dunno, shane warne, are more deserving of an order of australia for services to australian cricket than sachin. not to discredit sachin by any means, but this is a political, rather than a practical, appointment.
that's....there're no words.
what the title of this book?
i'm pretty great.
i think you may be misund.... whatever, go you!
i prefer the [superman](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xos1fqx0mk&amp;feature=related)
whoa, that's heavy!
i haven't even watched a game yet. looking forward to the new years test at newlands.
yeap one of the best examples of close in fielding i´ve ever seen
the best xi - where he chooses all-time test squads for the eight major teams. 
should the icc step in? yes. will they? probably not.

even though this situation is bizarre, its less dire than the situation with the zimbabwe cricket board a few years ago. and the icc did nothing then.
and possibly the last time you see an umpire giving a run out without referring to the third umpire :)
strauss' retirement was sudden. i think the kp saga took its toll on him. 

it probably came down to him realizing that both he and kp could not play together, and then stepping aside because kp still has a few more years to come?
as a u.s.a. youth cricketer, usaca really is as bad, if not worse, as these facebook posts make them out to be.
i can only assume there are non-cricket reasons.
i sort of got into the world cup t20 - but that's about the only t20 
i've watched in ages.

can't wait for the tests, especially sa/aus.  got to keep an eye on those aussies. sneaky buggers.
he is a legend!!
exactly! 
just realize that t20 can grow the game. asking someone who has never watched cricket to check out a 5 day test match is a tall order. but watching a t20 game is much more approachable.

i just started watching cricket, and it was because of the t20 world 2012. now i'm interested in watching some of the upcoming test series.

that being said, champions league right after t20 2012? not the greatest idea. 

but thankfully, they have addressed the several day period between champions league and england v india [with a new tournament:](http://www.espncricinfo.com/page2/content/story/586658.html)

&gt;the solution is a "second tier" club t20 tournament modelled on football's uefa cup. teams that finished between sixth and tenth in their domestic competitions, plus a host of associate, affiliate and aspirant international teams, and new zealand under-19s c team, will battle in the tournament, named the competitors' plate. interest worldwide is expected to be fevered.
:d

i like that place.  i lived in hermanus for a while until end of last year,
why were indian fans crying when india got knocked out? 

why did some sri lankan fans commit suicide when sri lanka lost?

why did the west indies team party hard when they won?

it's because not enough people realise what a joke this format is. 
they need to step in and allow a new board in, completely new with none of these complete goons who are just there embezzling money. it pains me to see such an inept group of people hampering any chance of cricket breaking though to the american market, a very hard thing in its own but completely off the rails with these idiots of a cricket board.
by bi-weekly i mean every two weeks. i think once a week might get too hard to do
i know, i know, it just amuses me that it can mean both. :)
"united states of america cricket association: jamie harrison does nothing for youth cricket he is a self promoter that takes advantage of every photo op available. that has nothing to do with youth cricket"

any thoughts on that quote?
[neol david](http://www.espncricinfo.com/india/content/player/28149.html)
i have yet to know of a single higher up in usaca that cares about promoting youth cricket and cricket in general. all they care about is the small stipend they make and looking good.  usyca actually cares about youth cricket.  in fact, i went on a tour to canada this last season set up by them
what is not to like? he was better than most other cricketers and didn't mind acting as such, living legend.
i am enjoying it, but that is probably only because the auckland aces are looking very good, and before this a nz team had never won a game in the clt20.
yeah, seems to be the problem. glad to know the youth cricket is functioning despite ineptitude in the higher ranks though. been proven elsewhere in the world that if you get it right at a youth level, it filters into every other area eventually!

t20 attracts a lot of new eyeballs, but the price may be the loss of some older fans.

ever since the 0-8 test drubbing for india last season, i have boycotted all the t20 leagues - my feeble protest against the pathetic test performance.
yeah i live in usa but went back to sa for first time in 15 years. we used to go there all the time when we lived in cape town 
i could rant about usaca for hours haha.  it seems like they are working against cricket most of the time...
this one is one of the best, such a huge lad.

http://youtu.be/89z-sfqo7au

this one is not bad either.

http://youtu.be/fz2gigxw2yk
the ponting catch is unbelievable you forget how seriously good his skills were in all facets of the game.

i cannot believe i have never seen that first one before! 
never been a fan of ricky (attitude and the fact he always beat up on nz).  but his fielding skill set was phenomenal. 

always loved this pic as well :p

http://i.imgur.com/bhund.jpg
ah, the 2005 ashes constipation?
it's possible that this thread may have inspired the following blog post: http://fwildecricket.blogspot.co.uk/2012/10/what-if_16.html 

is the author of the blog here in /r/cricket?
comedy gold right there.
more the advert behind him.
hehe, well played!
.....**huh**. 
dang, i may be the only person on /r/cricket who thinks twenty20 is as valid a format of the game as test cricket. 
the cutest thing about the whole fracas is how usaca assumes anyone cares about usaca. 
i can't remember the last time usaca did anything for cricket in america. 
yeah, i did some research on this award and realized it didn't make as much sense as i thought it did. has shane warne really not received this award yet? that seems like an obvious choice...
if anyone deserves it from outside oz, tendulkar definitely does. australia has a large indian community, so he is very well supported. this, however, seems like some back door political deal.
we might be jumping the gun here. he might have been talking about the subcontinent or something. we need more information.

by all means dislike boycott all you want, but at least do it for the right reasons.
i am not sick of it because i dont watch it and i dont consider it as cricket at all.
did he catch you by surprise? 
oh yeh. can't wait for test cricket again. 
3 years ago, i thought it couldn't possibly get any worse.  unfortunately, i was wrong.
still too young and unproven for a test berth. 
this guy...if it looks like you're about to reverse-sweep, he runs down to reverse fine leg...
that's good, they need match practice because it is already a given that they would be starting the first match against england. 
yes i think it's especially good for zaheer. 
in the recent t20wc, raina was reprimanded by the umpire for trying something similar. 
[the 200th](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty_dytuiq2s&amp;feature=related)
is it not illegal? i thought that the field is not allowed to change once the bowler has started his run up. fielders are allowed to walk in, but they're not allowed to change their position until a shot is played.
i remember that one. the commentator got really pissed off by it. suggested it should be ok, since the fielder is moving after the ball was bowled.
there was definitely a lateral movement by the fielder. umpire could have called it a dead ball based on law 41.7. nevertheless, great catch.
if he starts cold, he is usually dissapointing, which puts more pressure on the rest of the bowlers. he needs to bowl better in home conditions than the english pace attack to prove a point.
i think i recall seeing this posted here before (might be wrong about that) and there being some discussion about whether this was is within the rules. seems to be similar discussion this time around, so i thought i'd look into it a bit. here is the relevant passage from the laws of cricket:

&gt; 7 movement by fielders
&gt;any significant movement by any fielder after the ball comes into play, and before the ball reaches the striker, is unfair. in the event of such unfair movement, either umpire shall call and signal dead ball. note also the provisions of law 42.4 (deliberate attempt to distract striker).

then there's this related clause:

&gt;8 definition of significant movement
&gt;(a) for close fielders anything other than minor adjustments to stance or position in relation to the striker is significant.
(b) in the outfield, fielders are permitted to move towards the striker or the striker’s wicket, provided that 5 above is not contravened. anything other than slight movement off line or away from the striker is to be considered significant.
(c) for restrictions on movement by the wicket-keeper see law 40.4 (movement by wicket-keeper).

if you pause the video of this catch imo it's quite clear that the slip fielder has made "significant" movement towards fine leg before the ball has reached the batsmen. so in accordance with the above laws this probably should have been ruled a dead ball. tough to judge that with the naked eye of course, but in the age of video replays it would have been a lot easier to get it right.
this was posted here before. it is illegal. the fielder cant move before the ball reaches bat.

&gt; law 41.7: movement by fielders  
any significant movement by any fielder after the ball comes into play, and before the ball reaches the striker, is unfair. in the event of such unfair movement, either umpire shall call and signal dead ball.

since this doesnt really even count as a catch, one might say any legal slips catch i've seen was better than this.
i suggest that us cricket should be handed over to an established icc member state, such as australia or england, and then gradually given back to the us over time as things improve.
i like t20. have it on while i make breakfast and by the time i'm done eating, game is finished. 

(yes i take my sweet ass time cooking food)


it's also my form of protest in a football and ice hockey loving part of the world. i put it on at work on my second monitor, with the volume turned off, and occassionally people will stop by and look for a while and ask me why the guy is running before "pitching". "why the windmill", oh and what i love the most "that was a wicked googly" referring to the seinfeld episode. i use the wildest form of cricket to educate them about the genteel aspects of the sport. 
what would be in it for (in your example) australia and england? i don't think any full member would want to touch the usaca at all, not with the way it's being run. i can't imagine the organisation has any assets, present or future, that could be of value to anyone outside of the ceo's immediate family. 
if eng/aus manage to develop us cricket well, it becomes profitable for them later on when matches between the us and eng/aus teams takes place.
[this is why aaron finch was left out of the victorian team](http://www.espncricinfo.com/australia/content/current/story/586872.html)

&gt; [australian team performance manager pat] howard said holland was retained ahead of the in-form batsman aaron finch for victoria's shield fixture against queensland at ca's behest. 
he's no dwayne leverock http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgupp8vlltc
can i get a link or know what match this was in?
no, he is not. he is talking about indian bowlers specifically. this is from his book 'the best xi'--from the harbhajan singh article under india. my guess is that he wanted to say munaf (or would that be moonaf) patel and ended up saying mohammed asif.
that's a huge "if", though. usaca has shown, time and time again, that it couldn't run an errand, let alone a cricket organization to represent one of the largest and richest countries in the world. i'm sure the australian and english cricket boards are busy enough without having to inherit not just usaca's problems, but the sheer scope of its scale. 
forward defensive shot lol! so awkward

sacha baron cohen, actually studied history at﻿ cambridge university.
well if no one can run it then what's the point?

i'm assuming that aus/eng would just begin a clean slate.
wow, i think you are 100% correct! dead ball, batsman  stays.
ah, didn't realise it was a repost.
why did indian fans cry?
because we won yet we lost, you are indian and you know that for us it was about getting selected over pakistan. ind vs sa should be renamed to ind vs pak because the loser would not get selected. 

why did sl fans commit suicide?
i would too if my team lost 4 consecutive world cups in the finals.

why they partied?
chris gayle.

so the game turned pretty interesting huh? i was appalled with the fielding and bowling of north zone yesterday. if they are among the top 50-60 4-day players in india it doesn't inspire much confidence
i think it's more to do with the fact tendulkar hasn't been photographed in a hotel room enjoying the company of a couple of nubile females.
john inverarity fills me with a lot of confidence
enjoyed the interview. he is right about fast bowlers having to learn things  on the fly and relying on their strengths. he is also right about ishant. ishant is a classic case of overcoaching.  
waqar and wasim were lucky to have imran when they broke in. imran is the best thing that could have happened to them.
&gt; he is right about fast bowlers having to learn things on the fly and relying on their strengths

i really liked that part. james anderson is a case in point too. a mandated change in action resulted in a stress fracture and wasn't necessary for him to be an effective bowler. also, his comments about england's recent success struck me too, seems like they failed to pitch it up against sa, preferring a 5th stump line wide of off, that spectacularly backfired.

the below is a great line too:

&gt;you need fire in the belly but also an icy head

which i think only steyn currently has. the ability to bowl 90 plus and out-think a batsman too. steve finn, bless him, just looks like a big puppy-dog bounding around a field.
i liked his comments about the clt20, he was pretty forthright. seems to be doing a lot of good.

which obviously, isn't ideal for me as an england fan, but them's the breaks.
i had no idea phil hughes is only 23. promising talent, and if he keeps up the hard work, which is doubtlessly far more important, he'll go far.
whenever i read his son's name i keep thinking his name is tangerine 
good for you. it was an absolute disgrace. i don't care what the players say about trying their hardest, etc etc. they were pathetic and should have apologised. no one once apologised. 
i've got tickets for the third day of the durham test. it was a pain to get apparently
yeah, he is no nonsense and doesn't speak too much in cliches. with sportspeople, the latter is an instant respect gainer for me.

also, the guardian's [spin](http://www.guardian.co.uk/sport/series/thespin?cmp=emcspteml942) letter this week spoke about how england need a strong australia.
i know, i posted it here.

i agree with that. i just don't want them to be strong enough to beat england regularly.

edit: i also love barney ronay. wonderful writer.
i was worried you were being sarcastic. a lot of people tend to get that way when there's any mention of phil hughes. but yeah, i really appreciate his straightforwardness as well.
great read.

need someone to photoshop big bananas coming out of dale steyn's hand.
when the point about pitching up comes up, stuart broad comes to mind immediately to me. broad version 2.0 pitches the ball up and is a completely different bowler then the v 1.0 who liked to bang the ball and bowl short of length.  
he was also right about srinath and him not pitching the ball up.
 good point, broad against sri lanka and broad against india were two very different animals indeed. against sri lanka, he bowled a lot of overly-aggressive bouncers and against india he pitched it up nicely and difference in his stats is clear.
&gt;well if no one can run it then what's the point?

a salient question. the icc has invested *tons* of time and money into usaca, and what are the results? the usa somehow qualified for the 2004 champions trophy and were utterly annihilated in their games. the florida twenty20 series were politely received, but didn't spark off a cricket craze in america. sure, it's probably a slow burner, but how much more would the icc - or, for that matter, a full member - want to sink into a sinking ship? 

so yes, what is the point of usaca? what have they done, besides embarrass themselves? what have they achieved, besides a long list of failures and wasted promise? what have they accomplished, besides failure?

when compared to ireland, a country that is *much* smaller, has much less resources, and, like america, has a very strong sporting culture of its own, but *unlike* america doesn't have hundreds of thousands of immigrants who follow the game, usaca's shortcomings are glaring. 

&gt;i'm assuming that aus/eng would just begin a clean slate.

i think the state of organized cricket in america is so corrupt and so rancid that it would not be worth the time to purge america of usaca, create another cricket board, and then foster it until it can stand on its own. especially not when australia is gearing up to host the 2015 world cup, and england has to prepare for the 2013 champions trophy. 


they are differrent things. the commentators(chappel and harsha)  were saying if the batsmen attempts a switch hit (move before the ball is bowled after the bowler started his action) then it must be allowed by the fielders to anticipate that movement. that was what raina tried. 

in my oipinion, this on the other hand is a genuine paddle sweep and the fielder should have not moved.

please. a match thread for a clt20? whatever floats your boat, kkr guaranteed to lose anyway :p
also, i'm sure this happened months ago?
no, chappel said that if a switch hit is allowed so should be such tactics. in raina's case as well, the batsmen was trying for a genuine paddle sweep.
gotcha
it is all i can get here.

fair enough dude. what about indian domestic cricket, i think you guys get that in the us :p
thanks for setting up the stream. was having trouble finding a decent one. 

watched gibbs destroy everyone last year in the bbl, except when it really counted, in the final, to those pink toolbags. since found out what a raging fuckwit he is from a female friend who works for his management(tries to fuck any woman who walks, basically). don't like him anymore. but i hope he turns it on for us. 

edit: yep. fucking clown. 
&gt;indian domestic cricket


stands as antithesis to cricket. 
it happened around one month ago.nonetheless interesting.. 


i was wondering if sachin would play with his son.. :)
&gt;"fortune has come to usa cricket in its new executive secretary"

writes new executive secretary [this guy](https://www.facebook.com/votewilliams?fref=ts). great.
for me: waqar &gt; wasim.

*braces self...*
op - i think you misspelt "thread". i was wondering why this didn't become sticky like other match threads.


hopefully the icc will ditch these clowns altogether, perhaps give the acf a go.
haha... would love to see that.
a lot of credit also goes to the interviewer for probing with the right questions to make this interview awesome.

i wonder why javagal srinath didn't learn from kapil and focused on pitching the ball up. maybe kapil tried and failed :) the amount of seam movement srinath used to get was ridiculous.
we need more world cups
&gt; matc tread: clt20 kolkata knigt riders vs. pert scorcers campions league t20
what is the process for verification then?
wat is tis? i can't compreend a ting you've written ere.
thanks for posting, op. great read,.
i think if steyn was a few inches taller, he would end up as one of the top 3 or 4 all time great fast bowlers.
there's an argument to be made that he is.  

 i don't subscribe to it but if you assume that each generation of quick bowlers has improved fitness, coaching etc and that bats are larger and springier (according to pros who have been around a while) and boundaries have shortened and that batsmen have access to readily available analysis, therefore making it harder to economise, and that speed guns back in the day were fairly inaccurate, it could be said that as he's the greatest quick of this moment, he is by definition the greatest quick of all time.

it's a facile and simplistic argument, to me, but it has a certain logic.


wasim was very gifted. i reckon he was better too, but you could always argue...

wasim is tall as fuck and had a very quick shoulder. didn't need a huge jump or anything to bowl 140s.
you are welcome!
that was very nicely written.
this is good news.
the best... second only to his return to our international side as strike bowler
love the last paragraph 
[this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjpd7b03uam) catch by bmac off rahul dravid is similar. 
i find it hard to think that the public will blame bond if our bowling still fails. so... who will nz's media target as a scapegoat for future bowling fails?
amazing player, stats don't tell the whole story.
does this mean we can get him back in the side? he must have at least 12 overs left in him.
jesse ryder.
&lt;3

a good step; let's hope he's not hamstrung by the same political bs that dogged his playing career.
it's really hard to be sincere on the internet.
well in zimbabwe the icc couldn't do much, since the authorities were carrying out de facto ethnic cleansing
i had the same realisation as you a few weeks ago. he is a huge talent, and so young. i think australia need to blood him a bit in the one day game. he is, after all, an aggressive batsman.

my prediction is that khawaja will be number three and hughes at four. cowan and (unfortunately) warner opening. 
i really love these kinds of articles. 

there's a brilliant video on youtube available of wasim akram showing the art of reverse swing too.

these are frankly priceless tools for the keen student of cricket!  i wish more ex-legends would be so forthcoming with technical aspects of cricket, besides the waffly "mental game" talk that gets prioritised.
nz's fast bowling ranks to be decimated by back problems. 
you'd like to think that they'd get a few thousand to the game.
yeah the short view is that he's done and dusted. at 23, can you believe? it suggests that players don't really get too old or lose their eye, but that we the fans simply get bored of them, like hughes in his 5 year career.

people will talk about what made the likes of matthew hayden so much better and don't see the hilarious irony of how long it took hayden to win any confidence as an international player. year for year, hughes has actually enjoyed better success than most.
i doubt it. the mumbai indians aren't playing. instead just a couple of indians are playing for mumbai.

i predict there will be a few hundred at best.
actually, i don't think he is necessarily a great choice. does anyone know if he is a really good mentor or able to explain what he's thinking really well?

he is so immensely talented that perhaps what he is explaining to those who are really talented won't be effective. it's like getting basketball advice from lebron james vs bobby knight.
so india has t20 cups and 2 firstclass ones?
india has a fuckload of random domestic competitions 
give us a rundown? :d
paul adams, the hours i spent i tried emulating him; all to no avail. 
vijay hazare trophy - list a tournament

duleep trophy - 4 day tournament

ranji trophy - 4 day league

n k p challenger trophy - list a tournament 

syed mustaq ali trophy - t20 tournament



pace - pat cummins / jimmy anderson

spin - warne
of the bowlers i've seen play: dennis lillee and michael holding. lillee had a great, orthodox side on action. check the youtube video of him repeatedly bouncing viv richards to see it. holding's action was not quite so orthodox. but it was beautifully smooth, and a perfect balance of speed, technique and power. whispering death indeed !  see the youtube video of holding bowling to close in 76 for a good illustration. 

of the bowlers i never saw in the flesh: harold larwood. my all time favourite. ray lindwall based his action on larwood, whom he watched as a boy during the 32/33 tour. larwood combines side on orthodoxy with great power and economy of effort. like a bolt of silk...
does it have to be a current player? because my favourite would be shane bond for sure.

as far as current players are concerned, brad hogg for spin and jimmy anderson for pace.
narine, it's so smooth!
and of course irfan pathan with the straight arm
good news, when he was at full tilt, he really was a monster.
pace: i like steyn and anderson. both run up without much of a hassle and bowl quick. there is no apparent 'effort' in their action. shane bond if you include past players.

spin: swann now but warne overall! warne had a very deliberate 'tweak' in his delivery. if you were a youngster and wanted to figure out how to get the legbreak out, warne's action was very easy to follow.
michael holding - absolute poetry in motion. as a total contrast the sight of mike proctor barrelling in was always a great way to spend a sunday.

derek underwood was another fave of mine from back then as was bishen bedi.

current players would be steyn, siddle and anderson.


malinga.

for the sheer fact he's managed to get away with something so unconventional for so long.
try being a left hander, trying to emulate that action and still failing. 
shane bond, 

[nantie hayward](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ob4nan3ahow&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=17s), 

pollock, 

akram (only because he could generate pace with small runup, could swing both ways and left handers look so elegant)

brett lee has retired and op has mentioned him
sub-continent pitches aside, it was pretty effective as well.
he has 400+ first class wickets with that action
i genuinely want nz to succeed in cricket. hope this changes things for them.
maybe it's still happening?
i don't have favorites, but i have some i really found interesting. 

michael holding - economical action, yet languid. 

abey kuruvilla - he did not jump during the delivery stride, just hustled on through. 

waseem akram from the short run up: my word. 

mike proctor : wrong footed genius

sohail tanvir : mr. windmill, appears to bowl off the wrong foot like mike proctor, but its just that he delivers the ball even before his foot lands. 

shoaib akhtar : yeah, hes a chucker (i kid, i kid). well, i especially like his long ass runup, heels touching his own buttocks. high stepper, that one i tell you. 

imran khan : silky smooth. i'm talking about imran in his younger years. 

bs bedi : "loop, flight, and variation in pace. that is all you need, just keep that arm straight". "there is no doosras for lefties". 

kumble : that bouncing stide and approach to the crease. 

warnie: fat tub of lard, but the best spinner ever imho. sorry murali. 


**pace** 

thrill: brett lee, wasim akram

simplicity: mcgrath, pollock

beauty: anderson, bond

i also like slingers like tait, akthar, mitch johnson

**spin**

i like watching wrist spin. warne, hogg come to mind. dharmasena, saqlain mustaq were funny because of what seemed to be a stuttering movement towards the crease. i hate when bowlers stop and deliver.

why aren't there many medium pacers these days? :(
allan donald's.
murali*

*j/k.
lee, no doubt for pace.

vettori for spin.
if only actions -
jacob oram (nz)
zaheer khan (ind)

there is an elegance to the action when they take a big jump.
i love brett lee's and stuart macgill's
jimmy anderson, his coaches told him by looking away when bowling he could never make it as a bowler...
pace: richard hadlee, dale steyn, waqar younis
spin: shane warne
my favs.  
pacers:  
michael holding (you didn't expect that from me...did you?)  
hadlee  
walsh  
kapil dev (i know..i know..not conventional...for some reason..i dig that sideway action)  
shane bond  
  
spinners:  
qadir  
bedi  
maninder singh  
 


good. this will probably make england's margin of defeat in the upcoming india series slightly less embarrassing.
guess retired players try a little too hard to stay relevant.
monty panesar has one of the best actions i've seen on a left arm spinner. shame he's got bugger all variety or imagination when bowling though.
i am not sure he is going to have a great series though. he's always looked less dangerous against spin to me. (he gets fooled by chawla's googly ffs!).

now all we have to do is find a quality spinner between now and the 1st test :-/
was it you who had the picture of lee jumping taken at some ground in ireland? or was it chive?
if it was you, please share that pic.
pathetic ramblings from hayden, completely irrelevant to how things are now. like how he also adds a bitter sentence about tendulkar. 
from the little i've seen of him, sir richard hadlee had the most technically correct bowling action i've seen. 

brett lee. watching him run in to bowl is really poetry in motion. the man's a gazelle. 

shoaib akhtar. completely the opposite of lee. terrifying to watch him charge in from a mile away. 

michael holding. i wish he bowled in the era of hd cameras. such a loping, innocuous action. 

strangely, i can't think of any spinners whose actions i love to watch. warnie comes to mind, purely for being so ... bland, given the wicked amount of turn he'd get. 
[ahem](http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/content/player/32130.html)
hahaha! can somebody tell me if the game is still bigger than the individuals?
i am not sure about ojha. he does not seem 'threatening' right now. he is definitely a good spinner but he isn't kumble or harbhajan (in his prime) yet.


to be fair, there are only about 5 spinners in the history of the game that you can compare without argument to kumble, and maybe 15 with harbhajan.
between them they have 900 odd test wickets, not everyone can be like them ;)
actually he was *responding* to [james anderson's](http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/i-cuffed-michael-clarke-in-adelaide-dressing-room-says-james-anderson-20121012-27hdz.html) book.
sure, i get that. but to call him a "b-grade bowler" is kind of a low blow in my opinion.
how do aussies feel about it? if they announced that say, andy flower was getting khel ratna or some such award, i'd be at best apathetic about it but i'd imagine a lot of people would be mad.
opened this thread to post this...you stole my thunder
"writing in his recent autobiography". stopped reading there. routine pr exercise for the new book. 


edit: oh, there's something about sachin too? predictable. chappel, gilly, shoaib akhtar, etc. etc. 
shoaib akhtar's my favourite by a mile. i used to like pat symcox's action back then, but now when i watch it again after so many years, it looks kinda exaggerated. speaking of the south african, alan donald and klusener both had awesome actions. 

eta : rajesh chauhan too..anyone remember him?
&gt;frankly we’d been hammered over in england so i wasn’t pulling my punches, nor was anyone else in that particular series - you were either on board with australia wanting to hand them the absolute whipping that they got, or you weren’t.

matthew hayden is a f-grade writer
yeah, it was.
nice to see a cricket writer who can write.
stand in the streets surrounding the wankhede stadium when tendulkar is at the crease and you'll be surprised at how much noise a few hundred cricket mad fans can make
i just hope that this results in bigger crowds in the tests. last summer there was so much support for india in england , i hope that there will be massive support now. other than eden gardens, there should be good crowds at the other 3 venues. 
he's been the second youngest player to reach several batting milestones. behind only tendulkar, so by the criteria you've laid out, there's no comparison to anyone else under thirty. 

"best" is a tough question though. i mean, he is prone to get out lbw (shout out to /u/bloodandguts here), and he doesn't have a flawless technique like amla, for example, but he's a fucking run-monster.

he's my favourite england cricketer, because he seems like a thoroughly nice chap, and he looks a bit like he should be a morrocan prince.
if we were doing it on the basis of records, then as /u/jimsaysdoitthisway says, no one really challenges him. 
well i said "on basis of records" because i thought someone will eventually say kohli or umar akmal but they've both hardly played a sufficient number of tests to make a call.

edit: but if somebody had say 4,000 test runs in 60 tests then why not? (just noticed that amla has almost 5,000 in 63 btw)
he's sort of slipped under the radar for me. i didn't realize he's been racking up such awesome stats. 

i think "run-monster" is probably an apt tag. he isn't very flashy but seems to get big scores regularly. (he also has 20 centuries in 83 tests. 1 in 4 tests is *very* impressive given a lot of them were in eng and aus)


my thought exactly, i think kohli and akmal haven't proved themselves in the five day format in terms of sheer volume (not quality) of games played before we can make equivalent comparisons. 
no.

hashim amla is for the next 160 odd days.

who would you pick first out of these two?
must try this re-integration thing with my bitter ex. 
i'm more of a trott guy.
/thread. 
i love chef and even i would choose amla. 
if your sole criteria is numbers, a simple statsguru search will tell you who the best is. and nobody in /r/cricket can deny that. personally, i watch alastair cook bat whenever i suffer from insomnia.
6 months ago it was probably neck and neck but amla is ahead now.

amazingly, both have exactly the same number of test runs this year, but amla got his from 10 less innings (of course half of those came in 1 innings). 
hello. even i.
lbw. always. 
akram and qadir.  not sure if qadir's action is based on someone else's but it was always fun to watch him work his magic.
yes, hello. asl?
pace: malcolm marshall. just seething fury!!

spin: michael bevan, because i have the exact same action. :)
akram!!
he's got an awesome pull shot. was fortunate enough to see it at lords' against the windies. he's no mahela, but there's few that are.
pollock had a distinctive landing posture, just before the release. 
1025 actually. 
who's the director of your relationship? her father or your mother? :p
even harbhajan was never as threatening as kumble. when on song, kumble looked like picking a wicket each ball. there was a sense of anticipation in watching him run up, you could feel that something was going to happen. ashwin and ojha don't convey that feeling, but then again, kumble was the best spinner we had. hard to compete with him. 
if it was neck and neck amla still won, because neckbeard.
there's a fair bit of cynicism about the timing, but tendulkar's pretty well liked here in australia. 

he's not the first foreign cricketer to be so honoured - he joins sobers, lloyd and lara.
whenever i watched him bowl, it felt like some gift being unwrapped. the way left arm gets so high initially when it is on his right side to ultimately get on the left side.

he was so precise.pity father time catches on all of us.but hey, he is a brilliant commentator.
&gt;we are in the process of investigating how this site is being managed. until this is resolved please do not reference any facebook or twitter site as sanctioned usaca content and opinions.

wow. what a shitshow.

and the man behind the facebook page brags that since it now has 300 fans instead of 200 that this is a positive thing.
[jeff thomson](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8tfgtzea2m)
hehe, true!
&gt;"writing in his recent autobiography". stopped reading there.

well, you shouldn't have, because it's referring to james anderson's autobiography which just came out, and not hayden's. the very next word in that line would have told you that -

&gt;writing in his recent autobiography, **anderson** revealed that 
holy shit, it's happening again. three hours ago, usaca posted this on their facebook page:

peter has personally disgraced usa cricket with his work for years. he made a mistake with his last blog. you all came to his defense blindly. the brotherhood of bloggers. you all got offended by the honesty.

four hours ago:

usa cricket will be independent and free from outside influence. we will control our destiny from a grass roots level. we will sanction our own commercial cricket. we will develop our infrastructure and not depend on foreign aid. this is america! we have recievied a lot of criticism over the past few days. that makes us stronger and more relevant. we stand by our original point. bloogers *(sic)* will not be the keepers of our story nor will they ever have an influence on our image or that of our players and admins.

eight hours ago:

time to clean house. all foreigners will be deleted or blocked. sorry folks this is an american problem.

ten hours ago:

2 viruses and a parasite left. daunting task trying to be relevant. today usa cricket is borne!
i am so obsessed with the pause in ajmal's delivery.
abdul qadir. 
bob willis. 
i think the south africans have this sewn up: ab de villiers, hashim amla and dale steyn would all make my under-30s team before cook. i think cook has a tendency to put up big runs against weak opponents, but in recent english defeats (e.g. pakistan in uae he averaged 26.5, south africa in england he averaged 32.5), cook hasn't performed.

amla has a higher average and is also probably the best odi batsman around at the moment (apologies to kohli). de villiers has a higher average and is [a far superior musician] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-rsj4rxy2y). steyn is a matchwinner and the best fast bowler in the world. 

cook is very good, but you wouldn't mistake him for a great player. if he exceeds tendulkar, lara and ponting, it'll just put him in the ken barrington category of statistical anomolies...
steyn is the best pace bowler in all formats in my opinion. he's awesome in pretty much any circumstance.
just makes my point even stronger ;)
amla is the best driver of a cricket ball since mark waugh. he's beautiful to watch.
interesting choice. when amla first toured england i thought he was a decent player but he had a pretty bad tour overall. now? i think he's probably the best batsman in the world at the moment. yet he will not break the records that cook is likely to do. given cook's age, he is likely to surpass amla. even so, amla is the best player under 30. at the moment.
it's good that you failed - you may have ended up with a neck injury.
richard hadlee's was so mechanical, so precise.
well you get him out, then! ;-)
thank you for being the first to mention a bowler! 

dale steyn wins this every day of the week, as far as i'm concerned.
