talk about making a stupid story - of course it's the most high tech! last year's was the most high tech before this year's, and next year's will be the most high tech when it comes! gods, why do i even read cnn?
no.  futballs are round. 
i think i did well. 
euro 2012 elemelerinde mücadele eden a milli takımımız güney kore ile hazırlık maçı oynayacak. ayrıca ümit milli takımımız da bugün romanya ile bir hazırlık maçı oynayacak.
ray lewis didn't kill anyone, chargers didn't make the playoffs, and the rams, raiders, lions, brown, bucs, and bills are all on the uptick. :)

details, details....i know.
if he got any better, i think fifa will have to come up with a special award much bigger than the ballon d'or
ahem. not the team, just six guys: http://www.jsonline.com/news/milwaukee/116231984.html
if you wish to see a seating plan of wembley stadium then click here
i honestly think if rooney were dropped deeper to scholes position he would do fine, but he's so damn good up front we can't afford to drop him, but i like to imagine a world where rooney links the defense and midfield to kagawa and rvp
seriously, will he just shut up and play?
used to be a huge cesc fan when he was with afc.  
wrong game, this is about the game played with a round ball played by kicking it with the foot.

you probably want /r/nfl or /r/cfb 
that's special but i can't help thinking that a) there was some luck involved to have hit the shot so accurately and b) the keeper should really have done better.
absolutely agreed on both points.  still a tremendous highlight though.

no shit, sherlock
i'm not sure why you're so upset. he clearly has a point and isn't the first person to comment on it.
can't disagree with #6. the [newcastle away shirt](https://www.medocmall.co.uk/images/theclubshop_nufc/products/large/enlarge/320000.jpg) isn't good. there again nufc's shirts haven't been the same imo since they lost the newcastle brown ale blue star.
i don't suspect hull fans will be too upset by this news.

that said, on his day he could be a beast of a player, capable of turning games.
you are correct
perhaps if he hadn't earned a reputation as a diver he might get more decisions in his favour.
i think there are possibly a couple of other subreddits dedicated to american football, but those seem to be the main ones.
i'm not sure he's wrong. it could, of course, be a misconception due to the large number of foreign players at the top level, but i also think there is a (misplaced) belief that british players are more honest and less likely to resort to trickery in order to win decisions. whether this is something that affects referees is another question.
it was late..i wasn't thinking
no worries, it happens all the time.
he's better than defoe.
by way of context, michael knighton was the businessman who came [very close to buying man utd in 1989 for £20 million.](http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/august/18/newsid_2499000/2499267.stm)
call suarez a diver all you want, the fact is he is getting mauled in the pk box and the refs don't care.

[this might have something to do with it also](http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2012/soccer/10/01/sergio-aguero-referees-bias/index.html)

i know suarez is a fiery, but if you miss such an obvious penalty like the one against norwich, then there is something wrong.
at the bottom of that article graham poll is quoted as saying what i said, that his reputation isn't helping him at all and is even working against him now.
no shit, dude.  doesn't excuse saturday, however.
as i understand it, his appointment would go down well with the owners and certain sections of the blackburn support because of his name and history with the club, however his record as manager at newcastle wouldn't exactly inspire me with confidence. 

if my club was looking for a new manager i'd prefer someone with more than eight games in charge on their cv, or who had at least worked for a while as an assistant.
he'd certainly be a fan favourite, but i think he'd be better off joining as a coach/assistant rather than trying to take it on himself. then again, he could scarcely do much worse than kean, and i'd imagine he'll get a lot more leeway too.
he's been quoted as saying in the past that he doesn't expect another call-up, but with him being on form and a notable lack of experienced international strikers, is it time to take another look- a place on the bench perhaps?

he couldn't be much worse than bobby zamora or darren bent who have both played since crouch's last game
dream management team at blackburn- dalglish with shearer as his assistant? it would be one hell of a gamble given what happened at liverpool but it could work.
cantankerous old bugger, isn't he?
now that's what i'm talking about. i was trying to think of a suitable boss for shearer to work with and 'king' kenny was the obvious choice all along. that'd be some coup if they could pull it off. 
i reckon [#16 is an excellent photo.](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/gallery/2012/oct/01/premier-league-weekend-matches-pictures#/?picture=396971358&amp;index=15)
he advertises kfc in egypt, im not sure that qualifies as good tbh
they could do much worse than try to lure gus poyet away from brighton. don't think he'd be likely to leave them though, except perhaps for a premiership side.
even though he could be a beast of a player, he knew not to mess with [duncan ferguson](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wib7dcl51z8).
but it does make it understandable. he put himself in this position and the manager should have had words the first time it happened under his reign.

the pen's for the early dives were useful so they let them slide. now they are hurting 'pool as a whole. i cant think of a better analogy for 'karma'.
full membership would, as the article mentions, bring the number of teams in uefa to 54. at least that would mean that the nine qualification groups for international competitions would all be the same size.

not entirely sure how the presence of a non-sovereign nation would work out though, not to mention that it's bound to annoy spain.
[just under an hour of discussion loosely based around football.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_weekly)
what an absolute arse!
can you provide examples of these "early dives" that lead to penalties?

or are you just saying that because you think that's the case?

also, guys, cut it out with the downvoting...
so at least he's good for something!! lol... jk.  great manager, can't take anything away from him.
meanwhile, cr7 is more focused on making more money than every other professional football player instead of getting his team back to the top of la liga.
yeah, i got a good read of his contract too, guys. this is all true. quote me on it. - source 
lol... ashley has certainly quite the track record.  no arguments from me.  for the record, fergie's comments are retaliatory to aguero's stupid comments... 
he has put his money where his mouth is working with unicef.  i'm not a huge messi fan, but the guy does his share, no question.
who cares if that's what does??? what about the millions he has donated to unicef, and the millions he convinced others on barca to donate as well?
aguero's comments were taken stupidly out of context. 
short quiz with ten questions. pretty tough as well. i managed 2/10.
as an aside, i really didn't like gary neville as a player, but he's definitely growing on me as a tv *expert.* much better than andy gray ever was.
good news for both arsenal and england. i look forward to his return to the senior side and future appearances in the premiership.
it'd be best to learn his fucking name mate
i don't get the fuss over him.
like everything roy does, this could either go very well or very badly, but will most likely end badly.
this should all have been sorted out three years ago when the bid was submitted.
fletcher in the scotland squad will certainly add another string to their bow
lifted this from the comments on that article, but [here's a more in-depth piece on cfr cluj.](http://www.stretford-end.com/2012/10/an-introduction-to-cfr-cluj-from-a-romanian-football-scout-and-journalist/)
i don't think there's any need to go as far as nba, serie a already allows for reviews and retrospective action. it seems strange that this hasn't already been brought into the english game.
€60 million for hulk? wonder if they'd be interested in buying andy carroll.
public backing of the chairman? doesn't that usually mean the manager is going to be fired within the month?

i'm sure steve kean was recently backed publicly by venky's.
no great surprise there. it does seem strange that an overseas territory that is not a sovereign state should become a member of uefa. i think it would be the first instance of this happening, although other territories such as guam, hong kong, cayman islands, tahiti and puerto rico are all full members of their respective confederations and affiliated with fifa, so it wouldn't exactly be unprecedented.
he's on a great run of form at the moment, and scotland need someone who can score goals- other than kenny miller. 
with any luck he'll like it so much that he'll stay there.
&gt;"nani is not the type to dive," said ferguson. "he has never been that type of player."

i think it's time sir alex had his eyes checked. he obviously needs a stronger prescription. 
i'm not scottish, but i always hope they do well.  fletcher is on fire right now, so good luck to both of them.
who cares what ibra thinks?  probably the second biggest ego in the sport next to ronaldo.
i don't understand the infatuation that epl fans have with andy carroll.  he's had one season, and really hasn't done anything since.  

he had a couple of knockdowns in his first game with wh, and then he got injured.  he did nothing in liverpool.  kenny built the team around crossing the ball in to a big strong striker (adam and downing being among kenny's big signings) and carroll still couldn't get anything done.  carroll had an 8 game span where he didn't have to look over his shoulder to see suarez pressure him for a spot and he still couldn't score goals.

so it's not a comfort thing, it's not an experience thing, it's not a physique thing... it's a problem with talent.  the big strong attacking player is going out of style because, for the most part, they don't have the ball skills to compete with organized defences (save an exceptional few like drogba, ibrahimovic).  teams that rely on set pieces are normally lower to mid table teams looking to survive against teams with talent.

before people gush about carroll he needs to start scoring goals again.  i doubt it'll ever happen, he'll likely go the way of every other overhyped englishman and live off his nationality in the epl.
ibra... just a stupid comment.  his head is so big can't fit through the door.  
you beat me to the punch!  lol.  exactly.
looking at this club's turnover of managers- [eight managers in the past five years](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kasimpasa_sk#managers)- this might not be a long-term move if roy doesn't do better than he did at ipswich.


rivalry is part of the game when it comes to supporting a club. sometimes that can be more heated than is necessarily healthy but it adds an edge. you can look at the friendly rivalry between liverpool and everton or the much less friendly one between [millwall and west ham.](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/news-and-comment/a-rivalry-that-dates-back-to-the-heyday-of-british-shipbuilding-1777732.html)

i don't think there's that much hate for man utd as such, however sir alex has been a prominent and very outspoken figure for a long time. it's easy to admire and respect his achievements, it's much more difficult to actually like the man.
we call those whirlwinds or dust devils where i'm from.
i wonder if it is because the vast majority of the league wouldn't understand him.
incredible to see these kind of numbers for an mls regular season game.  
is there much rivalry generally between the fans from seattle and portland? that always helps boost attendances.
/r/soccerbetting might be a more appropriate place to post this.
**huge** rivalry
if you are from north london, or support one of its teams, it is a prerequisite to hate either arsenal or spurs.  that is in each team's official guidebook (not really, but should be).
great to see the sport having some success in n.a.
seriously?  that is stupid.  they are worth a ton, but not on the same level as man u, and there are many publications to prove otherwise.  
i will sleep better tonight! lol. i just ordered my wilshere kit so fingers crossed!
well, hey. if anybody knows a thing or two about not deserving a ballon d'or, it's ibrahimovic.
wrong game, you want /r/nfl or /r/cfb for posts like this.
then please, link to those sources by all means.
hey ibra... you're cool and all but yeah, shut up.
this isn't the only one i have read, but it's the one i have at home... http://www.forbes.com/sites/kurtbadenhausen/2012/07/16/manchester-united-tops-the-worlds-50-most-valuable-sports-teams/
thank you verry much =)

totally a dust devil. 

obviously the people in the video are used to them because they aren't panicking at all. 

if it was a real tornado people would be screaming and running and generally losing their shit. 


no worries... just one i have sitting in my basement.  rm are certainly amongst the mammoth clubs, just think man u (as much as i might dislike them) are in a league of their own.
yeah, i'd love to spend a day with any world class footballer, just to see what they go through on a daily basis.
i always liked man u since i was a boy.

but when they lost to barcelona doing nothing to even compete, i since then, hate them.

it s the cl final manu !
coming from coritiba's fans, i'm not impressed.
i agree with the conclusion of the article, but definitely not all of his arguments.  the argument that messi has won the award enough already is pretty pathetic, especially for an professional athlete.
a bit more detail about this specific match:  there is a supporter's cup called the cascadia cup, which is on the line.  currently, portland are on 8 points with a game in hand and can clinch it with a win or draw.  seattle are in 2nd on 6 points and vancouver are on 3 points with only one match left for each of them.  unfortunately for this match, the away side is limited to 1,500 by the home team's front office.

football rivalries don't go back very far in the us, but this is one of the longest standing and has been going since 1975.  should be an entertaining match!

more info: [sounders - timbers rivalry])http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seattle_sounders%e2%80%93portland_timbers_rivalry)
he really just doesn't care how hypocritical or obviously wrong he is when saying these things. all he cares about is the team and his players. this is why you'll see him criticising referees so frequently after defeats; takes attention off the poor performances of his players.
&gt;"the territory's government criticised spain's opposition to it joining uefa on monday, saying in a statement that "football and all sport should never be allowed to mix with politics".

end of the story, really. they fined that south korean guy for making a statement about some disputed islands between them and japan at the olympics. the two just shouldn't mix.

as far as i know, there aren't any *legal* means to block it. precedents have already been set with various other similar territories joining their respective competitions. it would just be spain vs uk in the age old gibraltar pissing contest, which usually ends in "we'll both just not talk about it for another 20 years."
i see it as beneficial in the long run, even if it is a case of adding another team like san marino who would be unlikely ever to qualify for the final stages of a tournament. there would then be 54 teams in uefa, so qualification for international tournaments would consist of nine groups of six- much more sensible than the current situation where one group is a team short.

there are usually provisions put in place so countries which don't get on particularly well don't meet each other in qualification- i think russia can't be in the same group as georgia, armenia and azerbaijan can't be in the same group either- so something similar could be done to prevent gibraltar and spain meeting.
all good healthy fun as long as it doesn't get too out of hand. 
thanks a lot for that.

i suspect there could be a dose of jealousy/sour grapes involved. zlatan has played for championship-winning teams each consecutive season from 2003-04 until 2010-11 (calciopoli scandal notwithstanding) and has never won the ballon d'or.
as a neutral when it comes to the champions league, i reckon this will be the pick of tonight's matches.

given my past record on predictions- expect a dull scoreless draw, with arsenal vs olympiakos being the real thriller.
any fulham fans got an opinion about this? does anyone care what bobby zamora thinks?
great player, if occasionally somewhat arrogant. for me his greatest moment was the 2002 world cup semi-final when, after receiving a second yellow card that meant he would miss the final, he got up and within five minutes scored the goal to win the match for his team.
&gt;perhaps the most shameless inclusion on this list. during a 2002 world cup game against turkey, the brazilian was hit by a ball in the leg. instinctively rivaldo clutched his head and then remained lying on the ground in one of the lowest moments in football history. 

i couldn't agree more. rivaldo may have been a great player for club and country, but i lost all respect for him following this incident and his subsequent comments on it, and since then can't see him as anything more than a diver and a cheat.
bad luck given he's just come back after recovering from another injury.

the video linked to in that article has since been taken down. uefa are pretty damn quick with their copyright claims. wonder if it does them any actual good to have videos like that taken down.
given his past performance as a manager i'm not sure that would be a good move. at least it would be convenient for the blackburn fans. in a couple of months all they'd have to do would be to add an extra "e" to their "kean out!" banners.
wenger is never happy that he has players good enough to play for international teams.
i think wenger has legitimate injury concerns in this case. diaby's on his way back and is still being rehabilitated, rushing him into the national team for two potentially physical matches might not be the best thing for him at this stage of his career- certainly not as far as arsenal are concerned.
why does united need another striker, i would say they need some defence/midfield
exactly, he did a great job to get sunderland back into the premier league. but since then he's done nothing. someone get alan curbishley back into management!

haha at the banner idea ;)
it seems there are doubts over nani and hernández, so fergie's presumably looking at him as a possible replacement- maybe even for rooney.
[here's that video of keane swinging a punch at shearer](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqvodgm8bde) they mentioned.

man utd's defence, usually so reliable, has been a bit of a mess this season and i fully expect to see demba ba dancing rings round rio ferdinand this weekend.
fifa world rankings are widely regarded as complete bollocks, but this does seem more realistic than third.

[complete list](http://www.fifa.com/worldranking/rankingtable/index.html)- brazil at 14th? japan and algeria better than belgium?
i'm not sure about that, however i do think he raises valid concerns about the sustainability of clubs with extremely rich benefactors if those benefactors decide they want a different new shiny thing and move on elsewhere.

i like the rule that (german) clubs must be at least 51% owned by members- ie fans- and would welcome a similar situation here too. far too often the fans are ignored- or worse- by bullish owners. [disclosure- as a leeds fan i'm specifically referring to ken bates here] regulating clubs so members retained a significant proportion of ownership- not necessarily the majority- would at least ensure that their concerns were addressed seriously rather than being dismissed in a smokescreen of insults and bullshit.
&gt; i like the rule that (german) clubs must be at least 51% owned by members- ie fans- and would welcome a similar situation here too.

this is crucial. i'd definitely like to see this introduced elsewhere. clubs majority owned by fans might not have the same buying power but they'll stick around in the long run when the owner finds a new toy to play with.
amazing topic..
right now there is, because, until darren fletcher is fully fit, the other option is anderson.
at 1:04 of the video a player has the jersey number 200.
yeah good point, who knows when fletcher will be back to his best. hopefully that's him over his illness. united missed him last season.
i'm not saying that the majority of a club would have to be owned by fans- 25% would work too- just that fans should be in a position where their concerns are taken seriously and not summarily dismissed.

it might take some of the money out of the game but it would improve stability if there was a board of trustees elected by fans to represent their interests on the board. then again when you look at fc barcelona and real madrid being 100% owned by fans/members it makes a mockery of that argument.
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
i use /r/soccer but stumbled accross this place first. i keep it added incase it starts getting some use.
either way they still have options up front that will be there, most likely, at least until the summer. rooney isn't likely to go, rvp just signed and they still have welbeck who is good enough for rotation, three players who are either in or approaching their prime. lewandowski will want to play every game and that wouldn't happen. better off investing in some younger prospects and train up someone to take over in 5/6 years.

as skrozsplitski said, they badly need to fix their clapped out defence and midfield before chasing after more attacking players if they want to remain competitive. surprised saf has allowed it to get this far out of hand.
i don't use /r/soccer but of course, i'm aware of it.

this existed as a multi-purpose subreddit at one time but is now for football solely. at least one merger was propsed some months ago but it was rejected.

if i was a baseball fan and there was /r/baseball and /r/mlb, i'd subscribe to both, even if one had a much smaller user base.

&gt; use a much smaller community here over /r/soccer.

i don't think anyone uses /r/football to the exclusion of /r/soccer.

&gt; do you care for it to be named /r/football

it matters to me, and i think that a majority or /r/soccer users would prefer, in an ideal world, that /r/football was the 'main' football sub. it isn't, but there are no ill feelings. it's just how it panned out.

we maintain this place as an alternative, and deliberately more euro/uk-centric, offering to /r/soccer.
i'm subscribed to /r/soccer. it's alright, but a lot of the content over there is gifs or videos of decent goals which is good, and a good deal of them are impressive but i'd rather read news about football, which is the majority of the content in this sub, i think.

[/r/football](/r/football) is also more uk centric which caters more to what i care about.

/bias
this is terrible. that's the lowest position brazil has ever been in the fifa ranking. 2014 will be a disaster if we stay like this.
i do use /r/soccer and i'm active there. the difference is that, being a smaller community we don't have to concentrate on the top teams and can give attention to stories that might otherwise disappear under a hail of downvotes.

rather than being looked at as rivals to /r/soccer, /r/football should be considered as complimentary to it.

every large subreddit needs a small one where people can go when they get sick of the noise- that's our role.
i refer you to my earlier comment that "fifa world rankings are widely regarded as complete bollocks"

and i think that stands in the case of brazil. your main problem at the moment is whether or not you are better than argentina on the pitch.
same thing that [23_](http://www.reddit.com/user/23_) stated.  i knew about [r/soccer](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer) before this subreddit and enjoy this subreddit more.  due to the fact that it is more news, than random gifs/pics/videos.  which i always want to keep up with it.
i'm guessing when i say that he's probably looking at defensive options too, but bear in mind that this was a manager who said wes brown was a world-class defender, so perhaps he has a blind spot.
i googled inter milan and got this page, from their site which involves transferring tickets. worth a look.

http://www.inter.it/aas/biglietteria/cessione/cessione_hii4?amb=prod&amp;l=en
yeah, this is why i like this subreddit. more often than not, r/soccer is a circlejerk for the big clubs, skill videos etc. i keep browsing r/football for the news and discussions, even though it's quieter.
didn't notice that lol
world cup is a cup where every team in the fifa takes part. there first is a qualification and the final tournament is a  32-teams-tournament with groupstages at first and knock-out games afterwards.

the european cup is the same as the wc but with only european teams. it has been a 16-team-finaltournament, but from 2016 on 24 teams will be in the final tournament.

the national leagues work like this: there are multiple leagues. and in those leagues all teams play each other twice. one game at their home ground and one at the other teams ground. the final table is easy - the team with the most points is the first and so on. the last few - how many depends on the league - are getting relegated into the league one tier lower and the first of the lower league are getting promoted to the higher league. 

you mentioned the champions league. each league gets a certain amount of champions league spots. that depends on the uefa coefficient. that calculates how good the teams of a certain league have played in the european tournaments in the last five years. the better they played the more spots for european tournaments they get. 

taking the german bundesliga as an example: the first three teams of the final league table take part in the champions league. the fourth spot secures a spot in the qualification for the champions league. that means they play against teams from other leagues to battle out the last few cl spots. place five and six are european league spots. the euro league is similar to the champions league, but with ''worse'' teams. if the team that got in spot four doesn't manage to qualify for the cl they get to play in the euro league. 


clubs: national league, champions league, euro league and national cup (a national tournament with teams from different leagues) are held every year.

national teams: european cup, world cup and olympics are held every four years each. 2002 wc, 2004 ec, 2006 wc, 2008 ec... etc. 
olympics are on their regular schedule. (but: olympics is a ''under-23-years-tournament with three players allowed over 23. the olympics aren't very important in football.)


also: the subreddit /r/soccer is a bigger subreddit for the sport. 
im not a follower of the swedish league but i'll do my best.

1st division :

this is called the allsvenskan....this is the top league with the best players and best clubs in the country. the winners of this league get to go into the champions league to compete with the winners and sometimes runners up and up to 4th place teams of each league within europe. (for example sweden only has 1 team that can qualify for the champions league, but england and spain have the top 4 teams that qualify for the champions league.)

2nd division :

this is called the superettan. the teams in this league play on a promotion and relegation system, so the winners and runners up of the superettan will qualify to move up a league into the allsvenskan to play against better teams, the bottom 2 get relegated into the next league down.

the euro cup is not a club based competition, it is a national competition so it is sweden that will compete in this against other nations from europe. this is every 4 years.

the world cup is the same except you are competing against teams across the world, this is also every 4 years. however there are 2 years between the euro cup and the world cup so they will never clash (euro 2012, world cup 2014, euro 2016, world cup 2018 and so on)

the olympics is totally different, this is not the same governing body as all the other competitions above. (olympic committee run the olympics and fifa run the world cup, euro cup, champions league and leagues. each league has its own governing body but i wont go into that because it may confuse you more if i haven't explained myself well enough.)

back to the olympics, this is not run by fifa, each country can only have players under the age of 23 and a few overage players. i suppose this stops the best nations like spain kicking everyones arse. the olympics is not really as important in football. it is still a big event to participate in but not many professionals would rather win an olympic gold than a world cup.

i hope i made myself clear because im not sure if i did. 
what happened to nottingham? they used to be a stellar club but i haven't really read any history on english football to know what caused their decline.
those were the days!
thank you. as a major contributor to /r/football i try to find the most reliable sources and the best-written articles that i hope will provoke discussion.

every article i post is one that i've read beforehand and they're only posted if i think a discerning audience might find them interesting.

edit: that's why i avoid match reports or whatever the story of the day happens to be. unless there's something i find interesting about it, i won't post it.

i do happen to have a liking for good photo galleries, leeds united and *when saturday comes* fan-mag, but i hope those particular indulgences may be overlooked.
and it is getting some use.

what would you like to see from this subreddit?
great explanation! as an american that just got into soccer, i feel so educated/ worldly now.  thanks! 
you seem to have lost your link. for some reason when you add a text description to a post, reddit automatically converts it to a "self post" and strips the link. you're limited to either posting a link with a title or else posting a text post, you can't post a link with a text description.

anyway i've removed this post as it doesn't make much sense without a link- so if you want to try again you can either include the link within the text or else reply to your post with your comment. seems a bit silly but that's how reddit is set up.
thnx for clarifying that one, will keep in mind from now on
i still think gary hooper should get a call, but perhaps the next round of friendlies is the time for that. 
it's a strange idiosyncrasy of reddit that i don't quite understand but it catches quite a few people out.
the #10 is losing its magic mainly because the talent levels in serie a are not what they once were.  this is a league that was once considered the best in the world.  many world class players played in italy in the past decades.  this is simply no longer the case.  as an italian soccer fan, it's disappointing, but this is the new world order.
thierry henry.

edit: and not just because i'm an arsenal fan.


i hate manchester united. i hate wayne rooney. but he is a tremendous player. definitely lacks pace and flair but works harder than most players i've seen. next time united are playing, watch how far he drops into the midfield to win the ball back. he does so many intangible things right, the kind of things that don't show up on the score sheet at the end of the day. 

people calling him one of the best ever could be a bit of a stretch but he is an outstanding player.
seconded.
i actually really like jenkinson. think he's going to be a really good player.
with all the new players i didn't think they would be be bottom of the table, but they just haven't started playing as a team yet.  i think they will eventually turn it around and escape the relegation zone, but it will take time

the next 3 matches will be tough but if they can get a victory out of any of them it could send them in the right direction. 
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
i was eager to read the answer to the question the headline asks, but it simply summarizes the fact qpr haven't got many points.

so i'll answer the question.

the reason qpr are bottom of the league is due to few points being taken so far, which is due to huge changes in the club, for the second or even third time in 12 months.

just as hughes eventually built a home-winning side at the end of last season, he then dismantled it, sending 6 players to the qpr youth side (including our lead goal-scorer). he failed to deal with our poor defense in the summer transfer window and panic bought after the swansea defeat. he decided to bolster our attack by acquiring andy johnson, who has a terrible injury and goal scoring record.

hughes does not know his best 11 and has not been helped by up to 10 players being out injured at one time already in the season. making park captain is also confusing, just when qpr need a real force to bind teh squad. park is a good worker but is absolutely silent during a  game.
how can you hail someone if they're incredible? 
wrong subreddit?
could be, which would you recommend?
here ya go: reddit.com/r/cfb
[r/cfb] (http://www.reddit.com/r/cfb)
wrong type of football. but this is crazy, nonetheless! oh, and see you guys dec. 1st! go nevada!

ok, here's what you do: dress up in as roma colors and ask an inter ultra outside the san siro for help. you're welcome
i think they will pull it together. once the squad gel, they will start getting wins, and although i don't think they'll get mid-table/above this season, i think they'll stay up. however, whatever happens, i think hughs will be sacked.
thirded...lol
our was not one of our finer moments... still, great start to the season
there's some top quality comedy defending going on there!
lack of investment when it was needed (while we were still in a decent premiership position and not yo-yo-ing) and bad management in the final days of clough (when he was hitting the bottle hard) and the managers that succeeded him were either not given the backing they needed, or when they were, spent money stupidly and destabilised the club. then we had a spell of almost doing a portsmouth before getting bought up by a wealthy fan; who then died this year. now we're in the hands of kuwaiti bazillionaires and things are finally looking up.
criticising one mans play based on the fact the whole team was terrible in the first half. carrick is always the scapegoat. 
no
are you trying to get me killed...
50 shades of ray (if you have ray rice)
*tied unitas' consecutive td game record.
i feel like people are reading this as "is rooney the greatest striker in the epl era" it says "one of" guys. and i would say he is definitely up there. 
wrong football.
to understand the differences between the champions league and the europa league further, the el was called "cup winner's cup" earlier, and originally only the national league winners joined the champions league and the national cup winners played in the cup winner's cup (now: europa league), with the cup runner-up joining the cwc if a team did the double (a soccer term meaning a team has won both the national league and the national cup). later, it was changed so more teams joined each competition to increase the format more.
as a man utd fan who watches them more than i do i guess, what do you feel carrick brings to the team? would you have him in the starting lineup?
la pleureuse se rebelle!!!!
az-pill-i-kweta
the new ronaldo is a better than the old one, hands down. the stats prove it. 
for me scholes and carrick should be considered united's starting midfield pair. they know each other inside out, both are willing to come deep to pick the ball up from the defence and always give each other an option if there is not a forward ball to be made (something i'm critical of in our other  midfielders). carrick although not your typical ball winning midfielder also gives you excellent passing something that fletcher just doesn't possess.

looking at united overall this season we have been poor and for me thats down to the formation we have been playing to accommodate kagawa. we played our best football this season in the second half against tottenham when rooney was brought on and we changed to our standard 442 with kagawa playing on the left wing.
lol
&gt;d-ay-v

ftfy


would you help me out next time you see one like that? if you report it, then the report goes to the modqueue and it can be removed quicker. 

it's a bit of a problem with this subreddit. most of them are caught by the spam filter anyway but occasionally one slips through the net.

kinda tied up at the moment with a rl thing, so haven't been as active as usual, but i'm still taking a look at the modqueue every now and then.
i reckon this is a tough fixture for man utd and doubt many of their fans will be looking forward to it. i think this will probably be the pick of sunday's premier league matches.
&gt;wenger continued: "i rate carroll, and don't think we have seen the best of him until now."

that's what every liverpool fan is hoping, because if we have seen the best of him, then it makes a mockery of the price tag.
apologies for posting two wenger articles in a row, but i fully agree with him on this. the referee's decision needs to be as impartial as possible without players screaming in their face.

i think football could learn a lot from rugby on this issue. only the captain is allowed to talk to the referee, anyone else attempting to do so risks a card for dissent. it would also bring some meaning back the position of captain.

edit: i appreciate that it would cause a lot of disruption when initially brought in and would give some managers headaches, but there's little more i'd like to see than, when a group of players surround the referee and scream in his face, that he flashes the yellow card at each and every one of them.

i'm fairly sure that pierluigi collina used to referee that way. maybe i'm looking fondly at the past but one of the reasons he originally stood out in my memory was the lack of dissent in serie a matches he refereed compared with ones he didn't.
there's way more to a player than stats
bernd schuster would be something of a coup for blackburn.
i'll use that the next time someone claims a player should break in to the england side because they've gotten 'x' pass completion rate.

cristiano ronaldo is a spoiled brat and a shadow of his brazilian namesake in the 'personality' stakes. 

on the pitch (you could argue off it too), cristiano is a superb athlete, works his balls off and has continued to work his balls off a the highest level... breaking records and banging in goals at a ratio not even the great messi can match.

there is no let up, he just keeps getting better and looks to be in better physical condition than he's ever been. the brazilian ronaldo, whilst naturally gifted, also had a tendency to go off the rails.
seems almost unbelievable to me that this should be necessary. is there a boycott or are they losing fair-weather fans?
i would give my left nut to be at that game. 

serie a and la liga (barca/madrid exclusive) are struggling to keep up with the sickening amounts of money the premier league generates. just look at gaston ramirez going to southampton.
i'm trying to reconcile the greatness that was dalglish, with the absolute fuckup of signing that big waste of space.

until carroll starts scoring goals again he's nothing but a fluke.  he had 8 games without having to look over his shoulder at suarez and he couldn't produce.  despite the fact that liverpool are going through some rough times, they were, and are, a stronger side than west ham.  

there's a reason there aren't many huge hulking strikers on top teams.  it's because big players more often than not lack the technical skills to compete with organized defences.  andy carroll simply cannot be an elite striker in the league because he lacks the class to create his own chances.

wenger has to light a spark under his team because he wants to win the game, not because he has any particular admiration for carroll.  wenger has his own hulking striker he should be worrying about getting started if he wants to compete for a champions league spot.
it's fucking insane the amount of money in the premiership.

i wish trickle-down economics was a real thing instead of a nice idea.
i have long thought that carroll did well in the championship for newcastle but was concerned that he would make the step up in quality to compete at the top level of the premiership.

we've seen it before, but for every alan shearer there's a kevin phillips, andy johnson, bobby zamora and kevin davies. i felt from the outset that £35 mil was too much to spend on potential.

he might do well as west ham- and good luck to him, i hope he proves me wrong- but i think a mid-table premiership club is about his limit.

ibrahimović is 6'5" and [jan koller](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_koller) is 6'7" and has scored more international goals than bobby charlton, but i guess those might be the exceptions.
this weekend sees the derby match between seattle and portland. apparently [66,000 tickets have been sold for that one](http://seattletimes.com/html/soundersfcblog/2019315910_ticket_sales_have_surpassed_66.html)- i'm seriously impressed by that figure.

obviously football has the support of fans in the us, let's hope it turns into creating a real quality league.
dalglish the second time around was not a very good choice as manager in my opinion and from the outside looked like he was brought in just to cool off the tension with the fans. he made many poor decisions, let's be honest. £35m on carroll was one of several, albeit the highest profile.

i think what dalglish hoped for in carroll was an english drogba, but he got a carlton cole. he has the potential to become a crouch-esque player who will always be a threat against almost any team (though he certainly isn't right now), but he'll never be worth that £35m in today's game. that kind of transfer fee should only be paid for someone who is comfortably and undoubtedly among the best in the league (hell, in the continent) at whatever position he's in.

wenger is obviously talking him up because in the past arsenal have struggled against teams with strong physical players breaking up their passing and threatening their defenders, who even for cb's aren't exactly the beefiest characters. he's firing them up and making them aware of the aspect of the game he can threaten them with, as you said.
i reckon you're right- it's a derby match and fat sam has a tendency to play effective physical sides which might be a worry for wenger. upton park is not a ground you can go to with any confidence that you're going to come away with 3 points.

still, i reckon the highlight of this weekend will be man utd away at newcastle- the geordies should be up for it after their convincing win against bordeaux, never mind the [recent history.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jymhkddnyjw)
yup, premier league wise i think man utd v toon will be the best viewing, especially with ba seeming to be in one of his scoring streaks and man utd's defence looking shaky.
i'm expecting demba ba to show exactly why rio shouldn't be considered for international duty.
what's, with, the, comma?
nice
i mean, they're on a tear... serious, serious talent there.  
i'm amazed by your genius, you gentlemen sir! your comment was a work of art, you gorgeous beautiful person.
lol... i couldn't figure out whether i was more surprised that a ceo of one of bundesliga's biggest clubs would say another was the best team openly, or that i took the time to read the whole article and actually cared at least a little!
i have a friend of mine who is a huge acm supporter.  he's actually attended a few matches, and has family that goes to many of their matches.  he says the atmosphere is so different than it was even as little as 5 years ago.  he says many are discouraged at the selling of players, (assuming silva and ibra) to clubs like psg... 
you gotta love wenger... he's also the first one to jump off the bench and accost the 4th official! lol... i love it!
wrong sport. seriously.
mate this is the subreddit where we talk about football. 

football

foot

ball
i think you are looking for /r/nfl
i would say that andy carroll was more worthy of inclusion on that list than john terry.
that's not a very good article, it's full of strawmen, disingenuous arguments (bent joined villa in january 2011 but he's been there 3 years? it's clearly misrepresenting the facts to support the argument because 20 goals in 44 league appearances contradicts the claims about his goalscoring record) and stuff that just doesn't make sense (comparisons to andy cole as an *insult*? ignoring that mats hummels has had his defending problems in recent months as well? or that pique was pretty poor last year?)
i do actually like wenger, i think he's a great manager and i'd be delighted to see him in charge at leeds.

says a lot for arsenal that they've recognised his qualities and stuck with him. if you look at the three longest-serving managers in the english football leagues, they are, in order- alex ferguson, arsene wenger and david moyes. they've all had their ups and downs with their respective clubs, but they've also had successes; point is that the clubs have stuck with them and backed the manager.

it's my opinion, but i think all too often the manager is used as a scapegoat for bad results and clubs- looking at spurs and newcastle mainly- have a high turnover of managers because it's an easy and cheap option to replace him when the truth of the matter is that there's something fundamentally wrong with the team.

i think a manager should be allowed to build their own team and develop their own philosophy before they can be judged on their performance.
i remember milan as a powerhouse of a team in both italy and europe, so i find this situation inconceivable.
i think shearer would be the wrong man for the job. he's not experienced enough as a manager nor in any managerial capacity.

apparently bernd schuster is interested- four years ago he was the manager at real madrid- that would be a hell of a coup for blackburn to pull off.

edit: i think shearer would make a good assistant manager at blackburn beside an experienced manager- so he could learn and maybe then become a manager himself- not convinced he has the experience yet.

that's why- much as i dislike colin wanker- i do like him managing my team- he's experienced and he's a fighter. 
hes a quality player, has really progressed last year at swansea - hes  a better passer and more comfortable on the ball than dawson, so is already better suited to play under villas-boas. sign him up to a long contract levy!
andy carrol isn't that highly rated.
£35 mil says he was. liverpool did not pay that to buy a donkey.
wtf pelé acts like a super controlling father to neymar
he should have jumped instead of trying to hurt the keeper. karma.
they do have outside of the foot shots in fifa this year.
i don't take anything he says seriously now.  he's kind of ridiculous.
for free kicks?
not sure. i know they have outside of the foot passes and regular shots. i haven't a outside fk though. it would be a good addition to the game though. an extra jolt of realism

he said neymar was the number one player in the world not too long ago. somewhere messi, ronaldo, and rooney are shaking their heads.
quaresma ftfy.
pes has an outside skill card since forever
normally when i watch videos of goals i just think "wow good shot".  for this i was sitting here and just said outloud "fuck."  my roommates asked what it was and i showed him the video.  he stood there and just said "...fuck..."

touch to see though was it a backheel or off the inside of his foot?
**clasico covers this morning:**


[mundo deportivo](http://a.yfrog.com/img877/5710/2a9rh.jpg)

[marca](http://a.yfrog.com/img857/5371/oi8gt.jpg)

[as](http://a.yfrog.com/img740/1844/536ol.jpg)

[el periodico](http://a.yfrog.com/img736/6613/2eyxu.jpg)

[la razon](http://a.yfrog.com/img875/8396/q09fi.jpg)
good. he's shite anyway. i'm a west ham fan as well.
wayne rooney?
to israelis too... last purim was full of messi in my neighborhood.


i think the main interesting point of the article was that hamas is somehow against barca.  more reason to hate them.
hey guys.... just so you know, this is a quick book review of the book called, "how soccer explains the world".  try to look past the inclusion of "soccer" rather than "football".  not sure if anyone else read it?  if so, what did you think?
you can... just aim it how you would and put the appropriate spin on.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l89wclglwo
this guy...
i really enjoyed the stories about the serbian league, was really a crazy time for sports to be so involved in the war.
he may be the only player in this league to provide comedy without even saying a word.
xdd
disgrace to the sport... fits right into his national team, if you ask me.
i really can't stop laughing after watching the video. the best striker since eboue.
just for future reference, when it comes to catalan newspapers talking about real madrid, they're as unreliable as those 'itk' twitter accounts.
you're looking for /r/nfl 
well it worked for tevez, right?
what a baby. 
wrong football
he plays for united, he won't get shit.
come on, dont turn this place into r/soccer
if he gets a ban so should huth cos let's face it, he could quite easily have avoided stepping on suarez's chest... 
yeah it was a bulot from the blue
can't see the bulot goal as it's been removed, but out of the other three cleverley's seems the least flukey.
[found another link, around 0:50](http://in.news.yahoo.com/video/sports-28587204/frederic-bulot-scored-twice-as-standard-liege-came-from-behind-to-beat-anderlecht-2-1-on-sunday-in-a-belgian-pro-league-match-that-was-twice-interrupted-by-fans-throwing-flares-on-to-the-pitch-30805114.html)
good work - yeah that's pretty nice. one touch stinkers like that are always impressive.
yeah + i find it hard to believe that cleverley really meant to struck it and not cross it ;)
the first la liga clasico of this season: real madrid versus barcelona, messi versus ronaldo.
abram shouldnt do shit, nothing goes well when he starts meddling with the lineup...
i was scanning over the text so maybe i missed it but...

how exactly do they expect homeless people from other nations to get to mexico city?

why does mexico city expect all of the homeless people to leave mexico city after the event?

how offensive is it to homeless people to have someone make a competition and spend all sorts of money on shit about the game, instead of providing direct help to these homeless people?


without trophies you gotta keep the fan base involved somehow.
was a great match, and had a fitting scoreline
lucky for him... very lucky. had this been a lesser player on a lesser team, would they, too, have avoided discipline? i'm not so sure...am i alone?
will cashley ever shut up?
who to follow now?
manchester united is the best!
anyone got a vid? haven't seen the incident.
[try this](http://www.caughtoffside.com/2012/10/08/video-robin-van-persie-elbows-newcastle-united-midfielder-yohan-cabaye/)
thanks.

pretty bad video of it but it's fairly obvious that he intentionally threw is arm out there to make a hit.
what an unbelievable tragedy.

rip.
i share your thoughts. rip.
i am pretty sure that was a 3 1/2 minute long video of fouls from a handful of games so far this season. it is 2012 though mate, love it or loathe it the 'after contact' theatrics are now a part of the game. even everyone's beloved british players are at it. where were the headlines about this from sundays games http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhx4x7otx7m ? 

suarez's dive for the pen on sunday was laughable. to be fair to him, he had been having lumps kicked off him for the previous 80 minutes on sunday, most of which had gone unpunished. strange the way the one dive made the headlines ahead of huths stamp though.

coming from a liverpool fan, i can't see suarez being one of the best strikers in the world.
suarez sucks. he got skills but prefers complaining.
wait so this way made by a fan of suarez to show fouls he should have been given as free kicks/penalties? there are more dives than legit fouls.
ethics aside, you'd think these people would've by now caught on to the fact that their actions have consequences like this...
i hope they continue playing as britain in olympics. it's a once in 4 year chance to see a totally new team on the field.
twitter is one of the most dangerous things for any athlete.  that's why these guys hire pr staffs. cole should've had someone from his staff controlling the twitter.
i like him as a player, and love his twitter account (highly entertaining), but he needs maturity.  i think a change of scenery (perhaps to acmilan?) would do wonders for him.  
as a gooner i'm tired of hearing about walcott's people stalling and walking away.... if it means selling and getting someone else, than fine.
i rarely like a forward moving into mid, but rooney has the effort and drive to make it work... that guy runs, runs, runs, and he would be playing behind rvp anyway... not a horrible idea.
what a sad, sad event.  stupid people these days...rip
i wonder where the player biographies are taken from? there is some interesting use of the english language in there... *"in 2005 his career went forward at a steady gait, when the footballer joined more prestigious slough town."* 
£300,000 for a tweet? and here i thought my phone/data bill was expensive.
at 52 characters, that ends up being £5,907,692 per megabyte.
this is a joke right? half of those are dives. the funniest at 2:08 where his jetpack accidently goes off.
has anyone heard anything to the rumours of neymar to psg?  i was just assuming it was some rumour created to sell papers, but just thought i'd ask... 
to add to the credibility of the site: cristiano ronaldo as midfielder? cristiano ronaldo as midfielder a better player than: iniesta, xavi, di maria, gerrard, lampard... ??
as a senior member of the pn football team i'd like to see this great rivalry match win the vote! help a fellow redditor out!
i didn't check it out, but allegedly there was some report that neymar said he would be "honored" to join psg?

if he said that i think its just because he didn't want to insult psg, surely he would prefer over teams over psg. 
you're looking for /r/nfl 
perhaps balotelli, it seems difficult to keep him around ;)
let me know what you think!
rio ferdinand got fined about £40k for the 'racial' choc-ice comment so calling out the fa is technically 7.5 times worse than being racist to another professional on twitter.

not even a good point bringing up their wages. cole is also struggling to agree to a new contract at chelsea and even if he is being paid more than rio, that is too laughable of a gap.

[show me fa, show me where the bad man touched you] (http://filipinofreethinkers.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/doll-where-did-he-touch-you-child-abuse-creepy.jpg)
ah thankyou!
and they can fuck off 'n' all!
yeah i think he was just being polite. http://www.sambafoot.com/en/news/36672_neymar__it_would_be_an_honour_to_play_for_psg.html. i can't wait to finally see where he ends up. fingers crossed it's premier league. 
who the fuck cares about this? they're totally incomparable. they play in different leagues, in different competitions, on different continents. until neymar moves to europe he'll never even be in the frame for best in the world or even comparison for players in europe, i don't care how much money is in the brazilian league now. 
thank you, i was just going to say the same thing
twitter can be very expensive

i can't wait to see him be totally mediocre in a european league.
[this man comes to mind.](http://www.soccerwindow.com/adriano/adriano4.jpg)
ridiculous site, russia better than spain?
adriano never did anything comparable to neymar while still in brazil, so i don't think it's the best comparison. 
sagna is going nowhere.
and there is the slight fact that the english team rarely does well enough to qualify.
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
seriously, stay the f out of north london!  well, actually, you can have your pick from spurs! lol
how do west ham fans feel about this stadium, as a fan of a team outside london i feel that it is a travesty that it is even being considered to be handed over to a premier league football club.

i understand west ham are offering a wide ranging community program, but surely a better program can be offered by a non profit organisation. 
main thing i'd be concerned with, is how would the stadium be for the fans?  especially with a track being there, they would have to dig a little bit more into the ground and add more seats to be able to get the fans closer to the field.  it really depends on what happens when they convert it (i think i read them spending between 95 to 120) and how the stands are projected to change when they do that.

to me, this is one of the biggest problems with getting the olympics, what is the best thing to do with the expensive stadiums you build for it?

*edit: another facet to consider is how many fans would west ham project to average per game?  if they are unable to get at least 60k per game, the stadium would feel pretty empty.
i'd open it up and give it to london and schools in the south east. have every sports day there. parents mates everyone in for free from st thomas school of what not from who knows where.
 fuck it, make no money at all and then have take that, jessie j doing concerts all summer long.


that'd be a good idea if the finances of the upkeep of the staidum could be easily done.  if it could become the place to have concerts and other events that could pay for all the upkeep, that would be a pretty good solution.
he's like that guy in all workplaces that is out sick every second day and doesn't actually add any value other than make up numbers so you question why he's there at all... keep dreaming, son cause your england days are over unless you stay fit and start banging in 30 goals a season...
the english side might suck, but this is just ridiculous!
oh wow. haha sorry for my ignorance. i didn't even think about reddit being global.
to be honest, you'd rather see owen back than john jo shelvy get a start...
they can team up with our [2011/12 away kit](http://i.imgur.com/y6bfr.jpg) and we can [boldly go where no man has gone before](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=xsxgclf0tsy#t=42s).
wrong subreddit. this is association football. you're looking for /r/nfl
wrong place for this dude, this is for football (soccer) not nfl!
sorry about that. where do i edit the sub?
rooney's main problem is that there is no one single position that suits him best. he's one of those players you can't assign a position to, you don't play him, you unleash him.
i'm not a man utd fan by any means, but to have that kind of player in your squad must be heaven when it works and a nightmare when it doesn't...
delete your post from here, then repost the link in /r/nfl :) happy to help!
thanks man! appreciate it
i'm eager for my england call up too
i would do exactly the same thing.
but i'm pretty sure that west ham's solution doesn't fund the upkeep of the stadium either. 

if neither solution financially adds up then let it go to the greater good, which of course is the youth of the country. 
such rankings can be explaned by activity of russian football fans voted for russian teams and players.
"mr. prince frank middleton, duchessman of cambridge."

solid fucking gold.
she's not the future queen. that's not how it works.
when william becomes king, kate will be crowned as queen. that is how it works.
took him a second to actually realise it had gone in
no it doesn't. maybe in fairytales. we only have one monarch.
the reason we only have one monarch at the minute is because a king consort is very unheard of in the english monarchy.

when william is crowned, kate, being his wife, is crowned as queen consort. simple stuff, my friend. read up on it.
as a completely biased arsenal fan, i tend to agree with gazidis (can't believe i actually agree with anything  he says).  arsenal do not overspend, turn a profit for their board, and still boast a good team.  the problem is that because other teams (man city and chelsea) are not as fiscally responsible, arsenal runs the risk of losing out to those teams who spend heaps more to bring in top talent.  that makes developing players from within all the more important, and if wenger has done anything right, it's that once he has those younger talents (for the most part), he knows how to develop them.  keeping them, well that's a story for another day (cough, rvp, cough)
the four-headed beast cannot possibly all stay...someone will leave.  i thought tevez because of, well, you know, but i guess they don't have the desire to kick him the f out of manchester as i thought they would.  

city have too many headcases - balotelli should head for serie a (seriously, not cause i dislike him, but because i think he will thrive there), tevez should be sold out of continental europe, which leaves still dzeko and aguero...both nice options.
nice article... certainly we all can agree it needs to stop.  my mate also wrote one just last night on same topic.  not to hijack your thread, i will pm you the url.  cheers!


no [gon nakayama?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/masashi_nakayama) the dude's been in japanese anime for pete's sake.  or is this for current players?
hate this guy.

but i know what he can offer to the scotland setup. we need everyone to play well on friday...
[youtube link for the lazy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkzhlstqfmy)
3 magnificent touches
i'd take off my shirt too.
hecka athletic yo
only two women? well, i guess he had to be extra careful since it was at work.
lance armstrong is getting a lot of crap but kansas city will not change the name of their football pitch.

for the canadians out there, i think they should honour ben johnson and call it cheetah energy drink park.  

lance and johnson (and carl lewis, barry bonds, etc...) are all the same imo.
i wish they would change it too- but having been to a game in that stadium, the whole livestrong thing is a big deal. if i'm not mistaken a cancer survivor sits in his "yellow" seat every game.... i still think they can manage to do the charity stuff and not slap a joke of a name on that world class stadium. 

i hope they change it before we get to the point where we did with enron field jokes...
i want to get so famous people write shit like this about me.
i never knew this subreddit existed. i searched for the link to see if it had been posted.  
  
i like james' considered approach to the topic of racism in football. unless you're very young you know that the game, as well as society in general, has moved along very quickly. the terry and suarez incidents were highlighted enormously by the media making them larger than they needed to be - suarez in particular as it really did seem like a cultural clash. the entire terry case is way too complicated and wishy-washy to really even comment on.
livestrong is a charitable organization that has helped countless people with their cancer research and donations to the cause.  somewhere around 70% of people said they would still donate to livestrong even after yesterday's news.  yes, it was begun by a man who almost certainly cheated at sports, but it has not affected anyone's lives negatively.  

don't even dare compare livestrong to enron, a company whose lies ruined the lives of many, many people. 
i appreciate your passion- but i still disagree. in the long term, if armstrong is shamed, the charity will unfortunately become an easy joke for most. i'm not saying they'll stop helping people (or trying to compare lance's issues to enron's)- i'm saying that i believe the image of the organization, like armstrong, will take a major blow. sorry. i hope you're right, for what its worth!
what a brilliant goal, wow.
not denying the good work done by the organization, but the name will forever be tarnished from now on. time to change the name and disassociate completely from lance..
hattrick + goal = awesome
i think any local media would make a big story out of the terry-ferdinand saga and suarez saga, however, when it comes to england and its media its twice as bad because they seem to enjoy spanning these stories and creating drama as much as they can.
i'm pretty sure this is not a goal, in a penalty shootout the ball is dead as soon as it finishes its forward motion
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
this is the kind of story that you expect on april 1st! okay, it's just joint head coach but still it's barnet! this is the best thing to happen at barnet since ashley cole got reinjured in a reserve game.
rooney says he has matured since that night he kicked that montenegro bloke up the bum
the rule is:

&gt; a kick is successful if, having been touched once by the kicker, it crosses the goal line without going out of play or touching any player other than the defending goalkeeper. the ball may touch the goalkeeper, posts, or crossbar any number of times before going into the net.

forward motion is not considered.
he seems to have pele's arrogance. 
the rule must have changed since i did my referee's course, because i remember asking this exact question.  i did the course in 2003 so it may well have done.
in the 1986 world cup, it bounced forward off the post, hit the keeper's back and into the goal. the brazilian coach protested that it should have been considered a miss when it bounced off the post but the ref disagreed. the rule was changed in 1987 to clarify this situation &amp; they supported the referee's decision.

the above is the same situation except it hit off of the ground, not the keeper.
i hate this. i didn't see a single thing that they didn't all say about robinho, too.
he's getting on a bit now and can't play a full game every match but whenever he comes on we look a completely different team, he lifts everybody. proper class player.
so handsome. no homo.
i've always wondered if barcelona players ever get bored with playing in la liga. i know winning is fun, but not to the extent where there's not much of a challenge.  even when there is a challenge it may usually be, because the opposition is playing ultra defensive. i think of barcelona playing in la liga as playing fifa on semi-pro.
concacaf road games are always difficult, but the americans are just the better team.
absolute must win for the canadian team tonight.

hahahaha
it would still be awesome to be on the same pitch as some of the top english players.  i'd get some autographs at the end of the game to be honest
exhibit 37,802 why fifa is a messed up organization.
i cant wait until neymar is a fat irrelevant old cunt who can't keep his mouth shut too!
watch out for mirko palazzi, apparently the team's star player, who hails from italy's fourth division football
i expect to see a lot of shirt swapping.

also, imagine telling your boss that 'i won't be able to make it to work tomorrow because i'm playing an internation match against england at the wembley stadium'.
the only one of their football players that actually has "footballer" as his occupation. 
i like how coppini is listed as "olive oil company". 
i wonder if ciballi works for vitaioli.
there's a disney movie in there somewhere. 
he does, my friend has drunk in their bar.
i said this on /r/canada already, but:

1.  why did it take so long for them to make that decision?  that game took place on august 6.

2.  *four games* for saying something negative about a ref *after the game*?  it's something that should be punished, for sure, but four games is harsh.
...and how chelsea got rocked by atletico in the cup winners cup? or how three of the four semi-finalistis of europe league were spanish teams. or about how well malaga is playing right now. 
wow, i can't believe that you looked at the picture that was linked too!
reminds me of the mohawk swiss guy who got banned from the olympics because he insulted the south korean team
so what can we talk about if we're not allowed to talk about the picture?
i thought reddit was like fight club./s

honestly, it wasn't meant to be as snarky as it came off.
i misread enrico cibelli profession as batman for a second.
just ridiculous. a one match penalty, okay, but four is just stupid!
he is one united player i really like... his all-out hustle is legendary
erm... back to the drawing-board?
semi final against ajax
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
good. i would prefer anfield to be expanded than to have to move to stanley park.
at least he saved it. 
this was a question on the million pound drop. i would've fucking won that million.
as an oldham fan, i'm so happy they used our old logo in this article. it's so much better. 
"west ham united are a famous, cultured club who play football the correct, attractive way. a contemporary style of sexy football. a unique brand of modern day disciplined build up play."

he must be watching a different west ham to the one i've been seeing this season (i.e. sam allardyce's west ham)
hi i love football
agreed. i preferred our football under zola, even though we were rock bottom.
not a united fan at all, but i love rooney's game and fire/passion.  seriously to be considered captain, for me.
seriously? you're 3 years out the loop my friend.
if venezuela makes it to the 2014 world cup i will cry rom excitement and scream my lungs out til the first match.

we have hope :d
can't see that happening from the top 4 automatic qualification spots, maybe through the 5th play off spot
you're looking for /r/nfl 
must be a slow news day in football land.
i have been really impressed with jenkinson this season. he looks to have improved enormously in a short time. 
welbeck is a good talent - but he has quite a lot of areas to improve on, control being the biggest. he needs to develop his footwork to compliment his movement and speed. hopefully united can continue his first team involvement and develop that side of his game.
he is a pretty damn good goalkeeper though.
it's a betting site spammer, they're looking for a ban.
this seems entirely appropriate for the subreddit
i think you got the wrong subreddit. this one is for soccer.
but don't take this shit to /r/nfl either. 
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
removed because it's spam.

this should be posted in /r/soccerbetting instead.
as has been pointed out elsewhere, this particular international goalkeeper is actually an accountant, so although it's a nasty challenge i'd be inclined to call it clumsiness rather than imply any sort of intent behind it.
we all know he hits the ground easily, but it was interesting to hear how a defender who has the task of battling him feels about his game
sec rules!
best!"
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
interesting, i always figured it was a us media creation.

still like football better though.

soccer will never become widely used... but interesting history...
we are doing relatively well, we can reach the 4th spot but it's hard, yes, and well, i will be sad if we don't reach 5th spot at least
what a joker.
it's called sepak takraw! it's mainly played in indonesia and malaysia. i would love to see some professional players trying it out. 
i dislike them both because i'm not a fan of football based around one player who runs fast and dribbles. but if i had to pick, i'd go for pele because:

 a) he wasn't on uppers.

b) he didn't win a world cups by scoring goals with his hand.

and c) he didn't have a ridiculous failure of a career in coaching.
maradona.

pele back then had an awesome team with garrincha and vava. 

maradona was able to win championships by himself with a mediocre team

argentina was never that good. they got the 78' one thanks to the military, and after maradona they haven't recover that fabulous playing , not even with messi.

brazilian players have been always outstanding, and back then soccer was kinda different. in the eighties, defenders were merciless with maradona's ankles

british still whine about the hand goal, but the goal of the century in the same match, makes clear that argentina was way better than uk in 86.


to be clear, jenkinson played for finland u21, but has committed his future to three lions after hodgson meeting.

as a gooner i'm ecstatic with his progress.  he had a rough start last season, but watching him this year, he is playing with much more confidence.
puskas.  lol... i gotta go with pele on this one though...
keane says they were embarrassed by the game against germany.  at 6-1 i don't think embarrassing begins to describe it.
really harry?   bale is a great player, but he's not at that level
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
i still think about when we were sold for a pound
just the title... awesome!
anything is possible.  likely? no.  
falcao is seriously insane!!  that guy might be the best player in the world in a few years.
really sick of seeing this. for the gazzillionth time, messi is not the godfather of sergio's son benjamin. it is a guy named lucas fernández who is kun's friend.
link plays two videos simultaneously? wow. even if it wasn't some spam account it'd be a downvote.
4*
wait, i thought the serbian player was trying to calm danny rose down initially. when, how and why did it all go south so suddenly? o_o
agreed... he will be in premier league come january
good on them for making a good go of it
omg that is just stupid. falcao and maybe we can talk...he will be there very soon
rafa will always get my upvote.  
  
this just made me think of something kinda sad though... i happen to know that he was hosting a charity evening tonight and had planned to commentate over the poland v england match. i even considered buying a ticket for the occasion. now i feel bad for him and gutted for those who attended... hopefully it was still a success.
where was this kids team when he was getting the shit beaten out of him? i know there is no room for this kind of violence in futbol but you have to defend and protect your team. 
i think so too... but i still wouldn't put it past real to buy him or barcelona either.  those teams have the cash to compete with any one.
...and they have all played in serie a apart from anelka and c.ronaldo
to be clear, read the article before downvoting... he gives props to other leagues, just thinks pl has greatest depth (to which i agree, for the record).
i have bought from this place before as well... good results.  pm me if you want details about it specifically.
he shouldn't be a sub at all... there are a few (cough, tevez and balotelli, cough) that could benefit from a city exit (or from the premier league entirely).
they had great momentum.  i don't envy any team that has to play in honduras... have you seen that stadium?  i wonder how much the hostility played on their minds?  no doubt, they got beaten by a better team, no excuses.  just wondering if they were shell-shocked by the atmosphere.
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
stop posting
oh my worst highlights ever.

here is a better quality version: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fghmhhmr9hw
good guy sponsor: spends millions on advertising rights, re-instates stadiums historical name!
absolutely insane. got to love this comeback even if you're not a sweden fan!
wow, people are quick with the submissions
that touch o.o

the youth of today &amp; the unemployment 
that photo wasn't taken in warsaw. national stadium has red seats and no race track
i seriously like holtby's game... very bright future indeed.
broken link brosef
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hos1mcf8aei
he just wanted to be able to show people that he was an official for a game that messi played in, although he probably should of waited until after the game.
thats insane. he never once looked behind him... how did he know? super pass!
honestly the ref isn't going to be biased because he got a picture. messi doesn't need the help of referees to play like a legend.
what a talent.  he'll be at a big club soon.
glad to see some good honest serious discussion being promoted here
dude let the guy live a little is fucking messi for god's sake!!!! plus what? if at then end of the game the players exchange jerseys then that should be controversial too?? this is bogus i don't see absolutely anything wrong here.
it may not have been an 8 goal thriller like germany-sweden, but god damn that was an entertaining match. 
chicks are brutal

reminds me of this girl: http://youtu.be/uveobenfgcc
people need to remember referees are humans not emotionless robots
[england v germany....who will win?](http://strackattack.com/gifs/crouch%20robot.gif)
you're looking for /r/nfl 
where is the controversy? who actually has a problem with this?
sahin, lol - he a funny guy!
the only thing i can imagine people have a problem with is that it may suggest favouritism. i wouldn't have thought anything of it though, just seems a tad unprofessional is all. definitely wait until after the game though.
fun fact: over time, mark lawrensen's predictions are less accurate than predicting a 2-1 home win in every match. keep posting, great job!
this is actually pretty awesome. got about 15
glad to see giroud score and hopefully he will bring his momentum brack to the premier league.
“completely revamped match engine” - it feels like they say this or some variation on this every year. 

i do plan on getting to the emirates at some point in my life, but i guess i'll need a second mortgage on my house to do that. lol
every sequel ever.
doesn't quite got the footwork down... pun intended.
and i had just taken over them in football manager13. i'm their last hope!
really good read, thanks for that. 
that article is pretty scathing of ken bates without really explaining why. has he really been that bad for leeds?


as a chelsea fan i always felt he did a good job with the limited resources available before abramovich bought the club. has this not been the case at leeds too?
rising prices for tickets and other match day purchases, a lack of investment in the squad and broken promises over said investment, unwilling to offer good players parity of wages, antagonistic towards the fanbase, i could go on.

if anything positive can be said about ken bates, it is that he "stabilised" the club (admittedly taking it into administration twice in doing so), but you won't find many that are willing to give him any credit at all. 
this will get me hate from others, but most united fans, including me, hope you rot in hell. nothing against you personally but you know what our history is like. i love how ken bates has thrown you through the dirt, managed to sell the club back to himself, and has screwed many leeds fans over. i work in leeds and my closest friends are leeds fans, the fun we have between personal friends is great, but there is certainly no love lost. you hate us, we hate you. even though you're probably a nice guy ;) 
still cheaper than following an nfl/nba team
when you say "united" i take it you're a scum fan?

feeling's mutual mate.

edit: got you an upvote from me anyway- unless you're talking about the blunts.
yes i'm a red, season ticket holder, and you can have an upvote from me. by the way, you seen one of your fans has smacked chris kirkland this evening?
that was despicable, and i hope he is banned for life from all football matches. the police might want to have a word with him as well.


have now. that's shit but there's some fucking bell-ends round every team.
i'm betting he's injured by monday.
shameful.

the idiot who did it was banned from every ground in the league when he was 16 and has already breached the banning order three times!


it is shameful, it goes without saying that this behaviour is not acceptable from anyone, ever. dave jones has apparently implied this is indicative of all leeds fans; leeds certainly does have a history of fan violence but he implies *all* leeds fans should be banned from *all* away games? this may be hearsay because that is ridiculous in itself. this guy should be punished, severely (he has previously been banned from attending games), but you can't punish the entire fan base just because of the actions of 1 (or a minority).

from what i read, both sides fans were berating each other with singing about accusations that kirkland was a paedophile, wednesday fans singing about the 2 fans who were killed in turkey.. and then of course this. none of that is acceptable, and you can't just single out leeds fans; just single this guy out, and try your best to make your fan base grow up (this goes for every team).
i know, quite the shocker, five live was talking about "they hope they dont have to bring back the railings at hillsborough", what a terrible thought
the only way to stop them is to put them behind bars. you try to ban a football fan properly, i can guarantee that not all stadiums have the facilities available to stop someone banned getting in and using a ticket.
it's impossible that will happen. whoever suggested that was a fucking moron, unless you are winding me up.

on the other hand we have that fucking cunt bates currently in charge- who tried to put an electrified barrier when he ran chelsea.

anyway- hope the glaziers take you down- fuck you! 
rio is such a cunt. 
oh come off it m8.... could this sub be anymore pro chelsea?
i noticed really bad tackles, but players were just shrugging it off getting up. only injury i saw was boot to testicle. i guess people were tougher back then.
that's why i love neuer - he can easily go up and support the team as a 5th defender... i even read somebody say that he is good enough to play as an outfield player in the 3. liga
everywhere.. except here
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asp2aogg7qe#t=29


seriously though, he's a phenomenal keeper!

i hate you for reminding me of that moment.  i thought that i got drunk enough that day to forget it forever
this is true. and at an age so young.
my favorite neuer moment ever: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwwr6xbygb8

historical!
&gt;goalkeeper, defender, midfielder and forword.

but not an epilogue? he may need to work on that.
we all love leeds scum, we all love leeds scum. fucking man u or should i say asia united have the shittest fans in england 
there's an "in soviet russia" joke here somewhere.
that was disgusting.
nice to see nicky back.
they need better something 

http://i.imgur.com/joefl.png 
still not there yet... 

http://i.imgur.com/rjzpr.png
one would probably find it wise to check what sort of sub one is posting in before blindly posting.
man...is this not american football...
i'll take the idiot package for 1000 alex.
this has very little to do with football. please find a more appropriate place for your survey. removed.
postpone it? never! that's when you bring on a sub.
looks like it'd be tough to play along the ground. might have to float some crosses in.
pretty worthless article
caulker and walker too. 
is this real? i'd like to know more. 
the goals at my park were half-sunken for a whole month. it was like a pitch made for jesus.
that guy is a serious talent... i'm not at all going out on a ledge by saying he will be amongst top few players in the world in about, say, two or three years?
marseilles definitely needed to avoid this. i fear for them it's the start of a landslide for psg, and they will walk away with the title...i hope i'm wrong and it's closer than i anticipate.
mata was lights out.  best player in the premier league right now???  he makes a hard case for it...
think suarez and ashley cole could play pretty well there, being  professional divers and that. 


true to footballing form, the players all go to ground clutching their faces, the steward/physio that is stood right over it when it goes off just walks off.
zlatan has ascended into a new form of the human soul
nobel prize for literacy shortlisted
¿getafe has fans? wow
i always heard that kicking someone with cleats can be considered 'assault with a weapon'.  that goalkeeper full on blasts that guy (other team's coach?). 
found the actual image on metro.co.uk: http://img.metro.co.uk//i/pix/2012/10/22/whereswallyatwembleystevieg.jpg
"if it crosses the goal-line an encrypted radio signal is sent to the referee's wristwatch to indicate a goal has been scored."

i reckon.. fireworks instead

no
not a fan of any abuse in sport, especially to the referees. seems like they are blamed for a lot and it's tough to deal with. was a referee for 3 years but not any more. these kinds of heckles just make you dread turning up to officiate games.
[that's it - it's on now bitch](http://i.imgur.com/xhg3k.jpg)

goto 01:17 on the video.
probably gonna cost him a lot in endorsement money
local resident here.

criminal charges are being investigated for some of the players (the goalkeeper stood out in my mind as he takes two cheap shots during the course of the scrum). investigation of the incident (i.e., whether prairie seeds will be disqualified from the state tournament and player suspension) are to be handed down by tomorrow.
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
oh jeez, wrong kind of football
there was barely a wall and goalkeeper with as much prowess as rosie and jim, but it was actually a good free kick despite these.
his celebration was so cute and the goalkeeper was funny as hell!
about time football accessed technology
stahp with the nfl shit.
lol!
get it right up yi. lol
my reaction was pretty similar.

i think we both shared the same reaction at full time too...
they should do most over rated players... and right at the top would be stuart downing..some how playing in the premier league with a price tag of £20m
i caught this on tv when watching the game. gave me a good laugh then and now.
if i remember rightly, he went corner flag side of the goals meaning it was only forrest that backtracked him. he isn't a defender unfortunately.
he definitely is showing some class.
can't disagree with that, however there's an alleged short-fall in the premiership of left-footed midfielders- specifically english ones, which sort of explains the ridiculous prices paid for his barely mediocre talents.
he's obviously taking a leaf out of our andy reids book!
i say it day in, day out - john obi mikel. he's brilliant, pushed out essien. deserves way more credit.
i was going to type a detailed response, but with the exception of noble and osman, most people who do more than read the back page of the tabloids are well aware of the talent of these players and the reasons they haven't gained more mainstream recognition.

on noble, regardless of his solid and consistent performances, getting relegated, and (god forbid) staying to play in the championship, is unfortunately almost a death warrant for your call-up chances. if he'd done a scott parker and jumped ship, it might have been a different story.

as for osman, yes, he's extremely underrated, however very much a victim of the changing international game and his "in-between generations" age.
awesome.  
kids that age can be pretty intense. i used to get super heated during games back in high school. occasionally lost my shit, but never threw punches.
wrong: assou-ekotto's is one of the *best* premier league haircuts.
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
pretty remarkable
arjen, say it ain't so! he's still got game, just worried about injuries creeping up
how did that guy make it out alive?
in the premier league if that's what you want you have: arsenal, fulham, chelsea, qpr, tottenham spurs and west ham. so it's up to you and i would suggest watching a few games of each on tv and then narrowing it down to a couple, watch them live and then decide. also the stadium closest to you is a factor you might consider. the style of play should also be big on your list whether you like it or not. personally i prefer arsenal to that bunch but it's up to you.
up the superhoops! in all seriousness, mein2d's comment is right on point.  just watch a few matches and determine the style of play you enjoy the most, or choose based on the particular area you're living in. 
i think that if you decide to support tottenham in full display of a roommate that is already an arsenal fan, you might have a bad time. 

edit:  mobile reddit decided to put this comment here instead of where i wanted it to go.  
his attitude towards the game is indifference. aside from all the injuries, i think the main reason he wants to retire is because he doesn't care of the game anymore. he's always unhappy and always ready quit. great player but there's nothing else to do once you're not interested. 
do you want to go to games? it's easier to go to arsenal games than spurs games, but the atmosphere is the best in london at spurs.

i wouldn't go chelsea or west ham due to the nature of their.

fulham are the cheapest and are very nice. qpr have a really intense stadium, with the fans practically on the pitch, which is brilliant, but it isn't cheap and they aren't doing so well at the moment - although this will change soon.
jesus, this is newsworthy? you're really spamming your blog at the moment aren't you?
fulham. theyre the switzerland of the premier league. they literally have a neutral zone in their stadium. if you tell anyone your a fulham fan they'll never get angry or anything they'll just be like, meh. 

im a life-long chelsea fan, and since i cant afford a chelsea season ticket, me and my spurs and chelsea fan friends decided to buy fulham season tickets for super cheap. its a little more expensive now, but still much cheaper than most premier league prices. if you do go to craven cottage though, sit in the hammersmith end.
damm
what about next to a rugby football player (someone from the all blacks)? or an aussie rules football player? 

i'd love to see that kind of comparison. each sport has its own specialised players, but to see a comparison between all of them would be really interesting imo.

also, i'm sure that putting someone like [younes kaboul](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/younès_kaboul) next to an american football player would make the difference seem less exaggerated. 
crystal palace. [the heartbeat of south london.](http://i.imgur.com/rfbah.jpg)

i can't promise we'll win anything, but you will never regret stepping on the rollercoaster, because once you do you'll be hooked. the lows are painful but it only makes the [highs all the more incredible.](http://youtu.be/-qe9zutahmw?hd=1)

we also bring through amazing young talent like victor moses and currently we have wilf zaha on our books, [he is the absolute real deal!](http://youtu.be/amwwd6hdnz8) our chairman said we wouldn't let him go for less than 20m.

football is so much more fun when you experience the whole spectrum of emotions associated with it, rather than just expecting to win all the time.
thats oxadale chamberlain hes a kid really....
full contact sportsmen are bigger than no contact sportsmen?

edit: whaaaa??ttt!!!???
american football players also vary a lot in size depending on their position. a running back could be as small as 5'6" 180 lbs. while most centers are about 6'4" 350 lbs.
i'm aware of this, my friend is a running back for the american football team for his university and he's actually 5'6" (funny you should use that size as an example) 

but then comparing oxlade-chamberlain, a player with the need to run fast for a quick incisive play, with a large american football player who's purpose is not to run over long distances is a strange 1. 
i'm excited to see squads like brazil and argentina in meaningful games up close.
rugby players are wide, but no necessarily tall... but they are big, big boys...

afl players are tall, and big, but with no fat, or excess bulk... there's been a trend in afl for the last 5-10 years for players to slim down, and get even faster, but make no mistake, they are huge... jimmy herd, one of essendon's best ever players, was often criticised for being too small, but i've seen him a few times at the local beach, and he's taller than me (i'm 187 - 6'1), and with big shoulders... someone like adam goodes, who is big, but not outlandishly so, his skill is what sets him apart, is about 6'4 or about an inch or more taller than kaboul... ruckmen can be two metres...
i do this all the time..
hate to say it, but mata has been among the epl's best this year, and he didn't even get the call for the last wc qualifying matches.

not necessarily to start, but shouldve been among reserves.
football is not no contact.
barry sanders and emmitt smith were both around 5'8" and 200 lbs. basically every other person on the top 25 rushing list for the nfl is exactly 5'10" 210 lbs.

edit: also, the rb from the university i went to, jeff demps, is only 5'8". he ran in the olympic 4x100m and won a silver medal. there are plenty of american football players with world-class speed. 
i didn't need that to feel old.  my knee is still hurting from last friday's indoor footy game.  that makes me feel old.
a comparison with romelu lukaku would probably be better.

ox-cha would probably also trash that guy over any sort of sprint or endurance race.
so would any of the smaller guys on american football team.  it's not much of a statement to say that the smaller thinner guy a better runner.
i know. i was pointing out the rather odd comparison.
"the ox" looks like a calf next to him. and the american football player has hands that look like legs 
i spy an arsenal player. is that podolski?
the spanish believe that la liga &gt; the epl. they have way too much talent to choose from.
pointless to not give mata a chance. he may no be among their starters but he and fabregas are the future of spanish football. i also agree that the spanish value la liga more then the epl. 
i think he may have been rested for the last wc qualifying matches. they weren't going to start him, and he played both the euros and olympics (and then right into the epl season, pretty much), and cazorla and the new betis man could both back up the usual talent. rdm even came out and said mata needed a rest (only to play him in every game since bar 1). i think it was just an informal agreement to rest him.

i predict he'll return to the spanish senior squad next time around in his back-up position. he should do a scholes and retire early, though. would help chelsea.
he looks fat
first thing he has to learn: the difference between a photo camera and a television camera http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=becwfakk4ey#t=0m16s

hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
hello

your post has been deleted from /r/football. 

/r/football is a football (soccer) subreddit and not an american football (nfl) subreddit.

you can submit your link to /r/nfl which is the board to discuss nfl. hope this helped, please feel free to post any soccer related content on this subreddit if you wish. 

have a good day!
would be pretty cool for whatever teams have a designated player spot.

he also says that ronaldino might want to go to mls too.
trindon holliday, who was a kick return specialist and a part time running back and wideout is 5"5 170, lsu recruited him from their track team
i remember that little bastard. they used to standup the line on snaps so you couldn't see which direction he was going.
it's much more talent overload than home bias. spain has no problem playing silva and torres who play in the epl. it's just that del bosque really likes playing 4-3-3 with two mcds (busquets and xabi alonso). that means there's only one place for a more offensive midfielder which has obviously gone to xavi. that pushes iniesta to the left wing, taking up mata's position in the starting squad.
judging by your history, you're spamming for rantsports.com, right? 

if you're going to do that, you should at least post in the right subreddit. this is a football subreddit, not an american football subreddit.
hero. 
wait so is able to play again?
if you look at someone like [richie gray](http://www.scotlandrugbyteam.org/content/view/311/86/) for example, he is both wide *and* tall! big big lad. 
yeah but it depends on the roommate, and his passion.
he looks in awe of ibra!
i was wondering the same myself.
most american football players are over 6 foot. you even got guys like calvin johnson who are 6'5 and can run as fast as ox, maybe even as fast as theo, not sure what his 40 yard dash time is. dez bryant is another one if you care to google. you've got ridiculously athletic qb's like 6'5 240ish pound cam newton who can run around the same speed as ox. i guess the point im trying to make is... physically american football athletes are more impressive than footballers, since the need for immense technique isnt really required outside of the quarterback position. 
too bad they wouldn't be able to succeed in the epl, even though they can manage some wins vs the epl's best clubs. look at arsenal, they're the epl ajax, and they're barely holding on to top 4.
this, and there's not a chance that he would start mata over iniesta given the choice.
this doesn't take into consideration the amount of money spent on developing and maintaining a youth system at the scale ajax has...which involves accommodations, training, coaches, scouting, you name it.  still a good point though and i doubt all that would factor to ~200 million.
be part of [the register](http://marrow.org/home.aspx)! it's easy, fast and free.

{ please upvote }

yes. the recovery is usually fast and less painful.
lol.
i did this years ago with tottenham.... told them i'd won the champions league with them on champ man....

i got a letter back saying they we're considering my application and would let me know! i still have the letter... hehe.

they then appointed jaques santini.... the fools. 
i'm sure they didn't know what they were passing up.

...no, really.
what a goon!
unless we're talking about mr biscuits, i don't believe this
wow, most useless comment ever on reddit.com. congrats. anyho, a judge has already ruled that the driver made the whole thing up and that montoya wasn't even sitting in the front seat. but lets not let facts stand in the way... at least it wasn't busquets (mr biscuits ha ha ha, i'm so fucking funny)
everyone knows you only take seriously the guys who were able to do it in fm, not fifa.
yea, clearly it's not true and i was joking (barca fan)
but the fact that you would get so wound up about it makes it 100 more hilarious! lighten up, you muppet!
the only muppet here is you. post in a dead forum? try to ridicule commentators? muppet right there!
rooney makes #4 and no falcao. seems legit..
i understood maybe 65% of this. 
he was a great owner for many years, but right now he needs to sell the team
this shows that stupid ignorant football commentators are not restricted to r/soccer, instead are all over the internet. 

and to include messi in this list? everyone knows that alex sanchez are way better than him at barca.
he first needs to recognize a telescopic zoom lense.
cesar played amazingly today. as a gooner, i'm glad we pulled it off. the man still has it though.
as an everton fan i can remember how skillful he was. shame he was part owned at that time or we would have signed him.
td's and beer
definitely felt sorry for cesar today, the guy is on a different level than the rest of the team.


 lucky them. 


i watched the whole game today. can confirm. 
that explains why the timbers army was chanting "fuck you wondolowski" today. it went well with the tune. :)
close enough.
suarez is a cunt.
more like manu the worst team in history of epl with respect to the spirit of fair play. its no coincidence that we see such things happen week after week in matches only played by manu....
seeing evans come out and say "yeah i made contact with him but it was still a dive and he deserved to be red carded". scumbag.
i was going to say the same thing. that was one of the douchiest displays of sportsmanship i've ever seen. 
[are you sure?](http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;biw=1276&amp;bih=706&amp;tbs=imgo:1&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=dnlytuzosi75wm:&amp;imgrefurl=http://washingtonpremiersoccer.com/forum/index.php%3ftopic%3d21076.0&amp;docid=rdg1d173dugz-m&amp;imgurl=http://www.corazonblanco.com/media/galeria/44/1/1/3/3/o_real_madrid_cristiano_ronaldo-4433311.jpg&amp;w=600&amp;h=850&amp;ei=i3ynukgrb8aqywg4m4ciag&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=176&amp;vpy=85&amp;dur=1268&amp;hovh=267&amp;hovw=189&amp;tx=136&amp;ty=112&amp;sig=116832631113325701703&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=139&amp;tbnw=100&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=24&amp;ved=1t:429,r:0,s:0,i:71)
as a chelsea fan, i can confirm this.
fucking son of a bitch! hope he gets aids from getting bummed by david gill.
i agree. i hate him!
i wasn't thinking about the word football. i put this here on accident. meant for american football.
it's cool easy mistake to make :)

btw i kinda liked the jerseys too
suarez will forever be a terrible example of a sportsman in my eyes, the world cup quarter finals in 2010 summarise exactly why i hate him.

more the fact he'd blatantly cheated, yet he was somehow allowed to watch on from the sidelines when the penalty was missed, he should have been in the teams dressing room.
everyone forget about tom henning ovrebo?
they won didn't they? if it's the world cup i'd do anything to win too, except maybe dive. 
great news.
i haven't seen a dive like that since rivaldo, world cup 2002. 
i cheered for chelsea (not my team, my father in law's team, and i hate man u), but it really looked like torres dived to me. that in no way excused the incredibly shitty reffing. just my opinion. 
for me it wasn't so much the fact he did it; as you say, any of us would've done the same. it was his completely graceless reaction to the penalty miss, and then to his team's win. this is the issue with suarez every single time he gets involved in something - he shows absolutely no contrition and instead generally manages to find the most offensive response possible. 
this is hilarious, especially 

&gt;122' -- enjoying this match more than any other he's witnessed since leaving porto, andre villas-boas attempts to record it. but he's unable to figure out how and refuses to use an old, reliable vhs system he inherited so he prank calls roman abramovich again instead.

and 

&gt;141' -- chicharito builds a home inside chelsea's goal with a water bed and a fireplace and crown molding. he only emerges to score against them. and sometimes to buy candies and suger-free coke.
i think they should just take a step forward when it comes to technology. make the conversations  between the ref and the players public like what the americans are doing with their sports. it rids the game of all this drama and trash talk. drama might be a good thing but not at this extent.
in all fairness, video replays should be allowed so that referees and linesmen can make better decisions. in the chelsea vs mu game, it's impossible to see where tiny chicharito is when he's behind petr cech.
102' -- fernando torres' match rating improves after being sent off 

this is real a lot of times
i hoping it would escalate quickly...
goal line technology is a great step. but it doesn't solve things like offside calls or other controversies.
thats gotta be an indication that football is growing here in the us. 
i lol'd. torres' "dive" was sort of a dive? seriously could not believe he got his second yellow for it when the defender made clear contact with his leg. 
mikel could easily have been booked earlier in the match, he should count himself lucky he wasn't on the end of a second yellow...

chelsea need to get over yesterday's result because that's what it is - a result. no amount of bitching or whining is gonna change it.

look at how ferguson handled a dodgy penalty awarded to chelsea a couple of years ago: http://youtu.be/8jqctwz8gte angry but by the end of the interview, he's looking to the future and talking about the next match - as it should be...
can we at least book him for taking his shirt off though?
circle the wagons.
every cat i ever own from now on will be known as kitier katba.
i think he has topline speed but his size will hurt him. while he has never been hurt he is very small in stature what do you guys think he will do in the nfl?
great news for canadian footy fans, we are going to get even more games than we get under the current deal with sportsnet.

we will get about 1/2 the games between tsn, tsn2, and their online services.  
him and ganz will be milan's greatest
ummm, is that a bad thing?  stoke, as much as i dislike them, play well with what they have to work with, no?
lol... i would throw one at spurs fans too!  kidding.... well, not really.
that's all they need to do is let referees look at the fucking replays.

is this really the type of world we live in? where the outcome of an event is determined on one man, with one chance of seeing something? this is bullshit. it's like the middle ages.

tackle made, the replay should be shown. ball might be over, check replays.

the referee should be nothing more than someone who delivers instructions. the real judge are experts who can clearly see every event from every possible angle, and then give instructions. the ref is mainly there to give instructions and to stop fights.

i don't care if anyone disagrees or agrees with me. downvote or upvote, do whatever you want. i don't want controversy in football. i want a fair game, and it's complete and utter bullshit how an entire game is based on a single man's view, with no help even possible, besides his linesmen. ridiculous. 

you don't need technology. we just need to let the ref see the fucking replays, or let people behind the scenes who can see everything decide outcomes. 
yet another hit to city, as he had just returned from his olympic injuries.
it's so sad to see tonnes of facebook posts bombarding referees for a bad decision. an impossible decision. few people realise that referees and linesmen don't have the aid of some magically superimposed offside line that follows the last defender.
if only we had stats for games. oh wait - everton had 54% of the possession. 100 vs 63 passes in the final third.
absolutely disgusted with raheem starlings dive in that video
say it ain't so..
[link](http://www.fifa.com/ballondor/media/newsid=1798663/index.html) to fifa site with the official list, since the article in the op failed to provide it.
not necessarily, but we don't play like stoke. gerrard is a tool and the stats  


 |everton|liverpool
:-:|:-:|:-:
possession|56.2%|43.8%
passes|400|314
passing accuracy|78.5%|76.8%
proportion of long passes|13.8%|14.6%

don't back up his assertions.
so is fox soccer going away then? it's currently how i watch games in the us
says the guy who can do nothing but hoof the ball forward.
england captains aren't renowned for their intellect.
replays will slow the game and take away from its free flow goal line refs and sensors are the only thing soccer needs replays don't belong in football

i do not believe we should allow reviewing of decisions into the beautiful game. as both a player, a referee and a fan i understand where people come from on whatever side they belong. to me football is a sport, just like any other. players make mistakes, referees make mistakes. its part of the game, part of the passion. the lack of reviews keeps the game flowing. unlike sports such as american football where the game stops and starts, football is relatively free flowing. (it may be hard for some, but the better players are able to keep playing, even if they feel they have been wronged.) you review a decision and it would take minutes, cause once you review it, you have to make sure you get it right.

 a few question that would have to be answered relating to a potential review system would be; who makes the final decision? when does the review happen? (immediately, i.e referee stops game and asks for it? next stoppage?) where does this time come from? what happens on the field? an interesting situation to ponder, referee makes incorrect decision (plays on, i.e no free kick). goal is scored. could be minutes later. review happens. free kick awarded? should the goal stand? does time get added back on?. 

to me the answers lies within the aars. they assist the referee to no end and help him/her to make the correct decisions without disrupting the flow of the game. [video from uefa about their use can be found here.](http://www.uefa.com/uefa/footballfirst/matchorganisation/refereeing/news/newsid=1880799.html)

i am with out a doubt up for any discussion on the matter (mind i do feel quite strongly on the matter, but i do believe everyone has an opinion)
so many american arsenal fans.
this is ridiculous. you are a hipster trying to hold yourself to a higher standard than everyone else. a true fan would see that and appreciate the growth that it shows the sport has had and hopefully will continue to have. am i a bad person because i cannot attend a game regularly? 

get over yourself
yeahhh nah.

i don't trust tav and fergie holding up defensively in the pl, do like shane going forward. and the league back four as a whole is better, aside from willo who i can't for the life of me figure out why he's starting over saylor.

we just haven't found the right balance in the attacking third yet, i do like the shola and ba combo we've got now over our europe set up, a lot more.
you, link submission bot. bugger off. i'm sick of downvoting your submissions. i don't know why you're doing this, and if you're getting paid for it you don't do a very good job of it. get a hobby, find jesus, marry a pretty woman/handsome man. anything but this. you're wasting your life.
unfortunate for them, very fortunate for me.  coyg!
shows how much you know about reddit.
reddit is created primarily through sub-reddits.

if there is a crap sub-reddit (e.g. /r/soccer) then i would go to another one in hope of it being better.

i don't have to leave the site.


and at no point did i say that i wanted to speak to like-minded people. i want to talk to civil, intelligent people who know what they're talking about (in this case about football) - but i very much doubt i can achieve this by talking to you.
what pisses me off is people who will throw out their ill-informed opinions without knowing anything about football. people who will make the "i wanted a quiet place to work so i went to the emirates on match-day" jokes, but don't know anything about atmosphere in a football match.  

i appreciate the growth of football, but what pisses me off to no end is the growth of people who assume that following football means that they can support whichever team is winning the most matches at that time, and then making comments on the games without ever having played football, or thinking that they can claim glory for their victory.

like i said, the comments on pretty much every thread that get up-voted are almost always a cirlcejerk towards the sub-reddit. it is truly unbelievable.
i can't believe he made it out of stamford bridge with all his apendages.
thank you!!
i think fifa is run by an idiot too.... aka sepp blatter. 
i'd say it's a case of the pot calling the kettle black, but i'd get tagged as racist.
all sports agents need to shut the f**k up.
then it won't, because messi will (and should) win. zlatan is overrated.
http://thatfootyblog.wordpress.com/2014/05/31/world-cup-2014-group-d-preview/
in la liga i'm a barceloja fan but i enjoy watching villareal and sevilla games, they play a nice form of football. 

i'm ligue 1 marseille should be interesting next season with bielsa 

in serie a, roma and juventus play great football, and napoli deserves a shout. 
surprise
and i wasn't aware it was spelled likeable in other places :d
real sociedad are a good team who play very attractive football.
borussia dortmund. they have been playing superbly for the past few seasons, and even though they sell their top players, they still hold a champion's league spot every year. the fans are fantastic, the atmosphere in home matches are ecstatic, and the team just keeps getting better and better, with or without injuries. i'm a manchester united supporter, but you can say i'm a bvb fan as well.
januzaj? courtois? sterling? ter-stegen? jese? no nominations, really?
the class of '92 says it all, but right now, i'd say southampton. arsenal produced quite a few talents as well. people say west ham is the best, but not recently.
he's ripping it up in mls
that can't be good.
brisbane roar

we win lots too though.
check out ajax, they're always developing young talent while trouncing other teams in the dutch league
when was the last time argentina lost to a country that is not in south america?
last world cup, 4-0 to germany was the last official match played against a good team. between then and now they've only played 1 good non-sa team which was italy in a friendly that played a mixture of non-starting players while argentina played its full roster. they also lost against poland. 

if you're going to mention the 4-1 win against spain in a friendly, it was right after they won the wc and portugal beat them 5-0 too so you can't consider them to be a better team.
you forgot the last time they played germany.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2wdrrwv7q0
good shout, still, proves nothing other than that they're a good team which they are, not that they're likely to win a wc.
what i am saying is that they are hard to beat in europe and they are even harder to beat in south america. anyway it will be a good wc and i can't wait to see the giants go toe to toe!
outside of sunderland i root for psg and zenit
the title of the article is completely misleading.

all the fixing seems to have involved pre-world cup friendlies. how does that cast a shadow over the world cup itself?

is the temporal proximity to the world cup relevant at all?
australia imo...
interested in ajax, do they play attractive football? or just win
in the 2010-11 season,javier hernandez was the main striker and wayne rooney was playing behind him which was the case also in the 2011 champions league final.

sorry for the typo,it should have said 2009-10,but you should have realised that.
"italy are a country renowned for **they’re** fantastic achievements"

i stopped reading here.
like every season, i'm sorry but he needs to stop talking and prove it.
he did go out and spend on ozil.
borussia dortmund play the best football, have the best supporters, the best financial model.

but why exactly are you looking for a new club?
yeah, you'd expect to develop players well too. but their activity in the market has been quite extra-ordinary. was quite shocked they managed to sign ramirez, lovren, wanyama &amp; oslvado. would never have thought they could do that.
as a german i'm happy to dare to say: they're gonna suck :d
no rooney, beckham or ferdinand?
after the loss to aston villa and the fans rioting.
because i really only watch arsenal atm, want to be watching more than one game a week, dont really want to watch another premier league team, dont mistake me for a glory fan, just a football fan
throw 30 mil and they will deliver him to your house.
i'm not reading this trash but seriously a friendly? whats the point of risking your career??
best news, seriously i think he got something on prandelli, he's that bad.
you can't be serious.
worst facebook like popup ever. get rid of it.
alright fair enough, but please name someone else who is close to him in terms of goals and assists over a consistent period playing the number 10 role.
can we get a more reliable source than the dm? there's nothing on the bbc sport website so i doubt that he's actually "signed".
juventus win rate is a great stat - 86%! wow! 
olympiakos 64.71% clean sheets this season, the best in europe. wonder if the greeks will park the bus at the world cup also, they could get through their group if so....
i wouldn't replace ronaldo. would you honestly take vidic out? 

edit: the forwards are unquestionable
yes, some great stats in there we think. hope you enjoy them all 
what? only $5m? i would expect the amount to be much, much higher.
i would've picked ferdinand ahead of vidic, but i'm not too bothered with that decision. ronaldo over beckham seems fair, nice to have him on the bench. 

although maybe not as skilful individually, there's a lot to be said for cole and yorke's partnership.
the english boast one of the most entertaining and successful leagues in the world, but can the national team lift the trophy in brazil?
erm, what facebook like pop-up? :/
i think vidic rio is very close, only the tiniest edge to vidic. as a nostalgic person, the cole yorke partnership is very appealing to me but there's no way you can take cantona out or the power that ruud brought to the team
wonder where he is headed next.
fifa strategy.  sweep it under the rug and hope it goes away.
it could happen!
did he really say it? i don't trust quotes on pictures anymore 
surely.
i know it's pretty much out of the table taking cantona and ruud out, but c'mon, rooney not even on the subs?!
that's the (kinda) sad part: they don't play very attractive football. i mean, they rule the dutch league, and i've seem some games, because i got really interesed in their story and etc... but i don't know, i don't think  the're that amusing to see...
save of the season would imply that there was only one highlight. 
have you ever tryed the brazilian league? i'm a santos fan, but the actual team sucks really bad. i would recommend the actual champions, cruzeiro. i think they're a good team to watch, they got talent and tactics...
fifa is killing football.
i can't imagine anyone being okay with going out on a note like that
not so sure about that. the vice-president of fifa has said that he'd support a revote to find a new host for the 2022 world cup if the corruption allegations are proved, and their chief investigator is conducting an inquiry into them- [according to the bbc.](http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/football/27654587)
i don't know that i'd go that far, but they do have serious issues with the game's administration.

i think it's time to clear out the old guard and bring in some reformers to get the job done, and to root out the corruption.
are you disappointed? i hope it was a nice surprise seeing 10. including from some unexpected sources. perreira, amos, as well as lindegaard and de gea.
singular because it's save of the season competition.
http://thatfootyblog.wordpress.com/2014/06/01/world-cup-2014-group-e-preview/
corruption, fixes, betting schemes, money laundering, exploitation of developing countries etc. the truth is that because of corruption football lost credibility almost completely.
both. ajax pioneered total football, so they play a style of football where you'll get a defender bringing up the ball and will coordinate a counterattack, or play around the box, while other players slide in to fill the gap in the backline. they've always got good wingers and strikers. it's a much more fluid game, in my opinion. a lot of stars got their start at ajax: ibra, suarez, sneijder, and van der vaart, which i think speaks volumes about their quality.
the problem with spain is the lack of goal makers. torres and villa scored about 10 goals this season, they are in a really bad shape, and costa is injured so maybe he is not at the best point. and the midfielders, iniesta, xavi, alonso, busquets and silva are not the best one at scoring goals. spain has some really good players but del bosque decide to play with "the old army" they are veterans for sure, but they are not in good shape. xavi made an awful season, busquets and alonso weren't great either, villa and torre played bad, and iniesta was good but not amazing. spain has a lot of young and good players, that made a lot of goals (like llorente and callejon) but we all feel like del bosque tried to play with the same guys as always, but those guys are not the best anymore, that's why we are not favourites this time
germany are the favourites. brazil plays at home, they are not awesome but are ok so they can win too. and the others are nothing great. actually i think this world cup is gonna be one of the worst, all the teams seems to be in a bad shape, be too young or be plainly bad
group a: brazil, croatia

group b: spain, netherlands

group c: colombia, ivory coast

group d: italy, uruguay

group e: france, switzerland

group f: argentina, bosnia herzgovina

group g: germany, portugal

group h: belgium, russia

in the final i predict a repeat of last years confederation cup, spain vs brazil with brazil winning the final.

but of course this is football and anything can happen. im sure there will be some surprises at this years world cup as conditions such as weather take their toll on some nations.
germany is probably the favorite but somehow i can see a team like brazil have an insane run. they are playing in their home nation which always gives a boost of confidence especially because they are all so young. once brazil gets the momentum they will likely go on a nice run. i can also see spain make a nice run at the title. they are super experienced and most of the team have played in massive international games before. i would agree with gersio that this will likely be a bad wc due to a lot of players being banged up. it really sucks that so many teams have key players banged up.
id hope to see falcao fully fit 
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
would be nice. he's missed all season correct?
when he decided to play with argentina, spain was not a strong selection. actually no one would have espected that spain would have won something (i'm from spain and we always made jokes about always being eliminates in quarterfinals). maybe he choose argentine because he is from there, but don't try to make it look like a patriotic act, because at that time everybody thought argentina had much more options of winning a world cup than spain
group g: usa, portugal
spain's roster is insane. either brazil will drop out early or make it to the finals.
he played about the first quarter of it.
my darkhorse is belgium. most likely to win spain.
true but i didnt agree with the exclusion of negredo and llorente in favor of david villa and torres.
i would love to see the usa progress especially with all the prepertion and hard work klinsmann has put into the team, but they face three very tough opponents. i hope im wrong in my prediction and they progress atleast into the round of 16 or more. i really do hope.
that's bold. why'd you leave out germany?
1. i'm working on the idea that everything off the field is gonna ruin their tourney. 

2. it's the last thing anyone expects. 


 group a: brazil, cameroon

 group b: spain, chile

 group c: colombia, ivory coast

 group d: italy, uruguay 

 group e: france, ecuador

 group f: argentina, bosnia &amp; herzegovina

 group g: germany, portugal :(

 group h: belgium, russia


germany takes it against italy in the finals. 
i don't know. they are one of, if not, the most composed teams in the tournament. and with the amount of german-brazilians in brazil, i think we'll be surprised at how much home advantage support they can get. judging from today, i think usa could use two more weeks in training camp to iron out some kinks. i hope you're right though.
yes, it's a bat shit prediction. yes i fully stand behind it. 
solid predictions.. can we still call belgium a darkhorse though? oddsmakers put them as the 5th favorite... (behind only, in order, bra, arg, ger, spa)
i agree with your group b predictions, i cant see the netherlands making it out of the group over chile. 
i just cant see the dutch taking six points agaisnt chile/australia
* group a: brazil, mexico
* group b: spain, netherlands
* group c: colombia, ivory coast
* group d: uruguay, england
* group e: france, switzerland
* group f: argentina, nigeria
* group g: germany, portugal
* group h: belgium, russia

i think we're seeing a trend in international football. players aren't being selected based on their club form, but rather how they fit in and perform for the international team manager. see brazil too, fred had an awful season, but he'll lead the line in arguably their biggest world cup.
it's no more a case of, play your best for your club and represent your country.
now unless you perform exceptionally well in the first season before a big tournament (qualifiers), only then will you get selected, even if you perform poorly but improve next season.
this isnt for all teams, but certain ones. brazil, spain, argentina the obvious.
well i just recently wrote an essay on why qatar should be stripped of host nation status so here's some links i used. hope this helps.

official evaluations reports on bids from the countries published by fifa:


[bid evaluation report: usa](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/tournament/competition/01/33/74/55/b8usae.pdf) pages 39 and 40

[bid evaluation report: qatar](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/tournament/competition/01/33/74/56/b9qate.pdf) pages 33 and 34

[bid evaluation report: korea republic](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/tournament/competition/01/33/74/49/b2_kor_en2.pdf) pages 32 and 33

[bid evaluation report: japan](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/tournament/competition/01/33/74/42/b1jpne.pdf) pages 32 and 33

[bid evaluation report: australia](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/tournament/competition/01/33/74/50/b3ause.pdf) pages 33 and 34

if you're looking for the vote breakdown there is [this table](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2022_fifa_world_cup#host_selection)

and [here](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/world-cup/10704789/qatar-world-cup-2022-investigation-where-are-the-fifa-members-who-decided-to-award-country-world-cup.html) is an article by *the telegraph* that out lies the members of the [fifa executive committee](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifa_executive_committee) and basically gives a quick overview of members linked to scandal type stuff. however i don't know if it is a trustworthy publication so it may not be completely correct 

edit: holy fuck thanks for the gold kind sir!
personally.... i think it's an interesting way to end off the world cup -but i like it
group a: brazil, croatia  
group b: spain, netherlands    
group c: ivory coast, greece  
group d: uruguay, england  
group e: france, switzerland  
group f: argentina, bosnia and herzegovina  
group g: portugal, germany (bias on that one but i think it will be vice versa)  
group h: korea republic, russia
i got very confused before i realised they were taking about the player
8 million just for making it. nice.
semi-finalists prediction. brazil, spain, argentina, germany.
i personally think england will do much better than italy, you might think me bias but england do have a young quality squad when all are playing well 
the senior vice-precident julio grondona (argentina) is quite a character:

grondona caused controversy in 2003 when, in response to a journalist's question about referee standards in argentina, he said: "i do not believe a jew can ever be a referee at this level. it's hard work and, you know, jews don't like hard work." on may 31, 2011, in an interview with german press, when asked about who he voted for to receive the 2018 and 2022 world cup hosting rights grondona said, "yes, i voted for qatar, because a vote for the us would be like a vote for england, and that is not possible [...] but with the english bid i said: let us be brief. if you give back the falkland islands, which belong to us, you will get my vote. they then became sad and left.". grondona later apologized for his attack on england.
i don't feel like it'll be a bad wc despite the missing players. 
i think it'll be awesome, because there's so many almost-great teams, which could make the games very open. it's very hard to predict, and there's some colossal games in the group stages, which should set the tone up nicely. also, brasil!!!

hard to predict, but easy to guess:

a: brasil, hrvatska

b: espana, nederland

c: colombia, cote d'ivoire

d: italia, england

e: france, schweiz

f: argentina, nigeria

g: deutschland, ghana

h: belgium, россия

...

semi-finalists: brasil, espana, deutschland, argentina.

winners: deutschland.

everyone else so far has gone for uruguay, their attack looks amazing on paper but they've been rubbish during qualifying, the defence is terrible, and suarez has just had an operation &amp; might not be fit. i'm sure they're well capable of winning the group, but it's a tough group to call and i'm incredibly biased. also, the latest crop of england youngsters, although untested as a team, are potentially the "least bad" we've had for decades.

i'm also going for 3 african teams, just because. sorry, portugal.

**edit:** formatting.
yeah i've seen reports on him and those comments and they just further trash the image many people have of fifa. there's a lot that needs to change in that organization.
that's a really cool infograph, but i'm skeptical considering all the scores are 0-0 1-0 2-0 etc. like argentina is only putting up 2 against bosnia and herzegovina. but i do like how detailed it is, really nice
here's a [decent video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pybqag2yuxy) of that first press conference. the date shown on the graphic is incorrect at the beginning though.
group a: brazil, croatia

group b: spain, holland

group c: colombia, ivory coast

group d: uruguay, england

group e: switzerland, ecuador

group f: argentina, bosnia + herzegovina

group g: germany, ghana

group h: russia, belgium
most of those are not guaranteed to start. 
reminds me of swansea too, a good history too.
because the arsenal squad is just full of lovely chaps, wilshere being the friendliest. 
a: brazil and croatia

b: spain and netherlands

c: columbia and japan

d: uraguay and italy

e: france and switzerland

f: argentina and nigeria

g: germany and portugal

h: belgium and russia

belgium, japan and chile are teams i think will surprise everyone. try to be patriotic but england have a tough group don't see them getting out
heh, probably not. is belgium the next netherlands re.1970's?
sadly, that is a distinct possibility. three stadiums still aren't finished, and fifa is supposedly is at a defcon5 level because of the poor preparations for the tourney.  
who would bother bidding to host given the state of fifa now?  people knew in the past but now the corruption is so obvious, why waste money bidding?

i'd certainly not want any of the uk federations wasting cash again.  i'm sure a lot of the traditional footballing nations feel the same.
a: brazi,l croatia
b: spain, netherlands
c: japan, mosquito coast
d:england, italy
e: france, switzerland
f: argentina, b&amp;h
g: germany, portugal
h: belgium, russia
winner: spain
this was one of the most amazing things i've ever seen
group a: brazil, croatia

group b: spain, netherlands

group c: colombia, ivory coast

group d: italy, uruguay

group e: france, switzerland

group f: argentina, nigeria

group g: germany, portugal

group h: belgium, russia


---------


i basically have the same set up as most of you. i also think that:


brazil beats netherlands.

spain beats croatia

uruguay beats colombia

italy beats ivory coast

france beats nigeria

argentina beats switzerland

germany beats russia

belgium beats portugal 


---------

**and then:**



brazil beats uruguay

italy beats spain

germany beats france

argentina beats belgium



---------
**and then**



germany beats brazil

argentina beats italy



---------
**and then** *drumroll*



brazil beats italy

germany beats argentina. 



---------

1st: germany

2nd: argentina

3rd: brazil

4th: italy





&gt; the winning team will get a sum of $30 million **rupees** along with trophy.

rupees? thats only $507,248.12 usd.

cant be right.
from what i understand, this is what would happen if every single match plays out exactly as the majority of voters think it will. what are the chances of that happening? is the majority ever right about anything when it comes to these prediction games? some of these groups (the one with colombia, greece, ivory coast and japan in particular) could be complete crapshoots. in others (the brazil and france groups) there are clearcut favorites with a bit of a scrum for second place. in other words, take this with several grains of salt...
the numbers filled out are actually bloomberg sports projections - having simulated every game 100s of 1000s of times (www.bsports.com/world-cup)
oh, well what are those simulations based on then?
meh, the don't say. well still, it looks exactly how it would play out if you just chose the favorites/most likely outcome of each match. cute graphic, but not really worth serious consideration imo
and it has the dollar sign before that and then the table says $35million. the whole thing doesn't add up.
a: brazil-croatia
b: chile-holland
c: japan-colombia
d: italy-uruguay
e: switzerland-ecuador
f: argentina-bosnia
g: ghana-germany
h: belgium-russia
final: belgium-germany, germany wins
chile and ghana will be the surprises, both will get to the semi-finals
brazil will not do well
no idea what he is talking about. as a fellow belgian myself, i enjoyed this article.
lustrous gold for you sir.

i mean, what else do you want it to be, completely random? i like that they they give this as a starting point, and allow you to make your own predictions. i think it'll be interesting to compare their models, my predictions and the final outcomes. 
cheers! glad you enjoyed it.
[this](http://www.goldmansachs.com/our-thinking/outlook/world-cup-and-economics-2014.html) is another take on it from goldman sachs.
why do itay, uruguay and england all have a greater than 60% chance of making it to the round of 16?
montreal, vancouver, toronto fc, seattle, all joined without a need for relegation.
i just thought there was a specific number of team in mls and therefore a team needed to relegate, so a new team could enter.

[**@nycfc**](https://twitter.com/nycfc):
&gt;[2014-06-02 13:53:42 utc](https://twitter.com/nycfc/status/473462464072654849)

&gt;welcome to new york city: david villa ([@guaje7villa](https://twitter.com/guaje7villa)) officially signs as [#nycfc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23nycfc)'s first ever player. [#villatonycfc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23villatonycfc) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bpitmgxciaea2sl.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/s1j02o8.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/2745lb%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

they're fucked if costa also leaves, i hope he stays tbh.
certainly is interesting :)
major sports leagues in the united states is different from most of the world in that there's usually no formal system of relegation and promotion. most minor league teams in baseball, ice hockey, and basketball in the us are actually owned by major league clubs and are treated more like development clubs rather than a club trying to get promoted into the top league.

right now, there are 19 teams in mls, and when nyfc come in to the league, there will be 20. the only way this number will go down is if a team ceases operations.
 del bosque also picked diego costa who's frail lately and might not be fit to play...
what can fuck up italy is if prandelli trusts too much in balotelli and he wastes his chances.
* group a: brazil, mexico
* group b: spain, chile
* group c: colombia, ivory coast
* group d: uruguay, england
* group e: france, switzerland
* group f: argentina, bosnia
* group g: portugal, germany
* group h: belgium, korea

semis: brazil x portugal, spain x argentina, with final likely between the south americans but it really could go any way at this point.
* group a: brazil and camaroon 
* group b:spain and netherlands 
* group c: colombia and cote 
* group d:england and uruguay 
* group e:swiss and ecuador 
* group f:argentina and nigeria 
* group g:germany and ghana 
* group h:belgium and russia

* belgium will probably be the biggest surprise making it to the semifinals.
* italy wont make it out of the group stage having only tied with costa rica.
* i have a hunch that colombia will also make it surprisingly far.
* brazil is going to win vs uruguay in finals.
this is not the football you're looking for. 
 i knew that. that's why i put "relegated" in quotation. but thank of summing it up. i don't really watch and follow mls but it's an interesting league. 
but on the other hand, italy has the worst football fans.
+ antoine griezmann (fr)
mls plans to expand to 24 teams, the fifa recommended limit for number of teams in a top flight league, by 2020.  as of now the us system works a lot different than any other league system in the world. so there will be no teams relegated from mls to make room for expansion clubs.
torn shoulders are the result of whiffing on blocks and extending your arms to recover...get better at football
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/nfl  
the only way fifa can come out of this with any credibility is if they re-open the bidding process for hosting the 2022 world cup and exclude qatar both from bidding and from the next two world cup tournaments.

anything less would be unacceptable.
fifa is one of the most corrupt organizations in the world, accountable to no one, basically. nothing short of a total housecleaning would change things there, &amp; the chances of that happening are close to zero. plus they hate the english press, &amp; will be even more obstinate in the face of pressure coming from england. and so long as the money keeps rolling in there's no incentive to change. only when the sponsors start dropping out will change even become possible. 
argh, my ocd is going crazy with the matching home/away kits. they've done their research, but failed miserably in 90% of the kits.
fulham, the greatest of the hams.
ooh chills
very good shout, there was a longer list. could only pick five unfortunately. just felt he was probably a bit more proven than the others, less of a surprise factor, you know?
i want to watch all of them
ronaldo to be knocked out by belgium? i can't really see that happening.
someone needs to grab hold of fifa rapidly and shake the rotten apples from the tree, not just the ones lashing the bribes either. sepp blatter should have been booted years ago
fuck that i'm gonna be bitter as hell. i thank him for his service to the club but i wish him the worst luck possible if he goes to man city.
i thought belgium seemed too good on this, but their fifa ranking is 12 which surprised me.
this might wreck their credibility and hopefully cause a big shakeup.
why all this hate to croatia? they have a nice team, much better than mexico.

and i don't understand why brazil is favourite over germany. maybe because it's his country but in my opinion germany is much better
oh dear god no gg fifa
epic
because two teams from each group progress? (so sum of chances in each group is 200%)
there's no way germany will give the us an easy game. we'll see how portugal's players are feeling in a month. if they are in top form, they can expect just as good of a match. i find it hard to believe that the us can tie both of these experienced, seasoned teams. 


hopefully he'll be more than just a benchwarmer at city. on the bright side, jenkinson seems very eager to play, and i'm sure wenger will find somebody to fill the gap.
it's beautiful. i got a rush watching it. 
that gave me chills with the images and the knowing the words being said. i'm definitely rooting for chile to do well now
yes, it will be difficult but not impossible. and during the world cup there are always upsets, look at the last world cup when italy didn't make it out of their group
i think that one was disallowed but the intent is there for all to see.  didn't they score another impressive own goal anyway?
a.k.a. hollywood fc
japan's demand just makes sense
crystal palace, for being so broke but playing so well and finishing respectably. also i think athletics bilbao in spain is very admirable as it raises almost all of its players themselves 
even over intertubz you should know in your bones that dingleberry is being sarcastic 
hopefully serge aurier.
brilliant!
shallow speculation trying to pass for stats.
no way!
well this was an absolute shocker! never thought fifa would do this. 
when i watched this i instantly thought to myself "hah. australia"
that is quite damning. why is this not a bigger deal?
yea if you could take the cup from them and give them to us that would be great.
yep, realised this when i woke up this morning. thanks for pointing out the correct answer.
but but but sepp blatter is such a good person...
[r/noshitsherlock](http://www.reddit.com/r/noshitsherlock/)
mix from the us.
he'll have to carry the whole team. because he is it:
http://imgur.com/tfqrzbm



this should be on r/nottheonion
i don't see anything wrong here.
it's completely wrong, i knew i'd get downvoted but it's worth pointing out. but aha your comment did make me laugh, hence the upvote.
you had me until you tried to say 'may' have been rigged.
i don't get the joke?
does nobody in here understand satire?
seo=search engine optimization, maybe he means that the caps can help fool search engines (to appear in the first results) somehow.
oh thats not even search engine optimisation. that works by simply including key words in an article. by including all of the key words associated to or around an issue that makes the search engine show it up higher.
inter supporter here so may be a bit bias but kovacic (croatia) is definitely a player who at 20 has so much talent, probably a bit stiffled this season by mazzarri, and definitely could light up the national team and with a group containing brazil (who will 99% pass) they could likely end up second above mexico and cameroon.
thats exactly what i've been hoping for mate!
and that's why harry is managing qpr rather than chelsea.
http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=5/news=world-cup-predictor-play-now-2343779.html
ghana-uruguay from 4 years ago was pretty controversial.  people lost their minds over suarez's intentional handball  
no, they just only read the headline, not the article.
u mad bro?
someone in another post referred to donovan as a "constant nod back to our own mediocrity." that so far has been my favorite comment on the donovan saga. donovan has been good to american soccer. now let's move on. 
no just some helpful advice. i honestly meant no insult by my comment, i actually really enjoyed the article
http://www.express.co.uk/news/weird/475792/it-s-official-england-have-no-chance-of-winning-the-world-cup
this!
well said. surprising decision given the lack of quality in the side, but yes, let's move on. tbh, the us are set for 2014 failure, and the reason is already ready, the media/fans reason i.e.
because the proof isn't solid enough. could just be a sensational story too.
gah, we have to see him in the pl again don't we.
milner at right back could work out quite well. he's a good enough player but he is perhaps too conservative for an offensive player. if he does well against ecuador i'd be tempted to start him there against italy - i don't rate johnson highly at all.
letting him stay would hardly be a terrible thing...
/r/nottheonion
no, madridistas are much worse (sorry not sorry)
arsenal, hehehe
barkley n sturridge for england. i think these two are going to have a huge wc
[women weaken legs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cobjzf2yzdw)
how that?

italian soccer fans are extremly impolite to other fans, whistle just because the enemy has the ball, know nothing about fair play and have in general the most racists.
there are a couple of issues that come to mind when thinking about a bigger club world cup.

the first one is the logistics of sending that many people to one spot in the world. the various continental champions leagues are not as difficult to move teams, as the farthest the team is going is from one side of the continent to the other. for example: porto to dynamo kyiv or montreal impact to cruz azul. it gets much harder when, quite literally, someone will have to go half-way around the world to play football.

secondly is the disparity between the continent's soccer prowess. are the a-league and mls on the same level as the epl and bundesliga? no. this would create some unbalanced matches, and in turn, players from the stronger teams might get hurt playing in a game that they don't need to play.

third: the prestige just isn't there. the uefa champions league has stronger teams top to bottom then even the current club world cup has. i'm not sure if auckland city is better than anderlecht.

i can see what you are trying to do, but there's a danger that it could turn into a rematch of the previous year's ucl by the semifinals.
haha! 
what about the fans?
wait... with each other?
interesting. this article was written a year ago, yet germany are in a no better situation currently. the injury of gomez was a real blow to the side. i think they will be deploying the false 9 for years.
could be a great idea, may offer more than glen johnson.
brilliant! laughing for days
interesting thumbnail!
despite not being a massive cr7 fan, i must say it will not be the same without him. hope he recovers in time!
what else? 
get one of [these](http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcscvgjc2gtdq4dirqivmzcemwwfwlnldzpk4xtnuvncnowje1wb) to practice juggling. do it all the time. 
constantly touch the ball with both sides of both feet. 

try to find some moves you like and recreate every step about 16.000 times, you'll get the hang of it. 
number 35 though...
i like these ideas, but they're just not competitive enough to guarantee that the tournament gains meaning.

i would suggest, as you suggested, have 4 uefa teams, but only the champions' league and europa league finalists, 4 conmebol teams, both finalists of the libertadores and sudamericana (the latter could be changed so as to be more like the europa league), 2 concacaf and afc teams and 1 ofc and caf team.

however, i would have the champions of the host nation, which would change every year as opposed to every two, and the defending champions of the club world cup.

for a group stage, have the 4 uefa and 4 conmebol teams in their own groups, 1 afc and concacaf team guaranteed in each of the remaining groups, with the other four teams to be drawn among the two unfilled groups. only one team from each group progresses to the semi-finals. one semi-final has to be between the conmebol and uefa group winners, and the other played between the winners of the other two groups.

as for prize money, it should be distributed in a way that does not harm a team's domestic league. for example, if auckland city were to play in the tournament and receive 5 million dollars, they would most likely be able to buy the best players from their league and a few a-league bench warmers, and walk their league and continental competition the following season. i'd suggest around 100k dollars for an ofc team, 500 for caf, 1 million for concacaf and afc, 5 million for conmebol and 7.5 mil for uefa teams.

unfortunately, there is one major downside to a larger club world cup: no-one cares. it's hard to sell tv rights for a competition whose winner is decided in a single group (the uefa group), with only the occasional conmebol club getting to the final. in that event, the european market is lost. if the uefa team progresses, the south american market is lost. despite this, if the uefa and conmebol teams were to play in separate semi-finals the competition would become as dull as it is now, perhaps even more so, and both tv markets would be gone.

although the tournament has potential to be improved, seeing as no-one anywhere in the world really gives a shit, it's never going to take off. it seems the club world cup will never matter.
as a usa fan, i hope he's not at his best because he's going to decimate us...

but, really, all the best to him.
the problem isn't the structure, its that the european teams and the south american teams are leagues above the other teams, there is no point in a competition where the big teams like real madrid and munich will play their 2nd or 3rd team because they can afford to against the likes of auckland city so then you lose viewers because people want to see the best players play. and if they decide they will play those players you again lose viewers because the game will finish 10-0 to madrid or munich and the match will be boring. even the european super cup isn't really cared about because it's only one match and everyone knows that the winner of the champions league is better than the winner of the europa league, one match doesn't change that. the current club world cup is boring because the only competitive leagues are european and south american, and the best teams in the world will always come from those two continents 
well, i agree that it'll be hard to sell europeans on the club world cup because its uefa than everyone else in terms of talent. however, the ga,e is growing. who's to say the afc in 5 years wont field a few great teams. teams in china and saudi arabia are just throwing money around, and if they continue to do so were going to see quality players leave to take money. as for concacaf, liga mx is a good league and i wouldn't be surprised if a mexican team were to eventually compete on an even par with some conmebol teams. also, mls is seeing a rise. sure the salary cap is a killer but the mls offers a very attractive option to players. its no longer a retirement league where 35 year old stars go to retire. there are actual premier league caliber players heading over in between ages 28-32, not to mention an improving youth system, and many of the regions best players. the league has players like jermain defoe, clint dempsey, david villa or michael bradley and could soon see kaka, robinho, lampard, and a slew of american talent coming. not to mention new teams like nycfc backed by man city, miami owned by david beckham, and orlando who are linked with everyone. 

i think that 10 years from now, the parity will be far greater. we will likely see uefa champs 80-90% of the time, however, we will be at a point where certain afc and concacaf teams could become as much as a threat as conmebol which would be a massive success and could make the tourney very interesting.

if not by region, what about by country? take the best team from the top 16 to 24 leagues in the world. you'll see about 8-12 potential champions every time.

this was posted in the summer ibra went to psg: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bppehu6caaio_0d.jpg
i laughed more than socially acceptable.
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/nfl 
&gt;a major star will get injured in training in the weeks before the tournament and everybody will obsess over whether they’ll be fit in time.

[this has already happened with ronaldo] (http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/world-cup-2014/portugal-captain-cristiano-ronaldo-suffering-3643555) 

well... that's one way for the us national team to score during the world cup.
planning ahead for world cup 2038. make sure they're all brazilian, boys!
spot on for the most part but the gif of dempsey at the end was the best part
can i nominate myself as a sex candidate? i'm not in brazil, but maybe they can take me with them?
fuck them. france hasn't been forgiven for henry's handball. 
cr7's kid will be old enough to have already won the world cup for the us by then. 
what about pot? 
uhh...god bless america?
that's a shame because i feel england could use all the hope they can get after watching the "warm up" against ecuador.
leicester city football club, at least in thailand. we have filbert fox. see you in the premiership next season!
if today proved anything it proved milner is dogshit at right back. 
just when i thought clint dempsey was in the clear
http://thatfootyblog.wordpress.com/2014/06/04/world-cup-2014-group-f-preview/
it makes it infinitely less funny if you tell me how hilarious it is before i read the damn thing!
good news for england :d

no, it's the exact same thing that every world cup or euro they aren't going to be good. the only time they got it right was south africa 2010 and they said the same thing was destined to happen at euro 2012, they finished runners up.
here in south america, it was all about falcao. when it was announced he wasn't going, people at latin espn were almost crying (they're based in colombia)
the blog predicted lowe german tactics right. and they truly lack true #9 on the other hand they are comfortable with the false 9 tactics. doing other wise fires back like the semi final against italy in last euro 
but would that be his attacking or his defensive strategy?
yeah man, we're pretty much guaranteed to win it now!
as was i! im american, but i just wanna see good games and good play during the wc. the fact that one of the best strikers in the world seriously effects the entire tournament imo. plus i like falcao alot so i felt terrible for him.
i liked him too, but the seriousness of his injury was well known, so the media expectation these past months felt a little fake to me. 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/uckzm4o__wahfwisuh9berhw

browse through this guys channel he has some pretty useful videos not just on skills but on the psychological aspect of the game.
brought to you by google translate?
and world cup silly season begins
dfgvvhn
this is so good! world class player who is still are ally good player. del piero didn't make me want to go to an a-league game, but villa will.
if he tries he'll score a hattrick each game
on current ability he'll probably be the best player to ever grace that league. i don't think it should be mocked as some people do, for one reason or another he's decided he's not up to playing at the top level any more (perhaps his omission from the national team is a factor in this) and it's great that he can go and play in other parts of the world while he's still a very good player.
“you see how much rotten leadership can cost.”
that comment by zlatan is laughable... guardiola's leadership led to the most successful era in barcelona's (and any footballs teams for that matter) history. its a well known fact that zlatan caused discord in the dressing room and thats why guardiola wanted him out. but it was still a good read to hear the other side of the story.
watch live football streaming. the free live football streaming is rapidly becoming a new rage in the online media and is catching up with lot of football fans. hdlivestreams.net provide you live football streaming online at your pc free of cost.
i went and checked him out a couple of times. he did ok, his legs were gone but his positioning and vision was still very much there to see. played in a shit sydney side. scored every time i saw him. 

a real pity was his team's attitude was give it to del piero he's good. 
i couldn't believe it when i saw he was going to america, then reading this. i really don't think he's in it for the money. he'll do a lot for the game in both countries. i really admire him for doing it.

he could have easily bagged a way better contract at a top european side. especailly with costa leaving he'd nearly be top dog of the defending spanish champions.
&gt;14. the italian team will be described as… you get the idea.  

i didn't get the idea.

looks promising for england as italy put out a strong squad
always had a soft spot for fc st pauli. they seem cool.
duplicate submission, removed.
i would think it would be west ham united.
i don't think you can class belgium as a dark horse anymore. a dark horse is someone who will unexpectedly progress in the tournament ie south korea finishing 4th in the 2002 world cup. you look at their squad and it's a very strong squad. 
and goldman sachs is qualified to make football predictions because ... ?
david villa seems intent on making us all go, "didn't expect that, did you?!" with his career choices lately. it's awesome.
&gt; i really don't think he's in it for the money. 

virtually every footballer at the top level is, surely. it's a career. 
just becuse he won some championships doesn't mean all his decisions were good. 
wtf does guest mean? as in loan? 
i'd say that's a pretty reasonable attitude, if i'm honest.
your submission has been removed. most or all of your submissions are to the same source, please vary your submissions with news stories from other sources.

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
japan 0%? would have them to get out of the group stage.
the first of a few signings for them imo
[**@bbcsport_david**](https://twitter.com/bbcsport_david):
&gt;[2014-06-05 13:05:47 utc](https://twitter.com/bbcsport_david/status/474537568009474048)

&gt;fabregas now open to market &amp;amp; future likely to be sorted in next few weeks. [#afc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23afc) priority striker &amp;amp; right-back + will get back-up goalkeeper

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/27e0oj%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

big win for them to advance to concacaf cl
yeah no kidding, i have more faith in odds put out by paddypower.com.
seems just a matter of time.
it wasn't deserving of a red card anyway.
fifa has a very realistic engine. way more realistic than all these brazil hype-fanboys.
there's nothing wrong for choosing to play in australia. he gets to enjoy a new chapter in his career and the fans get to see a great player. with that i think it will help improve the quality of football.
his name is emre though. great german talent.
their entire business model revolves around making the most accurate predictions possible?
the book is well worth reading , he's a guy that came up the hard way and got to the top 
i never heard that. far from it. the players and rosell wanted to keep him. the whole thing started when messi told pep that it was either messi or zlatan upfront. pep obviously choose messi and the relationship between pep and zlatan broke down. 

pique, xavi, iniesta and others did comments during and after the whole saga saying how much they liked zlatan as a person and footballer. so i doubt that zlatan were a problem in the dressing room. 

if only pep would explain and talk to zlatan it would probably been so much better these days. i'm swedish and adore zlatan as a player but honestly, pep choosing messi instead is not weird at all. messi is younger and were at the time at the beginning of his career. 

there were not space for the two of them upfront, easy as that. someone had to go. pep could've handled it a bit better though. 

what zlatan says in his book is obviously the truth. if it were not pep and hia entourage would sue zlatan and released denials in the press. something pep never done... 

zlatan is not the person who lies to gain fame, money or something either. 
i think you're a little confused.
if the ethics commission actually investigates
/r/football is a subreddit for association football.

for gridiron football try /r/nfl or /r/footballamerica.
the point we tried to make with that was with a sarcastic touch, basically saying they're not darkhorses.
&gt;11. they will end up playing, but will be rubbish.

this please.

not so much the scoring twice thing
http://thatfootyblog.wordpress.com/2014/06/04/world-cup-2014-group-f-preview/
of course it's a career but he could be earning shit loads more in europe and probably still getting champions league. money is a factor but not the main one it would seem.
nycfc have money to throw around. he'll be getting a solid wage, probably the best he could get. atletico don't pay nearly as much as you'd think.
brilliant article, actually cried. wish more people in the uk read it and felt the same as the author (and me!). unfortunately most would say "send him home".
as an iranian that made me overjoyed. a positive outlook on iran from westerners is rare. all i've been associated with is terrorism, suicide bombers and 9-11 (none of which iran has anything to do with).

doo doo do do do doo iran
as a westerner, i don't get the bias we have.   i mean, there's been some pretty appalling things said by the government leaders in iran, but equally asinine and frightening things said by the leaders of my own government (usa).  

but you get past that, and we're almost all the same people, with the same basic needs and interests, and same struggles.  i can't hate a country, not to mention hate a person or people just because of their country.  
why do people say "learnt"? is it the british way? either way, great story.
how do americans say it? i'm genuinely interested. 

oh and obviously as we invented the language we can spell stuff how ever we like 
"learned". just add the 'ed' and make it past tense like with many other words.

kick - kicked; spell - spelled; cook - cooked

another one that people here actually use a lot is "burnt". but i always thought it was "burned". i still say "burned" even after realizing the difference. neither of them got a red line while i was typing this, so i assume americans use both. "learnt" gets the red squiggly though.

i've always been curious, but i just never asked anyone.
haha i was thinking the same thing lol dont see it happening but i can hope lol

brilliant, and very important in todays climate. i'm going to be sharing this across social media, and hopefully it will open some peoples' eyes a bit.
send him home to solihull?
political power play, they'll be back to their usual sub-standard service before the wc begins
those who want to get rich go to the middle east, such as roberto carlos, raúl, currently maradona is 'coaching' there... the saudis could certainly pay more than nyc, even china has been luring some players by offering big bucks.

those who want to continue playing competitive football usually go to greece or turkey or even uzbekistan, where they might show up at ucl with a filler team.

villa certainly could've done either, but he probably made a decision based on lifestyle, like beckham or henry before him; i mean, nyc is a pretty cool fuckin' place to live comfortably, raise a family, etc (especially when you have plenty of money and free time).
i want to buy the jersey but i'm finding it difficult. 
keita is a good player but it's 34 years old ... mah http://www.calciotel.it/calciatori/10349/keita%20seydou

well thats harsh
hello.....di maria? 
did they have one for 2010? how did they fare?
got anymore of these? stats on european teams - germany / france / holland mainly? thanks 
for any greeks in here, nerit has it for free and hd
only in america!
in fairness he's right. jurgen should definitely be in brazil by now sure!
i'm not sure you can watch nos (dutch public broadcaster) matches from abroad. but if not, you can always install hola unblocker and set it to the netherlands for the [nos site](http://www.nos.nl/wk2014). it is also a great source of information about oranje if you speak dutch.

i watched the giro through the flemish sporza.be (with hola unblocker set to belgium) because nos didn't broadcast it.
part 1 - http://vimeo.com/97497995
part 2 - http://vimeo.com/97498026
woah, im surprised atdhe is still going! 
i'm not sure if they'll be doing it again, but in 2010, cbc had free live streaming of every match, as well as free on-demand replays of every match.  quite a blessing for those times when there were two matches playing concurrently, or if i had to work through a match.
present - past - past-participle 

learn - learned -learnt 
i'd give a shout for oxlade-chamberlain and walcott being 2 of the friendliest players in the league. although i love wilshere, he'd be a cunt to me if he played for another team
looks like they're [streaming all the matches.](http://www.cbc.ca/toronto/community/mt/2014/05/2014-fifa-world-cup.html)

&gt;our website cbc.ca/fifaworldcup has match schedules, news and videos. it's where you'll find streaming of all fifa world cup matches online.

this is the first world cup i've watched outside the uk (was meant to go to it in 2010, but that fell through at the last moment unfortunately) so i'm rather pleased by cbc's coverage. i'm actually quite surprised that it's so comprehensive and on a free-to-air broadcaster, given the relatively minor status of football in canada and the national team not qualifying for the tournament. large ex-pat viewing audience perhaps?

will there be any breaks during the action for commercials? i know that might seem like a silly question, but i see it happen frequently during their hockey coverage. i don't think i've watched any football matches on cbc before; i tend to watch them (in the pub) on the dedicated sports channels and i've noticed there aren't any commercial breaks other than at half-time. that's the same as how the sport is broadcast in the uk, but i wondered if it might be because they were basically using a feed from sky sports and changing the commentary.
i can't disagree and agree more. while all those countries had a century to develop their style, we've had since 94. and sure there are the douchey fans that act like it's a highbrow thing, but in the us, it's kinda a sport the upper middle class okay. 

he comes off sounding much more a snob anyways. yeah we call them pks because we learned it that way. how can he call us imitators and unoriginal, then say oh you can't call it that. 

for fuck's sake we're finally getting some real fandom and he's criticizing it. maybe he's bitter because they only tied us. but being an england fan he probably feels he has to bring us down with his own feelings about his team.

and alot more people are chelsea and united fans than arsenal.
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
no.  they will not break during play.  that would be insane.
totally agree, unfortunately it didn't go too well but that may be down to the defense never having played together before. also agree about johnson, he is good going forward but a very very average defender and for me a right back so be a defender over all else.
bbc and itv all up in this shit
i think this is a really thought-provoking article for fans in the us. specifically, i often find myself having a bit of a dilemma about what vocabulary to use. i grew up playing club soccer and watching the epl as avidly as possible, so i consider myself pretty knowledgeable about the game. the times i've been in england and elsewhere in europe, other fans at bars and whatnot seem mildly impressed that some yank from south carolina can hold his own talking about football. the dilemma comes in with what verbage to use. in the us i usually just use "american" terms, but abroad i feel like it's a lose lose. if i use the "correct" terminology (boots, shirts, the pitch, football, fullback, etc.) i feel like the sort of pretender described by the author, but if i use the "american" terms (cleats, jerseys, the field, soccer, outside back...) i'm made to feel like a lower class of fan. is there a correct way to go?
what does it matter which terms are used anyways?  in my own experiences, which terms you use in america really is influenced by which league you watch; if you're into mls, you tend to use american terms, and if you're into premier league, you tend to use english terms.

at any rate, i really wonder if this is just a poor attempt at being subtlety sarcastic.  there are parts where the author seems like he's making an attempt at satire but i think he takes the subtlety a little too far.
ard/zdf will stream all games on their terrible sites. 
i mean in other languages people use different terminology, it's just the way the world works. germany calls it soccer too, maybe people feel they should call it football or futbol because that's what most people call it, so what. yeah a few times i was like oh he's just taking a piss or trolling us. but it's totally contradictory. it definitely got my blood boiling about basically americans are too excited because they aren't that good shit. just inconceivable. 
do bbc and itv have coverage for all the games? (here in britain)
id never be able to understand why barcelona would want to sell him
not available in italy. does anybody know a good proxy?
also if you have an xbox one i believe they are streaming free as well
now thats a proper world cup song.
pretty sure they were banned half way through the last world cup?
scathing rebuttal. 
http://www.newrepublic.com/article/118028/why-american-soccer-fans-steals-football-customs-europe
meaningless match.........

and here's a video of the incident http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgcsyyxqxf0
what a load of shit. the only thing i agree with is wearing scarves on hot days. that's a bit silly and i find it strange. i own a scarf, but i only really wear it when i go to stamford bridge and it's cold. here in the states though i do see a lot of fans go to the local soccer bar with them for some strange reason. 
as for the highbrow bullshit, i don't see that at all. i guess in new york hipster circles it's sort of a thing but here in sf i just see average joes talking about soccer amiably with anyone who'll listen and with no air of superiority about them. soccer is growing in the us. more and more people are discovering the beauty of the beautiful sport and i see nothing wrong with preaching it. what an asshole.
i would say go with whatever you feel like saying man. fuck any asshole who judges you for saying boots instead of cleats or vice versa. in england they might "take the piss" as they like to say, but in the end it's all in good fun. you don't get an englishman making fun of you without lighthearted intentions. if they want a fight it's always pretty obvious and in no way friendly banter. all this 'pretender' or 'poseur' bullshit is down to people being judgmental pricks, and i don't think as a true soccer fan you should ever worry about it. it shouldn't concern us, we just want to watch a game and enjoy it; talk about it with fellow fans. anyone who resorts to calling you out on being american or "not a true fan" or a "pretender" is just someone who probably feels insecure about their own soccer chops and know-how. anyone who starts of a sentence with "well as an *english* football fan i think...." is someone about to say something ignorant because they feel threatened. fuck them, they don't know what they're talking about. 

edit: look at it this way: if you are in another country to watch a team you admire who's the bigger fan? the guy who paid for a transatlantic flight, hotel room, match tickets and had to take some days of work, or the guy who lives by the stadium and claims to love his club more than you. anyone making claims like that doesn't understand what being a fan is. sure they have been to more live games, but if they were a true fan they'd be a friend to anyone in the kit as long they aren't being an asshole.
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
is this only for the united states or anywhere in the world?
the really surprising thing is that he seems to think that every single club in europe independently had the idea for branded scarves at the same time. clearly none of them would be as low brow as borrowing a good idea from another club.
for any aussies here sbs will be streaming all world cup matches live aswell

http://theworldgame.sbs.com.au/article/2014/05/16/brazil-coming-live-and-exclusive
thanks. as i said, after watching hockey for most of this past season- which is a fast moving all-action sport- i noticed it happened all the time, so i wasn't sure if they'd do something similar when there was a free kick or something like that.
i've said this repeatedly, but it's worth saying again- i reckon gerd muller must be one of the most under-appreciated footballers in history. whether he was the prettiest or most flamboyant player of the era is irrelevant, his record speaks for itself- and no more emphatically than in this match.
post removed- english language submissions only please, as per the rules.
wolcome to brazewl
rojadirecta.es
when the hockey game cuts to commercials, you're not missing hockey.  if soccer cut away, you would definitely be missing bits of the game.  they used to do picture-in-picture style advertising during the world cup, but even that pissed people off too much, and it was quickly scrapped.
link on rumors of cancellation is about last year's confederations cup. 
smart, was just wondering how things were. you've put some of my fears at ease.

sometimes they do fuck up with the hockey though.
[i'll just leave this here.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/tottenham-hotspur/10411146/italian-football-hooligans-jailed-for-unprovoked-attack-on-tottenham-hotspur-fans-in-rome.html)
yeah and the example of a tourist bystander being killed is from 2006. very poor journalism.
i think anyone who was ever going to know about ronaldo in america already knows about renaldo.  he's not exactly a house hold name, but if you follow football here or anywhere else in the world you're very very aware of who renaldo is.
all of them. anything can happen in football.
spain and brazil 
except for the privately built minas gerais stadium, nothing, i mean nothing is ready. to give an idea:

-itaquerao has lost 5,000 seats due to miscalculations; it won't be approved by firemen/security authorities at least until monday (aka 48 hours before the initial game);

-porto alegre stadium has not passed the security test on friday (no emergency lights); another inspection will happen sunday;

-brasilia airport is full of leaks after a rainstorm and surrounded by mud; likewise the brasilia stadium (no leaks but mud all around; it has also been found that it is infested w/ dengue fever carrying mosquitoes);

-bosnian players went into the field to train this afternoon and... no markings on the grass. they had to wait half an hour;

-a massive subway strike's underway in sp (subway is pretty much the only way to reach itaquerao);

this is the lula-dilma style world cup.
can't say fairer than that. only team that went through the last world cup unbeaten was new zealand.

other than that, i reckon germany (can never write the germans off) argentina and netherlands. no surprises there, but personally i'd love to see mexico perform on the world stage.
brazil has by no means a great team. in fact, it seems to me sluggish and predictable as well as fairweather: it plays well against weak teams.

spain and germany are the best teams on this particularly world cup, followed by argentina. italy is just as good as brazil. uruguay can also defeat brazil. also, what kingsworth said.

basically, germany can defeat spain. germany, spain, argentina, italy and uruguay can defeat brazil.

edit: netherlands of course can defeat brazil (again) as well.

germany has a chance, germany always has a chance. not the netherlands, though, we're lucky if we get past chile, to be honest.
but you beat brazil 4 years ago
i love mitchell&amp;webb, i'm a fan of this bot.
that was a, in my opinion, less bad squad, though still unreasonably lucky.
missing this badly http://worldcup2014predictor.com/
germany. they have at least as good a chance as spain or brazil 
germany and argentina are pretty much it...
is that an app or a website?
can't agree more about brazil. yeah they have a lot of talent but they aren't a great team. talent will win them games, but not a world cup.
the nigerian witch doctor strikes again!
i've been using livescore for years it's not a world cup app it's just the best app for live football scores, no need for anything else.
cant see it
anyone else feeling nervous about argentina's last friendly today? 
they lost two players to injury in the last one, maybe the big ones should sit this one out. 

i hear demichelis will be coming back though. 
i thought it was going to be an article about football, not about who looks good in a pair of y-fronts. i feel so used. 

is this how the wimmins feel?
probably better off asking this in the liverpool fc board.
talent will win them games..which will most likely win them the cup.
they used this same squad to win spain with a convincing 3-1 in the confed cup finals few months ago

everyone. switzerland won spain last world cup and the 2010 spain team is debateably better than the current one (in terms of form) cos at the time, people counldn't cope with tiki-taka.

now they're plays way easier to read
lionel messi
fotmob is far better than any of that crap listed. trash article. 
the mls is very far behind ligue 1 in terms of players. a man who wins titles in the most prestigious league in france whilst earning thousands and going far in the champions league is not going to consider the mls until he gets to about 40.
nice skills
argentina.
balotelli's agent brings out the best in ballotelli. kaching until the next transfer comes about.
no.
it's technically a website but can be saved to your phone as a web app, which is essentially like a bookmark. it looks and feels the same as an app, just without the complications.
maybe  you should look at some content from the sub you are posting to before submitting.
any other year i would have agreed with this list; this time, however, we have a sucky team and are facing the host (who are legendary), ghana (who always go far in the cups) and croatia (whose current team i know little about, but are no small name).

this cup we qualified by luck against all odds, unless we remain lucky we won't even pass the group stage. 
wrong sub. this is association football, not american.
by finally scoring some goals?
why would a to class player choose not to play in ucl? instead of manutd wasting their time they should focus on reasonable players.
only a few teams would actually pay his wages though...
i think brazil will bring light to how disgusting both the brazilian government's and fifa corruption is in nature and practice.  the one glimmer of hope i see is that people care way more about their football than their politics and some people might actually open their eyes and see how this type of corruption happens all over the capitalist globe and hopefully the love for the beautiful game will open people's eyes and get them to pay attention and speak up.  

you can love the game and not want it to be used as a trojan horse to usher in neoliberalism and capitalism, pay attention to how private profit is reaped from public investment.  it is obvious in brazil and with almost every major league sporting venue/stadium in the usa.  wake up and speak up!
it's such a disappointment he isn't there. he could have been the player that propelled germany to the final. huge loss. they can still compete, but for the player, such a huge disappointment.
there is no way mexico is going to 'surprise' people. they're going to be a big disappointment. might sneak a draw against cameroon but certain to lose to brazil &amp; croatia.
be careful with your choice of words. in an ideal transfer list, why wouldn't you hope to rope in absolutely anybody in the world?

'realistic' would have been a better choice of words.
the officials from qatar and fifa will keep denying this allegations. the documentation has been brought forth by bin hammam and that is just the beginning.

not sure who the world police is, but soon there will be more notices brought up. 

hopefully the 2022 world cup isnt in qatar...not only for thid but for the poor working conditions a majority of workers are enduring.

time will tell.
dude! ... fight it out at fifa-madness... http://fifa-madness.com
so many important players have picked up injuries leading into this world cup in particular, such a shame!
only 1.7million? thats like 5 minutes of no work to earn that for them
i really hope this fraudulent episode is dealt with properly and a proper host is determined. even to the most casual fan, qatar didn't make any sense. the treatment of their laborers alone deny's them the right to host this amazing tournament.
submission removed. no idea what the correct link is supposed to be, but i'm guessing it's not the one that has been submitted.
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/cfb
good chance one of those apps paid for being listed on there.
belgium needs to be on this list too
urgh. you might want to read the content. the start atleast.
i was thinking the same thing. but algeria, really should not be on this list. 
seriously. read the article. it has explained why belgium isn't on there. it has explained why colombia isn't on there. it has explained what a dark-horse is. read!
money is destroying the game. this is disgracefully greedy conduct, the players should be honoured to play in the wc instead they are refusing to go if they don't get paid a little extra. fucking pathetic.
not sure why you got downvoted as this true (though russia also hosting shows dubious ethics on fifa's part) - even if bribing is a way of life in the uae  it like treating cheap labourers kindly and paying a worldly wage are ethics the hosts should be striving for anyway......
belgium, switzerland and perhaps mexico. 
i read it. not impressed. 
hey man, can you help me with something? i just saw [this](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/worldcup/qatar-2022-fifa-partner-sony-call-on-governing-body-to-investigate-world-cup-corruption-claims-9507725.html) and wanted to launch a twitter protest about it with a hashtag - i have some ideas but i wanted to see that essay and maybe collaborate on something to really move the needle on this.
fellaini, hazard, januzaj, dembele, kompany, chadli, van buyten, courtois / mignolet.

they have a brilliant team. most of their players are in the top leagues of the respective countries they play in. i would expect belgium to do well so they are clearly not a dark horse.
why do you think it shouldn't be on that list?
don't think it was meant to impress you. it was meant to explain the term "dark-horse" which belgium clearly aren't. everyone is expecting them to do well. if they don't get past the group, it's a huge disappointment in everyone's eyes. how is that a dark-horse?!
damn right.
that's exactly why they're on the list. because people dont expect them to do well. they write them off straight away like you just did. that's what a dark horse is. a team that people dont expect to win but might be able to surprise people
you could argue the list is missing chile. qualified 3rd in what many argue is one of the hardest qualification setups. qualified only 2 points behind 3rd and only 4 points behind top spot argentina. solid players like sánchez, isla, vidal, etc make it a very decent/dangerous team that a lot of people are overlooking. it's too bad they are in a very hard group. 
people, please: stop saying that belgium is a dark horse, it only makes you come off as idiots.
let's be honest here, it would have to be a really good case to take the word cup away and leave qatar with half built infrastructure to pay for. i'm not for the tournament in qatar by any means, but let's put a reasonable lens on. qatar will not go down without a big, ugly fight.
[full *sunday mirror* account of this ~~news~~ story.](http://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/ashley-cole-quizzed-cops-over-3660603)

&gt;dozens of stunned revellers witnessed the ­incident – with one saying it resembled a “saloon bar brawl”.

over-privileged rich people splashing each other with champagne is not the first image that springs to mind when i think of a bar fight.
all these teams have good players and are good sides for sure and it's nice to see them highlighted and will be interesting to see how far they can go. france despite the poor past performances i still see as a huge nation with tonnes of talent that shouldn't really be on the same list. i also think there's a number of other teams that could make that list that although they are a decent site with some strong players they aren't hyped up at all, i'm quite interested in croatia.  
totally agree with you!
this! this!!
exactly! it's shocking how hard people are finding it to understand the term dark-horse?

how anyone can call belgium a dark-horse is beyond me.
i'm getting a malware warning form the site. edit: not sure why  someone would down vote this- it's fair warning
yes, agreed.
not enough "noise" is being made about this (their human rights violations for their labourers). this country should not be allowed to host the world cup and if it comes to that in 2022 i hope major sponsors and countries start boycotting them. 
&gt;top leagues, in top teams, in key positions. 

ftfy 
30 million for a 31 year old seems rather extreme, even for city.
yes. i know the premiership starts in mid august. last year it was august 16th i believe. not sure about ligue 1
this is how football is now.
it's actually quiet a bargain compared to the 60 mil for luiz.
for anyone interested, my brother purchased 4 tickets for iran vs. bosnia-herzegovina in the world cup.  the match is in salvador but after some poor logistics planning we will not be able to make it.  so if anyone is interested in purchasing them from us please send me a private message.
well david luiz is younger and a much more versatile player than pepe. plus he is a lot more marketable than pepe as well. also, psg grossly overpaid for him. so i dont think it's fair to compare both of those transfers.
all the revenue from having zlatan fuckin ibrahimovic would be more than enough to make whatever club he plays for able to pay his wages.
what anti-virus are you using? does this happen to other sites too, that dont have malware?
belgium... why not? 
the football league (championship and below) kicks off a week earlier which might be a better match for your dates. always a great atmosphere on the first day of the season wherever you end up - just pick the nearest game to where you are!
sophos.
in the uk clubs up and down the country will be playing friendly matches between one another and against a few european teams, then during august the various leagues will start. 
germany.
algeria they are 1500-1  
that falls into the "fuck it it's only a pound" category
best i can suggest is to watch how the teams get into position when being attacked. also try picking out one or two players to concentrate on and see how they fit together. a coach will put his style on the team but they are individual players and that is what makes it interesting. after watching a few games at the top level you will notice that it is as if players can read each others minds, but it is down to the training ground. tv is not a good medium to watch because often you will not see what is happening out of the picture. here is a good example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vob7pcqbh-y stick with it, it is a great game.
 
actually really like salisbury and the ground, have been a few times but i just hope this won't ruin the club, very limited in terms of attracting players.
australia... why not :)
damn it. third/fourth different sophos case we've heard. only a problem with that.
i couldn't access any of your pages. it was a malware block also, not just a blocked site. i can access fine from my ipad. if you want i'll pm you the malware report later
yeah, would really appreciate that. thanks a lot. not quite sure what to do about this.
is the fifa streaming going to be a paid service? 
sorry
sponsors have the money to make fifa take notice
seemed inevitable
looks like it's probably free, but not available in all countries (e.g. the uk)

http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/preliminarydraw/video/live/information.html
i thought he could do better than mls
i guess you're right, at these values psg overpaid ~40m for david luiz whereas city would be overpaying only ~30m for pepe

:)
inverting the pyramid, by jonathan wilson.  a great read, with a great historical overview of tactics and how/why they developed.
agreed! i think chile is likely to make to make it through to the next round, leaving either spain or netherlands behind (most likely the latter)... too bad that would match them against brazil.
you can use services like unotelly to watch world cup 2014 in your country free https://worldcup.unotelly.com
the start of domestic leagues is likely to be pushed back this year so players can get some rest after the world cup (sorry, op)
depends on the broadcaster. in canada, cbc are streaming everything for free. 
one of us is in the wrong place.  i'm pretty sure it's you.
why is he more versatile? they both play in central defense and midfield, and yeah he is older but he is better, and 60 million for luiz is a joke.
i don't know why but i guess people are convinced that luiz is better for some reason. mourinho and di matteo disagree.
no worries, it happens.
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/nfl 
basically, alex ferguson said that lots of corporate and rich people go to watch big football matches because it is a "cool" thing to do. he characterised them as eating prawn sandwiches rather than watching and enjoying the game. there's nothing against prawn sandwiches, just the quote he used.
what exactly do you want us to change your view to?
irony
oh good i've been looking for a reason to hate city
&gt; basically, roy keane said that lots of corporate and rich people go to watch big football matches because it is a "cool" thing to do. he characterised them as eating prawn sandwiches rather than watching and enjoying the game. there's nothing against prawn sandwiches, just the quote he used.

ftfy.

eta:[http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/champions_league/1014868.stm](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/champions_league/1014868.stm)
welp, close enough! i got the gist haha
i still don't understand #seflive for spain.  explanation?
thanks! i'll check it out.
neither.
i am utterly convinced that nothing that comes out of mourinho's mouth is serious. he's fucking with everyone all the time saying whatever he likes, watching people &amp; journalists lose their shit, over-analyze it, call it mind-games. when in fact mou doesn't care one bit, its all just a joke to him.
we know he doesn't discriminate, their money is just as good as the next mans. 

it's a fucking joke having it there. the fact this fucking clown has then even tried to say it should be moved to winter because it's too hot stinks. 

this guy is a dinosaur that the modern game has left behind a long time ago and wields too much power. racist my arse. 
every single time i read about this fucking buffoon i want to stab him in the eye, ruining the game
translation: "but they already gave me the money!  i've already spent it!"
a thousand fucking workers have died already and the best this knob can do is utter "but dats wayssist. whaa." dinosaurs of his line of thinking should go extinct. 
doesn't everyone know they should be more tolerant of the intolerant and corrupt?
i think prawn sandwiches are fine, but they're sort of associated with middle class fans who see watching a match as a day out rather than being die-hard fans.

it could also be something to do with a [famous gaffe made in 1991 by gerald ratner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerald_ratner#the_speech) that wiped £500 million from his company's value.

incidentally, when it comes to pies, you might be interested in [this blog](http://thepiepundit.wordpress.com/) which rates the pies from different grounds to see where to get the best value for money.

anyway, i'd keep bringing the prawn sandwiches. there's probably fewer issues involved in taking those to a match these days than bananas.
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
section 2. [**the speech**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerald_ratner#the_speech) of article  [**gerald ratner**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerald%20ratner): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;although widely regarded as "tacky",  the shops and their wares were nevertheless extremely popular with the public, until ratner made a speech at the [institute of directors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/institute_of_directors) on 23 april 1991.  during the speech, he commented:

&gt;he compounded this by going on to remark that some of the earrings were "cheaper than an [m&amp;s](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marks_and_spencer) prawn sandwich but probably wouldn't last as long." ratner's comments have become textbook examples of the folly of making fun of, and showing contempt to, customers. in the furore that ensued, customers exacted their revenge by staying away from ratner shops. after the speech, the value of the ratner group plummeted by around £500 million, which very nearly resulted in the firm's collapse.  ratner resigned in november 1992 and the group changed its name to [signet group](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/signet_group) in september 1993.

&gt;today, ratner's speech is still famous in the corporate world as an example of the value of branding and image over quality. such gaffes are now sometimes called "doing a ratner",  and ratner himself has acquired the [sobriquet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sobriquet) "the sultan of bling".  ratner has said in his defence that his remarks were not meant to be taken seriously.


&gt;

---

^interesting: [^gerald ^ratner ^athletics ^center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerald_ratner_athletics_center) ^| [^university ^of ^chicago](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_chicago) ^| [^ratner's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ratner%27s) ^| [^gerald ^online](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerald_online) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+ci3lxa1) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+ci3lxa1)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
curious what this investigation uncovers, also if he is working with anyone else internationally.

regardless, im sure fifa will blow off his report as false/incorrect (somehow).
william hill. i'm not a regular better, just for the world cup and stuff but they gave me two free £10 bets and the odds for that bet were way higher than the others.
man city? really? name one good player that city made in the past 10-15 years. made, not bought.
courtois is, and maybe sterling and januzaj. ter-stegen and jese are not going to brazil, my bad.
barton, sturridge, wright-phillips, johnson, the other wright-phillips, ireland, richards, schmeichel, boyata, whelan, guidetti

there's 11 for you.
i'm removing this because it's self-promotion and therefore spam advertising.

if you would like to make a post of this nature- and your username suggests you might- then i strongly recommend messaging the mods first and making sure that's ok.
and so is every other club. difference is that those clubs can offer them european football beyond the premiership.
i admire the humour in this.

personally i suspect the winner will come from the usual suspects.

argentina look like a good bet and england will have another excuse as to how they were cheated out of it.
exactly, i was wondering what the point of this really was...
so should i create another username to ask this question, i mean as it is the only thing that would be considered self promotion? (i was careful not to mention our game, didn't even think of the username, it is just what i use on facebook, twitter etc. so just used it here as well)
no, just go ahead and ask. we get, as you might imagine, a lot of users spamming things here and using the same account names as their sites, so that's what tends to get removed.

once you message the mods and explain what you're doing it should be fine- regardless of username.
here are some best [online streaming websites] (http://www.thegeekyglobe.com/online-streaming-websites-for-the-fifa-worldcup-2014.html)
this guy really is the definition of a cunt 
well if it's racist, a simple handshake should be able to sort it out, according to blatter.
blatter finally acknowledges the existence of racism, but in a situation that has nothing to do with racism whatsoever.
zing
he'll never be able to ruin the game... just the world cup. nothing will be worse than south africa imo.
:(
according to the news this morning he's talking about trying to stay on for a further four years too! 

obviously he just loves collecting brown envelopes stuffed with cash to consider stepping down any time soon.
why are portugal listed as a dark horse?
because if they were a band, they'd be called "cristiano ronaldo + the others"
i'd dump colombia and russia out of the "dark horses" and into "no hope"... but then it's getting pretty crowded
oh man, him and modric would make a great duo!
couple of obvious misses there (le tissier for one) but my teams in
sepp has become a caricature of himself.
&gt;apart from having no places to play football, daytime temperatures unsuitable for vigorous physical activity, a national side that has never qualified for the world cup, and a population the size of brisbane, i thought qatar’s bid was pretty faultless. 

it is *such* a shame that racist skinhead soccer thugs are saying that they got the world cup 2022 as a result of corruption^1.

^1  i'm taking the piss.  every fucker knows that blatter was bribed to hand it over to a roasting desert shithole where fans will be unable to enjoy a pint and will probably be charged £10 for a bottle of water.  and where thousands will die^2 to build the stadiums as they get paid (**when** they get paid) £0.50 per hour and they only get water if they buy it at £10 a bottle.

^2 blatter, this makes you a murderer, b.t.w.
i didn't realize "corruption" was a race.
is it good because 5 minutes is way too much of my day for a mediocre commercial
ghana and the us are giants?...








lol wut?
i think it's actually really profound, see he is secretly referring to the racism that qataris feel for their imported slave-workers.
it was a toss-up for who to pick alongside bobby moore at cb. 
i didn't pick sol campbell because he is black.
&gt;the players will receive around €8,800 euros more than originally offered.

good work if you can get it, but not as much as some world cup teams get.

they are better off than the north koreans -- i'm amazed that *that* team actually emerges from the changing rooms!  i also have reason to believe that they will have a new coach in 2014.  because the old one died in camp 22, near yodok.
north korea -- i'm amazed that *that* team actually emerges intact from the changing rooms! i also have reason to believe that they will have a new coach in 2014^1.  why?  because the old one has died in camp 22, near yodok on the border between the d.p.r.k. &amp; the p.r.c.

^1 he was the dude who communicated with kim il song on "an invisible mobile cellular phone".  full marks for comedy effort...
gotta agree with the great rivaldo. man i miss seeing him play. anyway, brazil can't be the favorites.. though talented, their game changers are very young. i think argentina and germany are the favorites and then spain. 
not enough strength in depth to be considered serious contenders.
colombia has a fantastic team... they were the furst south american team to qualify
like the world cup this comes up every four years
but accordingly to blatter racism can be solved by a handshake, so we just need to get the investigator to shake the qatari delegates hands and problem solved
one of our rules here is english language posts only, so yours are being removed.

you might like to get in touch with /u/fedeformica as he works for a site that specialises in italian football and that is always looking for new writers.

/r/italy might be a better place for your submissions, as that appears to be the main italian language sub on reddit- /r/italia appears to be totally dead.

hope this is of some help to you.
they are in terms of the continents they represent- particularly the us. not so sure about ghana as nigeria and cote d'ivoire might have something to say about that.
no falcao and no brazil to compete against during qualification. 
i remember algeria making history at the 1982 world cup in spain- before [west germany and austria stitched them up!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_germany_v_austria_%281982%29)

that was the most boring football match i've ever watched.
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
 [**west germany v austria (1982)**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west%20germany%20v%20austria%20%281982%29): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;__west germany versus austria__ was a [1982 fifa world cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_fifa_world_cup) game played at the [el molinón stadium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_molin%c3%b3n), [gijón](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gij%c3%b3n), [spain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spain), on 25 june 1982.

&gt;in german, it is known as __nichtangriffspakt von gijón__ (lit. *non-aggression pact of gijón*)  or __schande von gijón__ (lit. *disgrace of gijón*), while in algeria it is known as the [anschluss](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anschluss). 

&gt;the match was the last game of the first-round [group 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_fifa_world_cup#group_2), with [algeria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algeria_national_football_team) and [chile](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chile_national_football_team) having played the day before. with the outcome of that match already decided, a win by one or two goals for west germany would result in both them and [austria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria_national_football_team) qualifying at the expense of algeria, which had beaten west germany in the first game. after 10 minutes, west germany took the lead. thereafter, neither team scored, and few scoring chances were created. onlookers noted that both teams played as though they were content with the result, giving the impression of them having an [unspoken agreement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gentlemen%27s_agreement) to play for a 1–0 german win.

&gt;

---

^interesting: [^west ^germany ^1–0 ^austria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_germany_1%e2%80%930_austria) ^| [^germany ^national ^football ^team](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany_national_football_team) ^| [^germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany) ^| [^inner ^german ^border](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inner_german_border) ^| [^helmut ^kohl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helmut_kohl) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+ci3xeg3) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+ci3xeg3)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
oh "defining."

my bad, when i saw ronaldo's name i automatically assumed it said "diving."
yeah, problem is that this sub is about association football, not the gridiron version.

you would be better off posting this to /r/nfl 
why do you say that? i thought south africa put on a decent cup. although there was alot of crap that happened like their fifa courts.
you need to add a link to the video. including text with your submission turns it into a text-only "self" post and strips the link.

you can edit the text to add the link or post it in a reply to your comment.

that's not our rule, that's just how reddit works- it doesn't allow submitted links to have text pinned to the top of the page.

i've removed the submission for now, let me know if you edit it to include the link and i'll re-approve it.
there confidence is sky high, excellent chemistry, plenty of talented players, acclimated to the weather, they might surprise some people
we've reuploaded it as a link rather than text - is that okay?
yeah, that should be fine, although it's not showing up as having been submitted. perhaps it's not come through yet. it's usually instant, but sometimes the servers seem to get overloaded.
today i learned that louis van gaal is going to buy the german nationalteam
this disgusting human being's reputation plunges every time he opens his mouth.

forget that the undoubtedly corrupt organisation which he heads awarded russia, a country still plagued with social rights issues such as racism and homophobia, a country where football players are often the subject of monkey chants and thrown bananas, the world cup due to precede qatar.

forget that all of the criticisms of qatar as hosts involve issues such as climate, insufficient infrastructure, a complete lack of footballing culture and identity, and disregard for the lives of workers (most of which aren't even native to qatar and are deliberately sourced from poor countries to fill disgusting and dangerous jobs).

forget that the world cup scheduled to kick off in just under a week is in brazil, an extremely racially diverse nation, and the last world cup was held in south africa which we can say the same about, and yet not a peep about racism was made then.

forget the mounting evidence pointing to corruption and outspoken voices of senior fifa officials and other respected voices in world football.

forget all of that, the reason we want the world cup to be taken away from qatar is because we hate brown people. gotcha, sepp.
still love football.
runners up euro 2004, knocked out by germany in the quarter finals in euro 2008. knocked out by spain in euro 2012.

world cup 2006, knocked out in semi-final by france and world cup 2010 knocked out by spain in the last 16.

so in every euro and world cup 2004 they have always got out the group and only been knocked out by either the winner or finalist.
i don't think this is to far off, i mean zlatan and family would probably love to at least live some time in the us.

the question is when, and if any club would pay.
don't think that's the point. i doubt anyone will stop loving football after watching the video...fortunately! 
consider me one of those people who would be surprised if your analysis is correct. buena suerte contra grecia, costa de marfil, y japon!
because there arent enough already.
problem is that's likely to continue to be the case. they'll beat everyone then meet germany or italy or spain or brazil or argentina- who are the real contenders for any international competition.

don't get me wrong, portugal has a very good team but i don't see it winning the world cup this year. same applies to belgium and netherlands.
yes they are unlikely to win the world cup but they are far from dark horse. a dark horse is someone you wouldn't really back to get out of the group stage or if they do to get knocked out by any top ten team.
i meant that even if the management is lacking i still love football. 
i suppose it depends on your definition of "dark horse." for me it's someone unlikely to win the tournament but who stands an outside chance of doing so.

the real "dark horses" in that diagram- imo- are portugal, belgium,  chile and colombia- maybe also ivory coast (with ghana seem to be the best of the african teams but have an easier draw) and possibly russia (nothing much expected of them outside of russia, but well capable of pulling off a surprise.)
exactly - love football, hate fifa. it's the true football-fan way :)
i haven't seen any others - what are they?

well, the official fifa app is one.
john oliver didn't become american when he came to the united states. john oliver didn't become american when he married an american (and a veteran, no less). john oliver became an american when he started to say soccer.


i'm so proud i could shed a tear.
the battle for asu's no.3 has been passed down from current nfl safety, omar bolden to sun devil senior damarious randall. randall is looking to do bolden proud.

"i hope you will enjoy the games, the country and the child prostitution as much as i did."
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/cfb
soccer is an english word and we say it plenty over here.
"soccer" was a word invented by an english student as a play on "assoc", which itself is short for "association football". it was as widespread a term for the sport in the uk as "football" until just a few decades ago, and is still used quite a bit. and just to make it clear that this isn't an american thing at all really, the nickname for the australian national football team is the "socceroos". the only reason it's used so exclusively in the states is because "rugby football" came over first and gained popularity in the northeast, with the american rules of that game becoming referred to as "football".

i get the feeling this is going to need a lot of saying in the coming weeks...
http://recombu.com/digital/news/world-cup-2014-tv-channel-schedule-kick-off-times_m13204.html
http://nos.nl/wk2014/gemist/

i don't know if this is accessible in all countries, but at least for the dutch is gives the opportunity to watch finished games without spoilers. click on 'zonder uitslag' to watch a game with spoiler prevention. 
if it is said often, most of the internet has been lying to me then.
thank you very much for taking your time to post that. i googled this without result earlier.
record it? 
some morons get all defensive about it, little realising that the term 'soccer' originated in england and it's still very much a commonplace word over here.  what you have to understand is that here 'soccer' is just an informal word, not the proper name we call the sport, but it's still acceptable. just to give you an example, every saturday afternoon during the football season sky sports news runs 'soccer saturday' which features several pundits covering the day's football. nobody complains about that having 'soccer' in the name.
i'll be out of state starting on wednesday, i am a groomsman. i don't have a dvr any way.
ah, i wasn't aware. thanks for the taking the time to explain.
i think espn will have it on the website. if not, use hola unblocker to get access to the bbc or itv website and they should have replays of the whole game.
espn will have all matches available for replay on watchespn (they just introduced chromecast support!) or if you're a comcast subscriber they'll probably have them on demand like they did last time round
not sure where you're located, but in the us, espn will have every match on watch espn (which now has chromecast support!) or if you're a comcast subscriber they'll likely have all on demand like they did 4 years ago
europe. portugal have a similar service. you can rewatch and save programs but i live in france atm.
ouch for been in dutch as i dont speak but thanks 
ok, i'm really sorry!
i'm quite new in this website. i will folloy your suggestions.
sorry again.

diego
[this guy has a potential answer you might be able to use. i've never used hola but it's worth a shot]
(http://www.reddit.com/r/football/comments/27ti1e/watch_a_world_cup_game_after_it_airs/ci48tbk)
its long past time
so.... time began in 1950?
this subreddit is for association football.

for college gridiron football, try /r/cfb or /r/footballamerica.
this reddit is for association football... 

for gridiron try /r/cfb or /r/footballamerica.
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/nfl 
not necessarily true. with the salary cap structure in the mls, it would be hard to pay his wages.
designated players aren't subject to the salary cap. that's the only way these big stars come to mls. for example, both michael bradley and jermain defoe make upwards of $6 million a year. 
agreed. even portugal has chances whereas brazil team is very young.
exactly, the article made me think that zlatan could possibly make a mls move. clubs that could do that would probably be new expansion teams like beckham's miami team or new york fc (manchester city).

 
maybe the new expansion teams could like new york fc or miami.

zlatan is crazy!! haha, i think he would be those players that wouldn't want to retire.
with my friends we wanted to have a nice friendly competition (no money involved) about the football worldcup by predicting the results. i though this might interest other groups of friends so i coded a website just for that in 3 days.

nothing ground breaking but i like the suscription system "doodle" style with just links, no personal infos...
tell me what you think !
awesome!
i see, thanks for informing me. will do this from now.
was the first time ive ever watch football with no sound. it was horrendous. thank god if you bring a vuvuzela to an pl match, you'll get it inserted into you.
what?
he's got that x-factor which could be massive for us. a great super-sub, but i don't think he would be reliable as a starter.
who do you think will advance from this group?
sounds to me as if they think football will become to popular.
yah that sucked. i think i've just blanked that sounds from my memories. now they're all flooding back, ugh. berrrrrrrnnnnnn
i'm an everton fan and i agree. he's going to be much better utilized coming off the bench when opposition defenders are feeling a bit leggy. give him 30 minutes each match and he could have a huge impact.
o2 priority?
"public house" haha. really though i'd rather we play the young players, chamberlin, barkley, sterling than the "old guard" and have a go as realisticly we should be aiming for the euros in 2016 where those players will have come on and other players coem through.
10 places left. first come first served.
well vidal had surgery about a month ago, and right now there's a huge debate in our country about whether the coach should risk him against spain or holland or not. 

i'm of the opinion that he should not play, cause the injury was serious, and if he gets hurt again it may affect his whole career. 

also, every chilean has done the math that no matter what we do, we have to face brazil in the next round, and there's absolutely no way we can beat them. 
compared to other sports, football players play a lot less and in less strenuous conditions. 

i cannot agree that playing too much is having this effect 
the best thing about this website is that uruguay are written as "urugay" :d
argentina as a better squad that portugal, well this was made by someone that understands a lot of football, or should i say a lot of reading the most paid or most famous players and decinding which ones are the better -.-'
he has spend all that dirty money so, my guess is drugs ofc

edit: typo
very useful. and if you are on android device you can add your favourite team(s) on google now and get a reminder 
too cool !
anyone else get an error message trying to add the calendar?
at least you found something you liked :)
i corrected it though. ^^
i had to look up the source for the webpage to get the full url for the calendar and then add https:// to get it to work. the full url is https://www.google.com/calendar/feeds/vdmtdcektajkqjk51vvda4ni4k%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic
shove it up uranus sepp. 
why couldn't i pick tom finney? why was emile heskey selected more times than geoff hurst for this? this is terrible!
you are wrong, they play like 60+ games a season
let's play less football so we can play more football 
was this article wrote by a spastic?
awesome app!
where's ross barkley?
*racism
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
sunderland had no chance under paolo di canio, claims anyone who knows anything about paolo di canio's managerial ability.
after handing the world cup to qatar, blatter clearly thinks this is the next step.

i'd disagree. first we have to hold it underwater. then on really big planes. then on another planet, and then in hell, which is where blatter deserves to go if he thought this speech was a good idea.
corrected, many thanks!
i think an arctic world cup follows a desert world cup, then progress to underwater etc. if he stays in control long enough he will end up suggesting something mad like this
every one try this out
we've got russia 2018 though. does that count?

either way, he could kill two birds with one stone by holding the underwater world cup underneath the north pole.
and... he will disappoint as always.
japan
i have a sneaking suspicion money had something to do with that but as that's now considered a racist thing to say i'm sure russia was the best choice. 
i do think an underwater world cup would bring lots of interesting new challeneges though! definitely worth a watch!
and most players are playing hard for full 90 minute matches, they don't stop every 2 minutes like the "other sports" he mentioned.
how can he leave if he's got a lot to hide ?
honestly, i don't believe he will disappoint at all? would you mind explaining why? i always love to hear different viewpoints on his performances.
he always underperformed with argentina and i don't expect this to change in wc, maybe i will be wrong but we will soon see.
zing!
could you not account his last under performances to the fact that maradona was the manager at the time? and the team still made it to the semi finals if i'm not wrong. and they finally gave him a team that can work around his abilities? i don't know, i just feel like it's not entirely all his fault.
wasn't this same joke made in euro 2012 and the last world cup?
it's not just about wc2010, he always underperformed compared to his performance with barca.
any idea how to get this to show up on my htc, using stock calendar which will display google calendar events but doesn't give an option to select 'other calendars'. i think i could add each game one by one but that seems like more effort than it would be worth.
i guess that makes sense, though i can't say he's under performed he hasn't been as consistent. 
unfortunately i am an iphone guy and don't know much about andriods. sorry and good luck!
clive, have you been the anal gimp of a german businessman again?
i hear the moon is going to bid on a future world cup, they're just waiting for the dogecoins to arrive so they can bribe people.
huehuehuehue
i don't see why this is so fucked up. humanity must colonize other planets if they are to survive in the future...so this isn't such a fucked up idea to think about. and he's only 'wondering' not trying to implement it already.

i don't really know the context though. was he avoiding the real issues and trying to change topic or something?
i can see that far far in the future we may live on other planets and we may play football between them but right now fifa is being dogged by claims of corruption and he completely avoided that so yeah it was all a really elaborate topic change!
premier league regular season games = 38

nhl regular season games = 82

nba regular season games = 82

the mlb plays 162 but it is not anywhere near as strenuous

the nhl/nba play far more frequently than footballers and for the nhl at least a much tougher game on the body.

this is not counting playoffs where final teams can play an extra 28 games.

so the worst team in the nhl will play at least 20 more games than many of the top flight teams in football.
i'm sure it goes back to the first olympics. 
it's also an awesome website, i'm tired of making accounts for everything so this is a great idea
jajajajaja
awesome, works well. thanks!
just what fifa doesn't need if it's to rid itself of corruption allegations. he's 78, isn't it about time he retired?
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/cfb
2014 international football championship?
yes and i fall for it every fucking time.
top bantz, as they say
i'm sure this has been wheeled out for the last few international tournaments.
"similar type of player: josep guardiola"
this is brilliant, everytime!
i met an argentinian on an oe here in new zealand and they asked me what i know about their country, i responded with "messi, buenos aires, maradona, di maria and higuain." lol
great one liner :) thanks
not that i know of, martin.
i england wasn't so bad we (germany) could beat them in penalties again, but they won't even make it out of their group.
yes.  two minute penalty for things that would get you arrested.  let the players fight it out, and carry on.  how about pads all over your body so you can hit each other harder?  let me carry a stick to whack people over the head before they score. i'll take a two minute penalty for that
i disagree entirely with what the guy says, despite finding many american fans intensely annoying. 

i love that the us has brought what they consider good elements of fan culture form around the world to their games. it's great, the fans at the games i went to were lively, friendly and a lot of fun. 

the american fans i find intensely annoying are the ones that proclaim themselves to be fans of clubs thousands of miles away and yet know nothing about their history or traditions. they talk constant, unending and ill-informed shit about the games, the players and the referees. you know the ones i mean. 
it's still effective.
brazil vs croatia live hd streaming, live football 1st match world cup 2014

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html

http://www.p2stream.com/2014/06/brazil-vs-croatia-live-hd-streaming.html
would new york fc be able to afford him after villa and possibly lampard? not sure how the mls salary cap works, but if he went to nyfc i would love to see him come down to melbourne city in the a-league for a guest stint!
tim finney is there - where are you looking? heskey selected more times than hurst - well there's not much i can say about that! 
no, but it's the first time england qualified for the world cup ;)
thanks :) 
i would pay good money to see this bent french fuck buggered to death by horses.
that should be pretty easy considering the last 'election' - where this bent french wanker was the only candidate. fuck fifa. 
this guy has poisoned fifa for four terms. step the fuck down.
ahhh twitter... the bastion of the unoriginal and uninspired.
who ever wrote that article seems not to have proof read it, i only read the first 2 and they were riddled with mistakes.
it's gonna be streamed on fifa's own website i believe. 
i think right now, we've still got to play him, but i don't think he's beyond being substituted if he's having a bad game.
well you've got a bit of a nightmare group in the world cup so why not...
i think we should call them the us mutant ninja turtles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_yig7yn7py
in england they are known as 'team europe'
i've seen this going on since the 2006 world cup. 
got greece :(
yea you're boned too.
i just think we should have a good nickname. there are some great ones out there: "the indomitable lions" is among my favorites. 
whats wrong with "el equipo de todos"? 
so about that 100,000$?
and for those who doubted me, this just got announced! 


http://www.chelseafc.com/news-article/article/3900839/title/fabregas-signs-for-chelsea
i got switzerland :(
it's always the non football fans in the office who gets the top teams.  i call bullshit.  or the football gods are trying to win them over.
for the arsenal fans out there: http://psychcentral.com/.../10-tips-to-mend-a-broken-heart/
i literally just laughed dead loud *once* in the middle of work!
http://estorico.com/moritz/world_football_championship#/unit/7836
ha-ha, remember this moment. zidan was good :)

portugal

algeria

usa

it could be better, but it could be worse.  
nice collection of facts. just awesome!!!
for the arsenal fans out there: http://psychcentral.com/.../10-tips-to-mend-a-broken-heart/
i am looking for commentators/updaters to help though, so if you would like to help me out with that, pm me with ~100 words on why you want to do it, and why you think you'd be good in such a position. please also include your time zone :)
taking a wild guess here but probably real m. or barça.
fuck
one megalol

i made this btw :)
germany
belgium
algeria

a little hope
or you could just follow the link that op posted. 

spoiler: it's a tie between manchester united and bayern munich
if i understand correctly, arsenal had a clause to get him but passed? for only 20 million and now he is with a direct title challenger and rival? seems pretty bad.
you forgot champions league, fa cup, league cup, world cup, world cup friendlies etc lol
a reposted joke from 3 years ago, all that's changed is the child's name. what a tool.

http://f.kulfoto.com/pic/0001/0024/ni02z23766.jpg
only in certain countries. most of europe and some of asia. the rest of the world won't have access
i wouldn't mind subscribing to a stream that covers the entire world cup either, but i'd really love a free hd stream that will cover todays opening and game...
i remember this joke in mexico '86
you may beat us at our national sport but we always beat you at yours.
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/nfl 
glad i'm not the only one that always sees it this way!
cheeky bastard.
epl and serie a are the two biggest contributors of players
also football?
sometimes one doesn't realize a dive was taken until after the game.

mls already fines and suspends players for diving. the league has been doing this for the last year or two.
would this work from the us?
i can't think of a single thing where the uk is better than germany...


war: we bombed london to shit, not even a contest. v2s wer raining over london. 

football: england never had any chance.

economy: well uk makes good... welll, they make some stuff i guess.
i particularly like the inclusion of tintin on belgium's team
i swear arsene wenger must get extra money for not buying players, he is such a good coach when i comes to game play. but his unwillingness to buy players is just so damn strange, i just can't wrap my head around why a manager wouldn't want star players in his squad. 
it could be worth a try, but you might have to connect via a canadian proxy.
did you just delete every comment but your own?
opening ceremony. what the fuck.
if you're in canada, cbc is streaming it on their website. else, www.feed2all.eu
http://www.justin.tv/argentimania48
http://www.justin.tv/argentimania48
immobile will abrely play against england imo, balotelli will 100%.
you are godsend, sir. 
if you want english look on firstrowsports.eu  it works for me, but be sure to have adblocker on or it will litter your screen with ads.
blocked for me :(


i just found one

http://livsports.in

costs 120 inr thats like 2$ for the entire world cup. worth the amount. totally
nice to know that a uk-wide newspaper really is caring about more than just england
i'm sure there's a free vpn around that would allow access
if you are in england [itv player](https://www.itv.com/itvplayer/itv) works in hd perfectley.
it's her first website so it's not super flashy but there aren't many good sites for it and this one is really phone friendly as well...
excuse me, who won the war?
yeah, doesn't work in the us...
any ideas how to easily use a canadian proxy?
if you're in the u.s. it's free through espn online
http://www.ronaldo7.net/live/live.html
you don't know anything about arsenal's financial situation when it comes to transfers. nobody does except the arsenal people involved.
there's a list of them [here](http://letushide.com/location/ca/list_of_free_canada_proxy_servers)- and instructions on how to use them [here.](http://letushide.com/faq/how_to_use_proxy)
got the netherlands, so not a bad bet
they've already blocked the stream.
i know that they are considered easily one of the wealthiest sports teams in the world(http://www.forbes.com/sites/forbespr/2013/07/15/forbes-announces-the-worlds-50-most-valuable-sports-team/), and they they rarely spend money on players, or anything big from what i can see. i think its fair to assume they have money. especially considering that board member lord harris said that arsenal have the funds to sign anyone this summer except messi, ronaldo, and bale(http://www.goal.com/en/news/11/transfer-zone/2014/05/23/4836038/wenger-could-buy-anyone-except-messi-bale-ronaldo). so yea, it is actually possible to know a think or two about the financial situation, and the transfers, thats what media is for mate. if you did a little reading you too could know a bit about arsenals transfer situation. 
ye m8
i think the sub you're looking for is /r/nfl 
www.12thplayer.com ftw
i thought, because he was a winger, that he'd be in the midfielders list. i feel stupid now.
as a future atlanta fan... i can only hope.
yeah, but a move to mls isn't about winning championships... it's about getting a chance to live in the us, endorsements, etc. i definitely think zlatan wants to make some runs at a champions league title, but if that fails, moving to mls isn't out of the question at all.
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/nfl 
http://theneodesign.com/watch-fifa-world-cup-2014-online-free/
usa and russia. france, uk and the rest of europe lost and had to beg for help.
as a swede that has followed him since malmö, i really don't think so.

i'm not saying that it's impossible but for what i know he want titles and championships, not tons of money to play in a mediocre league.

it would be fantastic to see football culture get bigger in the us though, one of the main nations i would love to see in action. 
you do realise that he won't get half the endorsements in the mls that he would get in good leagues right? football is massive in europe so he'd want to live there more likely than america where he is appreciated and probably paid more. moving to the mls is when you aren't good enough for the top leagues, i reckon when he isn't good enough for the top leagues he'll just retire.
yeah, i get how it works...
the guy said he's interested in mls, so that's what i'm basing my opinions off of.
bullshit penalty
touché
referee was the mvp 
what a bs game.
"referee" was a fuc*ing joke.
small one indeed. but if you don't want to give away a penalty, don't grab the other players shoulder in the penalty area. what he did is not legal. it might not be what is usually enough, but thats the way the chips fall sometimes when the ref has to make a split decision call.

i cannot fault the ref for calling it. 

what i was more surprised about was what i saw as a clear freekick for croatia, that instead lead directly to the third goal.
and on other side dont touch ball with your hand, right?
that was a crappy penalty decision for croatia..but still. oscar was great and brazil did have majority of the possession. that said, nishimura might not get another game.
made me sick watching that match - it's 2014, yet i'm left wondering if the ref was in the pocket of some gambling racket. croatia should have won or drawn that match. 

brazil shouldn't need to cheat like they did, and the ref shouldn't allow the cheating.
this is just plain stupid
that is generally the rule, yes. depends on how it happens.

but i don't see your point, that one wrong should make another wrong right?
let's say we threw out all the bullshit of that match. brazil would still have won, fair and square at 2-0.
was it really that crappy? it might not have been right. 
but when you saw it from the angle that mostly resembles his, it definitely could look like he was pulled down. the croatian player _did_ hold on to the shoulder. and the ref has to make that decision pretty fast.

it is very easy to armchair ref these calls retrospectively assisted by slowmo.

wrong call, maybe. crappy? i think that is unfair.
the croatian player was committing a foul, mind you.
the croatian player held on to the shoulder. can you tell me if that is a foul or not according to the rules?
[nawwwt!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgvwfvtcnl0)
im sorry. we watched different games. on one side bogus penalty and on other canceled goal because referee thought there was hand play. fifa wanted brasil to win simple as that....
uhh yea, those two goals were legit. or were they another referee conspiracy??
if you are thinking about the situation where croatia had the ball in the the net, a free kick was called before it was kicked in, because the croatian player jumped into the keeper. clear free kick. 
nothing to do with hand play. called by the ref _and_ the assistant ref on the line.
that's not how it works...any goal changes the entire ebb and flow of the game. if brazil had not gotten the go-ahead goal on the penalty then croatia would not have thrown as much into the offense and left themselves open to the counter.

not to mention an own goal is not bullshit. the croatians got the ball into position and got lucky just like neymar did when he scuffed his shot and it ended up in the corner
what about croatia's second goal? not to forget the own goal too. it would've been 2-2. 
it's a gray area in the box. that sort of tussling happens every play around the goal and as long as it's not egregious (which this obviously wasn't) it is sop to not make a call so as to not let the ref affect the outcome of the game too much
no but had neymar been sent off like he should have been...
held not pulled him,considering what you say then every player that keeps barely keeps holding someone should be awarded a yellow card,im croatian and im somewhat amazed how that ref made the mistakes but still i can say brazil played good but the ref definetly destroyed the game with his decisions
actually i think brazil made quite an obvious foul to gain control of the ball in the break that lead to the third goal. pretty clear tackle from behind, as far as i could see.

but regardless, i think the penalty was small, but what happens when you manhandle players in the penalty box. the croatian player did commit a foul, however small a version it was.

brazil were clearly the superior team on the pitch. croatia played better than i expected, but brazil had the chances to put away quite a few more.
croatia's keeper had as much to do with the loss as the ref
for the love of god can we avoid the conspiracy theory bullshit? every call is tough to make on a stage like that

edit: he got the penalty call wrong but it had nothing to do with fifa
there's a reason not a single commentator is disputing the crappiness of the call 
"referee earns brazil victory" would be a better fitting title :(
poor decision making from the referee but i feel the linesman should have helped him and don't understand why they don't have officials behind the goal as well. 

also i'd like to comment on gustavo is performance. what do you guys think of him? 
held/pulled = same thing = foul. he restrained his movement. just enough for the referee to see it as bad enough for a call. is worse situations let go by other refs - or even the same one in the same game? probably. but when you break the rules in the box, you are playing with the fire that is the refs need to make split decision calls. 

i cannot fault the ref for calling it, but i will say that brazil probably got lucky on that call.

and if you had the statistics on this referees sop, it might align very well with what you would expect. but sometimes it just looks worse than it is in that split second. or not as bad as it is. that is the gamble you make when you break the rules in the "usually accepted" fashion.
because he did break them.
brazil did not look superior
because they are afforded slow motion replay, thrive on controversy and rarely know the actual rules?
getting a penalty called on you when you hold on to a player in the penalty box is not exactly bullshit either. 
seems ridiculous to think the syndicates won't try.
croatia did not get steamrolled - but brazil was clearly the better team.

60% possession. 5 fouls against 21 committed by croatia. 9 shots on goal vs 4. 7 corners vs 3. croatias only goal was an own goal.

yep, almost an even match. 


the "goal" that was scored after fouling the keeper?
who...who is this aimed at? i cannot imagine any population under any circumstances who would read this and find it informative, interesting, or helpful in any way.
fair enough. the more i think about it i'm more upset about the dive. he could have been a man about it and still gotten the call if it was really about the hand on the shoulder
held is not pulled last time i checked,i love watching football and i've played it for far too long to know whats a foul and what isnt,thing is when you make those type of decisions you really need to make sure its a 100% penalty
fact is it was a good game to watch till the ref decided to act on a guy who literally loosened himself to fall down like he is in some comedy show not a football match,then the "foul" on cesar by olic then the foul on rakitic that preceded the 3rd goal by brasil.
thing is carrying hosts by ref decisions has been a thing since korea and literaly its gonna destroy the game thats supposed to be centered around the better team winning,

tldr ref made a bad judgement and put himself into the spotlight not the game that was supposed to be the oppening jewel of the world cup 
what should the linesman have done? lied and told the ref that the croatian player did not hold the brazilian player?

don't know about gustavo, but the one player that stood out to me in this game was hulk. negatively. he had tons of moments to create opportunities. and made the selfish and stupid decision almost every time. he was almost the only brazilian player giving away possession in the first half, if we discount attempts on goal and crosses. even after the own goal the rest of the team played smart and patiently. hulk just gave it away. 

croatia was probably what impressed me the most. they were better than expected. not that i would ever expect them to be bad - but there was a tempo to their game, once brazil let them have the ball in the second half, that could spell more trouble for the other teams in the group than i expected.
which of the goal would you pin to him? the third made him look bad, granted. but that was not what lost them the game.
that part we agree on - to some extent. because we all know that staying on your legs because you can, also means you sometimes do not get a free kick you should have had. 

but yeah, he definitely overplayed it.
the first goal should have been saved as well. he was on his heels for both
download sopcast and check http://www.wiziwig.tv for hd links. i swear it's better than tv in my area.
numbers aren't everything. this brazilian side is not at all intimidating
i didn't think there will be, but tonight game made me think about this possibility.
we agree on the foul before the 3rd goal. i was still gesticulating that the screen as it was put in behind the keeper. i could not believe he let that one pass.

as much as my other comments might seem as i have a preference for brazil, i really don't.

but i really hate seeing refs being lynched for decisions that are obvious split second observations of something that at least resembles a foul. 

i thought not calling the foul before the third bra goal was a much, much worse decision than the penalty.

oh, and i don't know when you last checked, but pulling is not even specifically stated in the rules as a free kick offense. but holding is. pulling quite obviously fall in under that. pulling is just holding and moving.
what? you clearly know nothing about football so you should start searching and reading about it, go to youtube and watch some goals or skils. it's hard to get in to it if you've never played it and know nothing about it, you wouldn't understand how difficult/amazing somethings or goals the player score/do. me for example i would never relate to baseball because i know nothing about and i know no one that plays it or talk about irl.  if you just want to watch some world cup games then check the games time according to your time zone and download sopcast and check http://www.wiziwig.tv for hd links. 

...and why usa would get it? i personally wish it to go to japan.
download sopcast and check http://www.wiziwig.tv for hd links.

if i remember correctly they finished 2nd in voting in 2010's vote for the host.
i think we might have a different definition of intimidating. :)

on paper and based on results this team is better than any of the others. i have yet to see a bookmaker, betting market or prediction model disagree.
they're basing their research on this midgit gk, most gk's can easily reach outside of that zone, and you can't eliminate pressure.
i believe it's only free if you have espn with your cable subscription
you are correct
the best quote from the article.

&gt;fifa’s attitude seemed to have been that these fixers were the unluckiest tourists in the world. the fixers went to all these tournaments around the world, where they approached players, coaches and officials — but, fifa insisted, they never succeeded in bribing anyone. yet they kept returning."

and later...

&gt;20 years of match-fixing in soccer
&gt;international soccer tournaments with the confirmed presence of match-fixers:

&gt;1994 - world cup (usa)
1995 - under-20 world cup (qatar)
1996 - olympics (atlanta, usa)
1997 - under-17 world cup (malaysia)
2004 - olympics (athens)
2006 - world cup (germany)
2007 - women’s world cup (china)
2008 - african nations cup (ghana)
2010 - world cup (south africa)
2011 - gold cup (mexico)


try cbc.ca  if your in canada
lol you live in some texas village aka under a rock? 
as for the time periods:
there are continental championships every 4 years as well, shifted 2 years from the world cup. and you have to fit in the national team games to decide who qualifies for those and the world cup - in between all the club games. so it would be hard pressed to do it faster, probably.

that and the olympics started the whole 4 years thing. that has probably something to do with it as well. :)

qualifiers are playing in regional groups. more or less continental groups, with few odd variations here and there. and it also weights into the group distribution at the wc as well - to some degree.

us is more likely to play turkey in a friendly than a tournament match, probably.

oh, and your friend has good taste. you should listen to him. a couple of years ago i would said that this is why: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jryueiopfe

but sadly you are too late. 


it's weird, but i think it should stay in europe.
[this should have been the official 2010 wc song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtjst4wp2me)
ohio =(

lol 500+ million, try 4 billion buddy. the easiest way to start watching football is to watch it. watch it with your friend and tell him to teach you. play the sport yourself with him. the us are playing in an international world tournament right now, so they can meet any team, there are other tournaments that focus on certain regions. read up on the sport on wikipedia, watch it and play it. i suggest you watch brazil, spain and germany in this wc. watching any south american team would be wise as well. football is a beautiful sport, that depends on team work and individuality at the same time. spirit and tactical obedience. skill and being resolute. i pity those who are oblivious to the magic of the round ball.
wow this sounds like an epic organization...
and the first time my friend mentioned mu (he was drunk) i asked him who he was talking about and he actually raised his glass and was about to pour his beer on me lmao!
personally for me it was t a penalty because of minimal contact .... that much contact is expected as it is a "contact sport". there was no pull neither. 
look at fred's penalty.
wow. thank you. ill check this out. never been able to get into american football or baseball. too boring.
ozil, ramsey, ox, wilshere, arteta, gnabry, to name but five reasons not to part with the money.

giroud being another three and a decent cb being another two
 
the world cup is the perfect way to start. why not watch start by watching some of the usa games, you already have a stake in them.

the world cup is every 4 years because it makes it even more special that way. 4 years is enough time for teams to change significantly enough to make things interesting. there's also intermediate tournaments like the euro tournaments that are two years after each world cup. these tournaments are pretty disruptive to club football though, so it's a good thing that they only happen every two years.

countries mostly only play others in their federation, turkey is part of uefa the european federation and the us is part of concaf (?) an american federation. countries usually play each other in the qualifying matches for the world cup or their federations cup, a few of these games are played every season. friendly matches are often played between any two countries that want to play each other. these are a bit rarer because everything else takes up so much time. in the last few weeks there have been a few of these because teams want to practice before the world cup.
4 billion ... jesus man. america likes to pretend were on an island and the whole world revolves around us. =( would that i got into this sooner. i'm actually pretty excited



the speed of the shot is another factor that is not mentioned.

as the speed of the shot increases the "unsavable" area increases, but so too does the probability of a miss entirely.
it's watched all over the world even the us, but theres more focus on the nba and nfl in the us that's all. yes the us like to pretend they live on island,  because they kind of do, you can't comprehend how important that is to the us government,  an oblivious people are the best sort of people.
and croatia dissalowed goal
no offense but are you twelve or something?  you seem like an idiot.
no i'm a grown man. the sport is just never promoted here. i knew about the world cup and that it was big, just never this big. how does not knowing about football make me an idiot? better yet, how does wanting to learn about something make me an idiot?
if fifa were on their game they would have fake match-fixers to scare players in to questioning if they were being setup.
the way you come across makes you seem dumb, that's all.  now you also seem like a sensitive idiot.  you fit both americunt stereotypes it seems.
i agree. i was just commenting in retrospect, and criticism in retrospect does have its place. in the moment, sure it was an "ok" call, but one does spoiled by performances by the likes of collina. 

still, i understand your sentiment. let's drink to the game :)
removed :/
try the hola plugin for browser.. 
home field advantage taken to a whole new level. 


that penalty was complete bullshit. croatia's goalkeeper wasn't exactly doing very well to be fair. i mean he let in that first goal and it was going like slower than an average neymar shot. 

that "foul" on the gk was also bullshit. literally everything that could've gone bad for croatia went bad. their forwards weren't exactly doing wonders. 

their defense and middle were the bright parts of their performance. their defense was relentless. still feel bad for croatia. 

i think it all boils down to refereeing. and it was bad so much that they got undeservedly robbed of a tie or a win. first by their gk messing up followed by fred diving, the disallowed goal and finished with the 3rd goal and mistake by their keeper. 
croatia's goalkeeping was bad, letting in two really poor shots by neymar and then oscar.  that being said, croatia was completely robbed.  they should've tied the game at least despite not having the extremely important mandzukic.  croatia is not brazil, so losing such a key player hurts much more than if one the larger countries lost one.  i was impressed by their effort and the skills of rakitic and modric, and that's why i am sickened by the refs decision for a penalty.  it was a total gift, and it prevented the croatians from getting their deserved tie.  i'm not even a fan of croatia, but wow did this game make me mad.
how can it stay if it wasn't in europe to begin with?
i think that brazil's penalty did not exist whatsoever, like, i don't even think it's up for discussion.

the foul over júlio césar was questionable, i don't think it was a foul but i'll give them that since it was in the goal area.
upvoted for a reply hah! 

interesting that you don't agree with the foul against the keeper which led to the disallowed goal. i watch almost exclusively premier league, world cup and euro tournament matches for the past 15 years and wasn't surprised by it at all. the odd part of it was the delay by the ref. however,  at least it was consistent with his poor attempts to play advantage then call back play for a foul. 

croatia were stoic in defence,  but other than their great chance for a header in the first 10 minutes, a goal didn't seem likely from them in my opinion. which is why i stick by the result being the same even with better refereeing/decisions. 

brazil did look frenetic when in possession, and easily pushed off the ball. oscar was a real highlight though and i think he played extremely well. say what you will about the strength of neymars shot,  but it couldn't have possibly been in a better position. hitting the post and going in is as extreme as it can get in terms of a position shooting across goal. 

i would agree croatia was unlucky, brazil was lucky. i don't fully agree the result was entirely down to referring though. just the ebbs and flows of football. 

thanks for the input though! 
the tweet from ramos has since been deleted along with gulati denying the claims. 
umm russia? 2018?? hence stays in europe. 
i don't know who downvoted you, but you are, in fact, correct:

[1930 world cup in uruguay](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1930_fifa_world_cup)

historically it used to go ||: south america, europe, europe :|| until the 70s when they did: not europe - europe, repeat.
except from that bad call it was a pretty good game. both teams looked strong and it is a shame no one talks about how well they both played because of a single bad call that wasn't the first and won't be the last.

maybe brazil wasn't as good as expected though. only oscar played up to the hype
hey now, don't bring all of us americans into this. i've been in love with the game since age 5. :) it's always had a following here, and it's actually started getting unbelievable. i just went to the usa-nigeria friendly with a crowd of over 50,000 people. there was a point (not too long ago) where i never in my wildest dreams would have guessed that we'd see a crowd that big at a football game (well, except american football, of course). 

but really, good for you, dude. it's about time you watched the world's greatest sport. i won't badger you for not being a fan til now, that'd be silly. i'm always happy to see people get into it, and you have to start sometime. and of course the united states is worth getting passionate about! come on! we may not be the best in the world, but we still pull off some amazing stuff. short of that, watch the epl. great, great stuff.
the few times the defense got penetrated typically resulted in a goal due to that goalkeeper's slop work.
fair enough i watch mostly epl and la liga. 
i still believe that some of the referees calls kind of screwed croatia. the goals were a
mix of neymar and oscar's good shots and the keeper not having the best reactions. 

oscar was good in this match. genuinely impressed. he deserves motm over neymar but he'll probably get it because of the goals. 

the lack of mandzukic was very apparent with croatia creating some good chances (thanks to modrić and rakitić) but had no one there to finish them. still a good match but it was a disappointing  one i expected some high intensity down to the wire match. not a fairly one sided one.
lol, so much hate in this thread, it's a joke buddies, i found it funny
are you retarded?!! i said "stays" because it comes after 2018 which is in europe. it's not rocket science. 
the referee ruined it, missed up 2 times.
at least as legitimate as the goal brazil goal because of croatia's "foul" in the box
i think you are the only idiot here. he is trying to learn, you are just an asshole
all the infrastructure and ability to hold it is already in place. 

as an american i'm partial to australia basically because i just want to go to australia though..
because it would take us all of 20 minutes to prepare infrastructure and stadiums to handle the world cup.

new york (metlife stadium), la (rose bowl/coliseum), chicago (soldier field), houston (nrg stadium), dallas (at&amp;t stadium), dc (fedex field), new orleans (superdome), seattle (centurylink stadium) &amp; denver (sports authority field) would do nicely.
the referee was terrible. he was that bad that yet again everyone is talking about him instead of the players.

the penalty should have seen fred booked for diving. the 'foul' on julio cesar was a ridiculous call and was typical of a referee who'd bottled it under the pressure of the brazil fans. it was nowhere near being a foul. the players arms were down and it was just terrible goalkeeping. brazil should probably drop cesar because he was god damn awful.
the croatian goalkeeper didn't play at his best either.

as for the third goal, to me it seemed to be a foul when brazil won back the ball, though i've not seen any good clear replays so i can't comment fairly on that.

neymar should have received at least 2 yellow cards for diving.

motm i'd give to modric or luiz. modric managed to appear as though he was playing surrounded by his real madrid teammates rather than the croatian national team. luiz was just seemingly great all match. 

the final score should have been a win for croatia. a draw at a push.

if the officiating continues at this standard, this will be a terrible world cup.
they're not football stadiums, every summer tour in america the pitches and stadiums are awful for football, if it's up to me i would give it to england.
no it's not, a baseball stadium can't host the world cup.
to my shame i couldn't huck myself out of bed to see it. 
the highlights didn't show the disallowed goal, which seems a little odd.

the penalty was not a penalty and i very much hope it does not start a trend of get-the-ball-in-the-box-and-fall-over-ing.

and is it just me? the tackle which got brazil the ball for the 3rd goal looked to be quite clearly a foul? he took the man from behind, and didn't seem to make any contact with the ball...
croatia got lucky with the first goal, brazil tied 20m later. 

croatia went back to the 2nd half playing for a draw brazil was going for the 2nd. pk or not i think brazil would have won the game which makes the pk that much worse. 

croatia played its best football after the 2nd goal and i have no doubt they will be the qualifying teams from group a.
i felt that brasil were tentative, even nervous.

even though the penalty was garbage, i still feel like the started to lift in that period of play and would have probably got a goal regardless of the ref's call.

aside from neymar i wasn't really impressed with many of the brasilian youngsters - oscar held the ball too long and gave away possession continuously, david luiz wandered too often - for me on brasil's side the older heads were solid i.e marcelo and dani alves, although i thought cesar was shaky.

croatia were solid, but perhaps missed manzukic's finishing touch. olic ran his guts out and the midfield created some chances. the few times brasil stepped up though, i felt the defence was a tad chaotic and ill disciplined.

overall perhaps a wc opener to be expected and aside from the atrocious penalty call, i think it was an appropriate result.

edit: wrong keeper duh!
couple of interesting things you mention. another person not agreeing with the fould on cesar, maybe i'm alone in that hah. 

how do you come to the conclusion croatia should have won it when even if their disallowed goal stood, and you took away the penalty, brazil still scored 2 other goals in open play. at best surely you're looking at a draw due to the own goal by marcelo? 

interesting note on luiz as a motm candidate, i think he's a fucking liability pushing into midfield and making paulinho play in the back line to cover him. same with alves and marcelo playing so far forward. i know it's their style to attack heavily, but they don't look confident enough on the ball when trying to hold position after cutting out a counter to get players back into position. interesting notes nonetheless, thanks!
i agree, i thought oscar played incredibly well. all of the brazilian players while incredibly quick/tricky looked a bit too nervous/weak on the ball at the same time and unable to control themselves and have stints of meaningful possession. maybe just opening game nerves at home? if they stay like that for the rest of the tournament, they won't be going far i don't think. 
http://gfycat.com/reliablemadeupchafer

there's the disallowed goal if you're interested in seeing it (and still haven't)

i'm on the fence with the tackle that leads to the 3rd goal for brazil. it's a solid challenge, a bit of a 50/50 call in the premier league i suppose and international play is typically not as rough. so i suppose it could have been a foul. would love to see a closer/slow shot of the tackle. 
i agree with a lot of what you say, interesting that you didn't like oscars performance, i thought he did well. agree on luiz and his wandering ways. marcelo and alves are both wonderful and liabilities due to the fact they don't seem to switch times they push up so you're left with only silva and paulinho (covering luiz) at the back as luiz wants to push into midfield. many pundits have lauded brazils defence for the world cup, but i can't see it working if it was anything like this game.
edit: also, was going to say before, pepe reina plays for spain, i assume you meant césar.
hahaha 'americunt', not sure if it's intentional or not but it's damn hilarious.
penalty was a horrible call, like i said, i think everyone can agree with that. 

just about any contact with a keeper is given in their favour, so i'll stick to it being a foul hah.
you what would make it really special? if the made it every 10 years/s, let's be honest here there is no answer to this question they just thought it would be better.
as a brazilian guy, i will tell my opinion: the game wasn't good for brasil on the first half, brasil started marking croatia in their side and left the mid-field opened and croatia held back the defence. brasil had the ball possession but was completely opened to counter-attacks (one resulted in marcelo's og after a low crossing). after that oscar started to appear with good dribles and passes and marcelo did well making to ball go from the defence to the attack: brasil get ball possession closer to croatia area and more chances started to appear and when oscar fighted for the ball and passed to neymar he made a defensible goal for a top-class goalkeeper. i've seen many similar penalties, but sadly, it wasn't in this case... the referee made a really poor match. it was clearly a foul in júlio césar, he was going to get the ball and the croatia's attacker jumped on his body before he catched it. brasil, on second half, started playing much better than in the first, the substitutions made the team more offensive and after all, oscar scored a nice individual goal, indefensible for such bad goalkeeper.
brazilian player ratings: júlio césar: 7; daniel alves: 5; thiago silva: 7; david luiz: 9; marcelo: 8; luiz gustavo: 7; paulinho: 5; hulk: 6; oscar: 9; neymar: 8,5; fred: 4. subs: hernanes: 7,5; bernard: ?; ramires: ?.
it's called football, you know, because you use your foot.
dfghjgjh
interesting view that it should be a tie. croatia only had 3 shots on target overall, so i'm curious to what made you come to that conclusion, let me know if you have time.

maybe this view of the goal by neymar will change your opinion on it? http://fat.gfycat.com/melodicshadowychinchilla.webm

i wouldn't call it a poor shot, pletikosa looks to be expecting it on the left of goal (his right) as the defender is closing the across goal angle. however neymar shoots and nutmegs the defender, call it shanked, luck, skill, whetever you want, it heads to the very bottom corner and bounces in off the post. essentially the most extreme angle he could have scored from that position and surprised the keeper by the angle it was hit even if it wasn't struck with speed.

as for oscars, i wish i could find a top down view of it, the best i have is this http://gfycat.com/conventionaltintedjanenschia i've said in other replies i think the tackle is a real 50/50 call and i think the bobble of the shot has made it hard for pletikosa to judge.

agree with croatia not having mandzukic as a spark of creativity/skill to create an opporunity or two for sure.
that's half true, only a certain amount counts towards the salary cap ($400k i believe?), the rest doesn't
i think 2-1 because my initial impression of brazils third goal was that it came from a foul. (like i say, i've only seen it once.) if it's not a foul then 2-2 is still acceptable.
also if you take into account that had croatia had their rightful 2-1 lead, they wouldn't have had to be pushing so high for an equaliser, leaving a massive gap for the counter. that's a situation when brazil are deadly but i think they'll struggle against better teams.
had croatia still been ahead towards the end, i reckon that brazil would really have had to push forward more, which they tend to do a lot through their fullbacks. this would have left large gaps for croatia, and they have a few players such as modric and perisic who, when given space, can be deadly from range.

luiz is in my opinion better as a cdm where he can be allowed to roam, but he played well i thought today. he closed down a good few shots and seemed more controlled than i'm used to seeing at cb.
gibraltar was recently allowed into eufa because they beat tibet 5-0. they have only played 5 games in uefa and managed to get a draw against slovakia and in their most recent game they beat malta.
well, to be fair that applies equally well to japan or korea. they both have 10 stadiums left over from 2002.
great signing for chelsea, being a gooner makes me wonder has wenger lost his marbles, i can see cesc having a great season and us scrapping for 4th again.
lol yep, cesar, too many fantasy leagues and names running through my head. well spotted!
easy one for the tie argument (i think it should be a tie myself). 

everyone agrees the penalty was bullocks.  brazil -1.  i don't think the cesar foul should have been called.  croatia +1.  2-2 game.

the fact is that brazil came into the game having no idea how aggressive croatia was going to be.  croatia took advantage of that and in terms of making opportunities count in the first half totally dominated.  definitely the stronger of the two performances at half. 

croatia definitely doesn't deserve a win, they didn't out class brazil by any means, but they sure deserve a better result than a 1-3 loss.

and i'm a brazil fan. 
chelsea, 15 players.  

torres,
fabregas,
dave,
cahill,
omerou,
mikel,
moses,
atsu,
hazard,
lukaku,
courtois,
oscar,
willian,
ramires,
schurrle,
i agree about neymars shot. from the angle of his body the keeper could be excused for anticipating the shot to go left or at least straight - difficult to read that he was going to wrap his foot around it and put it on the right post.

i think the pletikosa looked comfortable for the majority of the game.
it wasn't anything to do with the hand on his shoulder. if you watch again, the brazilian falls down as if his legs have been kicked away from behind.

this simulation + the crap referee and crap assistant is what won the penalty.

personally, i'd like to see the brazilian player banned from the rest of the tournament and a point awarded to croatia but then fairness is not something that's really ever been promoted in football.


so im joining in here cause that saves me some writing. i mostly agree with seb, but i saw one shot of that caesar olic battle for the ball where you see caesar reaching for the ball and olic basically flying into him (from the sideline). he doesn't hit him full on, but due to being higher overall, his arm ends up at caesars throat. so although it was miserable positioning by caesar it was ok to call it a foul. 

overall the ref just seemed to use double standards, especially in 2nd half. brasil had maybe one or two more really good chances, the shoots on target statistics aren't giving a good impression. around 80min into the game brasil maybe had 5 shoots on target, from which 1 was neymar's goal and one good chance where the croatian keeper made a good save. 

i saw olic fighting a lot with the mandzukic replacement, who seemed to make a lot of wrong runs into the penalty area. this led to less shoots on target although they were good to great chances. 

i do think too, that the possession win by brazil before the 3-1 was a foul, didn't get a good look at it. neymar shouldn't been send off in first half, but croatia got the 1-1 cause olic discussed with the striker instead of attacking instantly. we could have gotten the ball back in brazils half, even before paulinho? did that lucky pass to neymar. 

i feel like brazil got very lucky, it should probably have ended 1-1
thanks! the keeper's lack of reaction says that it was probably a fair call. if he had thought there was any hint of a chance of it not being a foul, he'd have been in front of the net pretty sharpish.

maybe my reaction to the challenge was because it immediately followed the clip of the penalty. i just thought "if **that** was a foul, how was **that one** not?!" i know refs get trigger happy when we get inside the box, but still...
i'm from croatia and of course i'm a little biased.

penalty was nonexistent. but it was a good thing to happen because it finally made our players show their teeth. this was not a true croatia,and  if they had played their best i think that the game would be much better. i think that second croatia goal can be viewed as a foul,but i think there was a foul in 3rd brasilian goal action. that sealed the game,and that was unfair to me. 

i'm proud of our team,but if they've played more inclined to attack the game would look much,much better.

sorry for bad english
please tell me who lost the war and who won the war?
english is great man! the more you use it and read it, the better you will become! 

i agree that croatia didn't play to its full potential, they're a better team than they showed today. i also think brazil could have been better as well though! 

i think croatia have a good chance to finish 2nd in the group overall. 
i have the same thing with my basketball fantasy leagues! 
yes, i hope we finish second. brasil could have done better,but they always start slow at world cups so it's not out of the ordinary. today is cameroon - mexico so we'll see other group participants in action.

i just don't get what's with the downvotes in this thread. 

it's a football discussion,if there's something wrong that we're doing i'd like for it to be pointed out :s
everyone try this premium game for free
i thought croatia played better after the pk too, the way they were playing in the 2nd half would have ended on a 2nd goal from brazil eventually. 

if they had played the whole game as they did after the pk they would definitely have won. if they play with that same intensity they'll pass the group easy and maybe even spain. croatia has a good team it's just unfortunate the judge felt the pressure from the home crowd in certain moments (the pk being that since he took a few seconds to make the call) but the julio cesar foul he called immediately. 
oscar was the man of the match in my opinion. almost every chance brazil created has his name on it.

any team with a good counter-attack and luck can beat brazil. t.silva and d.luiz are great, but are not magicians. too much confidence led to croacia's first goal.

modric and rakitic played very well, and croatia was solid on it's strategy. i believe that was the way to go and could've worked.

no penalty. foul on césar. no foul on the third goal.
excellent game.
dude the first goal by neymar looked like it was going out and ever so slightly  clip the post and go in. it wasn't a hard shot but it's a goalie killer. that would never be an easy defense that shot was perfect and killed the goalie. he expected it on his right it went to his left if you see right before he jumps he edges to his right expecting neymar to go one way.

oscar shot is so tricky the ball bounces twice and just goes over his hand. had it stuck to the ground it'd be a defense. 


how has this been down voted?
u don't take into account the great impact of momentum in soccer.
i don't get all the hate fabregas is getting.
he was surplus to requirements at barca and arsenal didn't want him back. he had to play somewhere.
"earning thousands" 
june 21st is the beginning of winter in the southern hemisphere and brazil. the coldest state to play in will be sao paulo, rio grande do sul, curitiba.

anything above minas gerais will be hot. there may be snow in curitiba but very unlikely, i think it'd be really cool if it snowed during a world cup match.
referee could done a little better job. croatia showed that they can do something. now that mandžukić can join we are complete! 
greetings from croatia! &lt;3
these guys sponsor charlton athletic, my team :d
well there is a clear diffrence what is a foul and what aint,that "penalty" was a clear mistake because that kind of defending happens all the time, judge wasnt on point with his calls and he managed to make himself into the spotlight,not the players that were supposed to play the game 
fghfjhngjhj
bit shameful really. but, i think it might work in our favour if the pitch isn't very good. italy is likely to have more possession and this might disrupt their game somewhat.
a draw or an agonic victory from brazil. but we'll never know since the ref decided to opt for man of the match always favouring the host nation in any close call. i agree with the croatian trainer if it goes on like this it is going to be a circus.     

* penalty? non-existent. call for brazil
* neymar elbow? reddish card. just in case call for brazil and keep it yellow
* 3rd goal fault? probably yes. but hey, it's brazil!
* alves bring down olic in a counter? perhaps non international. but when in doubt....brazil
* olic gains a ball with his face and goes alone to brazil area? i think i saw a hand in there. better call a foul for brazil
* croatia scores the 2-2? hmmm olic came close to the goalkeeper. just to be safe make the call that favours brazil     

i mean, some may be right, some may be honest mistakes but on 100% of the 'dubious' calls he made the call that advanced the host nation interest.      
fifa should stop releasing doves and making anti-racist ads and just get their f?&amp;"%! job done. that is, fair well-refeered games and not the ridiculous hatchet job we all saw yesterday
it has everything to do with the hand on his shoulder. and his right arm that locks freds right arm for a moment too. from the refs perspective it provides the evidence for freds, overstated for sure, falling down.

it was a reasonable call - even if wrong.
he grabs his shoulder and locks freds right arm under his own. clear foul, albeit usually not big enough to be called.

but if you play the "this is usually not called" game in the box, you will sometimes lose to the split second decision the ref has to make.

hard call, maybe. but the croatian player did everything he could to provide evidence for a call.
i agree it is reasonable to have a retrospective debate over whether it was correct or not.

but it seems like every wrong call is being blown up accusations of  scandals, rigging and so on.

the refs have to do a hard job, making split second decisions, for a tiny, tiny fraction of compensation compared to the game and players they are refereeing. vilifying them for honest and reasonable mistakes gets on my nerves.

even if i agreed the call was wrong, that does not mean that i would think this was the most horrible and bought judge ever. i think he did a relatively decent job. 

i did think he made a big mistake not calling a foul against brazil, when they conquered the ball leading to the last goal. i was shouting at the screen on that one. :)

but yeah, a drink to the game i can get in on. :)
thoughts on the piece? do you think neymar has it in him?
it's only the opening match and they often tend to be quite nervous affairs. i don't think brazil were particularly convincing and there are (legitimate imo) complaints from the croatian camp regarding the quality of officiating in the match.

we'll see just how good he is in the next round when brazil will likely face spain or netherlands. the best players are the ones who can perform against tougher opposition.
fair point. can't complain too much because croatia is a very good team.

no one wants to lose the first match and you could see that yesterday. croatia gave brazil very little space to play in croatia's half.

i was actually quite pleased with neymar yesterday. stepped up when the team needed him. the first goal is actually really good. the penalty by neymar wasn't a great effort but he scored. which is what matters.

btw, is there a downvote bot running around here? every single new post has at least one downvote.
i think so. everything seems to get at least one downvote and they tend to come in waves, so it's either a bot or someone with far too much time on their hands. i've asked the admins about it but it doesn't seem to have been given much priority. hopefully they'll get round to it at some point.
escobar... poor devil.
i was very disappointed. i knew croatia could do something great and they almost did. i like the brazilian team but they failed to deliver. they got lucky for sure - on the border with dubious refering but i've also seen much worse. i felt very frustrated for croatia. 

neymar kind of saved his team game-wise, and oscar was good alright - it didn't stop me from spotting the foul that led to him scoring.

not wanting to bash the host team, i just hope they will show another face next game.
football fans who have not heard of these players are not actual football fans yet. but nice article!
i thought bernard was phenomenal as well, him coming on completely changed the game.
lots of people are unhappy with r/soccer. the more regular users seem more inclined to come over here. but, things such as the zlatan to mls thread being stickied is putting them off. there's definitely an active userbase which wouldn't mind making the jump. just letting you know.
we're not really trying to compete with them, there's no reason people can't subscribe to both if they want to. i do and i expect many of the other subscribers here do as well.
i think people are reading far too much into the first game of the cup. remember spain's first game last time around?

there's nerves, pressure, and an extremely tense environment.

croatia gave no space whatsoever. i loved it. typical international tournament football.

neymar was quite good if you ask me. didn't set the world alight, but that's extremely rare in the wc anyway. people always underestimate that.

i think he's only going to improve as the tournament goes. probably win the golden boot.
i think people should give croatia more credit here. they were very disciplined and very tough to break down.

it was always going to be a tough game for them.
was a lot more impressed with oscar than neymar, tbh.
oscar was the man of the match in my opinion, definitely attacked croatia more and never ran out of ideas - it's a shame neymar grabs all the headlines.
would be a big loss for portugal if they lost ronaldo!
he joined one of the two clubs that would ruin his reputation at arsenal for ever. 

as for us not wanting him back, he left and he made it happen even though he was captain and the entire squad was built around him. he was never bigger than the club and can't just come back when it happens to suit him. plus özil is better in my opinion. so is ramsey. and wilshere has the potential to become one of the best england midfielders. plus oxlade-chamberlain and cazorla is two of wengers favorites. and the we will/should sign a defensive midfielder who also needs to play. and still after that you have rosicky, arteta and diaby...
the only americunt around here is you.
i'm very interested to watch this game. netherlands have their weakest team for a long time, if you ask me. 

it's going to be a slow and boring game, for sure. but, it will also be a fascinating battle.

i predict spain wins 1-0.
absolutely. he was great defensively as well. made some important interceptions and challenges. never ran out of energy.
edfdgdgfh
i think oscar will be just as important to brazil as neymar. he's not the poster boy like neymar, but that's ok.
while that's true, i was just trying to pick the 9 or 10 best overall situations. realistically, we have 40-50 stadiums with the capacity to host a match – don't forget college football.

japan or korea would be okay again. i would still like to see how nuts ao goes if it's in the states!
ertyrtuyt
i don't remember that one, might have to rewatch the last part.
my impression was that the from both teams seemed nervous. the brazilian coach had given an interview a week ago saying that he was not happy with the level of teamplay, which makes sense. a lot of those players come from different clubs  and they probably need to get used to each other.  i reckon that there is room for improvement. 

the game itself was rather contrived, brazil held the ball most of the time but did not attack as much as it should. croatia on the other hand did not manage to keep the ball very long. 

despite the penalty blunder, the result was fair. brazil was the only team that actually managed to score (even against itself). 
i'm hoping it lives up the expectations from it, both teams know how to play nice football, looking forward to it and expect goals, although i won't be surprised if it ends 1-0 or 0-1, either way.
you didn't want him back? fine. your call. but you can't expect him to just sit around and mop about it, can you?

i think cesc is easily a much, much better player than ramsey. i think he's better than ozil too, but that's subjective. in the current arsenal midfield, nobody is decidedly better than him. i, for one, would have loved to have him at united. 

i can understand the knee-jerk reaction to his move, but once you look at it clearly from his perspective, it isn't that bad.
first half was great, brazil had most of the possesion but any time croatia were on the ball they were all sprinting forward and looked dangerous
chalk it up to nerves possibly, but brazil's defense, arguably the best in the world, looked really really shaky.  they were really exposed and showed some pretty obvious weakness defending those searching crosses into the box.  i don't follow the croatian team closely so i am not familiar where there strengths are normally on offense, usually working through modric i'd assume, but man their flanks were putting some pretty serious pressure on brazils backs and having a fair bit of success--pretty much all of croatias looks came off crosses, no?  

i fully expect brazils d to improve over the next matches, but goddamn, if they don't? they are not getting anywhere near a trophy on that form.  playing that match against one of the more impressive offenses in the cup would  have surely left a different result.   

and croatia certainly impressed--they don't seem to ooze creativity, but they play pretty confidently.  say what you will about the officiating (it was fucking garbage obviously), but had pletikosa come up a little bigger (and he did make some big saves) we also could have had a different result.  

the second spot out of the group is going to be a good contest i think.  
i'm not so sure. the wrong call for off-side, when racitic had the ball, as well as the obvious foul just before oscar scored the 3:1 - it wasn't just a single bad call.
&gt; it's going to be a slow and boring game, for sure.

you think? both teams are known for their attacking style, so i'm hoping for a metric fuckton of goals.
i wouldn't say "changed the game", but he did look quite good, probably better than hulk was.
i'm not so sure, simply because it's the first game of the tournament and it's a tough group.

neither team will want to lose, really.

spain isn't *really* that attacking in international tournaments, so i expect them to hog a lot of possession.

i would love a fuck-ton of goals. but, i don't think we'll get such a game.


i went for "changed the game" because to me he was phenomenal after coming on for a lackluster hulk. if hulk had been playing well, i would have just said that bernard looked really good.
solid signing for them, i think. they can afford to keep have two very good rbs. maybe sagna can play in the cl and cups. and zabaleta can play in the league.
[**@mcfc**](https://twitter.com/mcfc):
&gt;[2014-06-13 12:41:00 utc](https://twitter.com/mcfc/status/477430433609969665)

&gt;bacary sagna: mcfc delighted to announce [@sagnaofficial](https://twitter.com/sagnaofficial) will join the blues later this summer [*mcfc.co.uk*](http://www.mcfc.co.uk/news/team-news/2014/june/sagna-to-join-city) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bqasckqiqaazoj6.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/q8lr6b9.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/281p8e%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

from what i've seen, it really doesn't look like it's all that hot in any of the world cup locations, but i guess it is relative since i live in houston.
i think that's the reasoning behind it, zabaleta has 49 starts this season for city and argentina so sagna will be a great help for him.
absolutely.  and if a player goes down during the game stopping play they should be forced to leave the field, just like in hockey.  fifa needs to empower refs to grow a set and call out/card floppers.
i got a 1-1 for this match.
i don't think so, rewatch the first goal and you'll realize that would have been a goal if brazil hadn't touched it in.  there was another croatian striker right after the brazil defender who accidently tapped it into the net.  it was going in no matter what.
i was very confused reading the article until i realized it was on fourfourtwo
we aim and hope to bring you the best in football. we promise to cover all the major news, transfers, tournaments, statistics for you. also we try our best to encourage healthy discussions related to football.
i really want a coke right now for some reason.
i believe netherlands will be playing a 5-3-2 so i think their attacking style will be limited.
for some reason i wasn't really impressed with either team. apart from the mistake the ref made in the penalty. neither team really had a lot of chances. both teams easily made it to the opponents penalty box at times but they were missing the finishes. 

i think david luiz made some very important blocks later in the game for brazil, to me he was one of the most important on the pitch. 

as for the controversial calls, 

i do believe julio cesar was fouled and the goal shouldn't have counted. 
penalty was non existent. 
50/50 on the late foul that lead to the 3-1 goal. looked a lot worse in real time than it did in the replays.

do i agree with the overall score? no

can i complain about it? no, because the only goal croatia could come up with was an own goal, sadly from one of my favorite players. (rm follower).

overall it was a so-so start to the world cup, a lot will be talked about the refereeing that's for sure.
i would put money on a red card shown in this game if the 2010 final is anything to go by
the problem i have with people saying the penalty wouldn't have affected the outcome of the game is the fact that second place for group a will be a very close call. even if croatia would've lost, that extra goal in goal difference (now -2 for them) could be the difference between them advancing or another team tied on points with them.

 

i'm mexican so this result favors us but i still could not bring myself to celebrate that penalty the reff pulled out of his ass.
http://www.weather-forecast.com/maps/brazil?symbols=none&amp;type=lapse
good to see a good guy lineker in there, magical tournament for him. the next in italy was probably one for him to forget (embarrassment reasons)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2r1qabw5v_w
yeah... i'm not sure i remember the netherlands as ever being an attacking team. they played it dirty last wc finals.

they were all about defense and fast breaks.
maybe this can help:

https://vine.co/v/mjujtqvyp3g
and yet they still can't get penalties right
this was a brave decision.  
not a lot would do something like this.
if his heart isn't there then it isnt there. 
and i agree with what he said about how football has become sour and robotic. it is pushing people like david away, people who love the game for the game.
as wilson says in his first sentence: neymar was trying to do everything. i think he needs to be careful with this. in that game he looked like he so wanted to be the centre of attention, to be the main man, that in future it could reduce his effectiveness. i say in future becuase i had typed out it reduced his effectiveness in that game but then again he did score two goals.  
  
one of the main things that has been said about neymar from his first season at barcelona is how humble he has been, how happy to play second fiddle to messi and not be the main man, not always go for goal and try and do everything himself. i worry that with so much pressure and expectation on him, he might feel that he has to try and score everytime he has the ball. could come back to haunt him if he misses opportunities to pass when other players are in better positions.   
  
to be fair to the guy, we're all sitting here saying he didn't have a great game he has come out of the game as the matchwinner with two goals. it's also only the first game of the tournament and him and brazil should have time to grow into the tournament.
they're credited with inventing total football, they're entire footballing identity is built around creative, attacking play. they were criticized for giving up those ideals in the last world cup.
officiating was horrible. strength of croatia overlooked by everyone. this is a  talented team and they were missing one of their best players. i felt brazil looked very nervous given the huge spotlight and didn't play to their full potential, obviously croatia played a role in that. due to their history, people associate brazil with being a superpower, but that's not the case with this team. talented, but very thin at striker position. they have the potential to reach the semis, but that's it. not as impressed with neymar as everyone else,supremely talented yes, but very slight and way too prone to diving. oscar is the engine for this team, and an exceptional one at that.
i can see a low scoring game, spain hogging possession (so controversial!) and the netherlands mainly playing on the counter. should be a really interesting game, if not incredibly exciting. 
spain attack sure, but it's like watching a metronome that occasionally stabs you in the eyes.
a 5-3-2 can still be a good attacking formation in my opinion, especially when the two wingbacks advance forward. for example juve uses the same formation and they are never lacking in the goals department. 

anyway,  i feel that the formation itself isn't as important as how the manager utilises it. the 5-3-2 will only be as offensive or defensive as van gaal wants it to be. 
i think the first half will be especially cautious, considering it's the first game so nerves can play a role. i expect spain to hold a lot of possession deep.  but play will open up a bit more in the second half. 
that might be true, but i would say that spain plays the total football style much better than their "inventors."

it's not about having a style that wins anyway, it's about applying the right strategy towards the right team. you can't play "total football" against spain, because you'll probably give them room to score 5 on you. however, you could probably play "total football" against a team whose players' technical ability is lesser from yours. 

that's probably the reason that the netherlands went with a disruptive, dirty play style. they knew they couldn't beat spain any other way. the current dutch team doesn't have the players to support the "total football" system either, imo.
doesn't this go without saying? 

headline:  2014 is more advanced than 2010.  *or even 2006!*
during yesterday's game it was around 21°c

but brasil is huge and has several climate zones. manaus is much hotter and more humid.
we have venues for a couple more sports than baseball, fyi.  there are  football (soccer) stadiums in addition to american football stadiums.  plenty of time to additions to either for more seating or pull up the turf and put in real grass.  

it's easily feasible.  
you don't seem to take into account they didn't score themselves. momentum works both ways and swings within a game between teams, it's not always in one direction. 
summed up nicely, definitely agree with a team counterattacking brazil as it's weakpoint.
okay, i've just read on guardian, they're alleging that its because he refused to be questioned by the ethics commission regarding the qatar inquiry. 
or fucking offsides.
go go go you spaniard twats
so what role was he playing in the wc election process?

regardless, refusing to answer questions makes him look very dodgy
yeah but it could also have been a better clear. if we are going hypotheticals that brazil wouldn't score and croatia was going to play offensive as they did after the pk then we can say the clear could have been better. i think the fair result would of been a tie or a simple win from brazil but croatia looked very comfortable with the tie until brazil went one up.
can anyone give me some insight on the dutch defenders? 
it would be ridiculous to remove it. the whole point of it was to prevent attacking players "goalhanging". if it was removed attackers would just push all the way up the field and teams would play route one more often, it would make games far less entertaining as it would force defensive lines to drop way back. i can't believe you'd suggest it should be scrapped because it causes controversy. the law needs to be implemented correctly, not just removed because people can't get it right.

brazil got an unfair penalty yesterday, should we remove penalties as well? it diminished the entertainment of the game for me because i preferred it when it was 1-1

&gt;planned to be abolished but never was

i don't think that's true

&gt;even in hockey after removing this rule it seems so much more entertaining

hockey and football are barely comparable sports.
nope....some coverage is and some post and pregame coverage you have to log in but the games are absolutely free

edit: also to use the app you need subscription but through browser its free
there is still an offside rule in hockey. 
i disagree. offsides have to kept in the game. as /u/tim-sanchez said, all you would have is attackers goal hanging while teams play route one football. the entertainment value would go right down. 
the mls is trying to become more appealing to european players by getting star players like villa and beckham, there is a possibility that he might join the mls at some point in time. 
from what i have heard and read david bentley had a terrible attitude and lacked a lot of professionalism that's required at the top level nowadays. i believe this was a forced decision rather than a brave one... i don't think any top level side would want him and i think he probably has too much ego to play at championship or league 1 level. i'm sure he's accumulated a nice sum of cash during his playing/sitting on the bench days so money is not going to be a big issue for him.
i think spain wins 2-1, i disagree that it will be a slow game though. i think holland will play fast on the break and spain will be deliberate and hold the ball
hope there'll be less cards at least, i don't know a much about football but i remember the violence from the 2010 finals. especially that kick from de jong.
as an american i believe that the united states should host a world cup again the last time the us hosted a world cup was 1994 and soccer was not as popular as it is today.
england haven't hosted it since 1966 which sucks. yes though the us would be a huge improvement over qatar and who knows maybe you guys will be ready in time and not kill hundreds of workers like jolly old qatar.
they wouldn't give it to england. they hosted the olympics recently. surely they wouldn't allow the same country to host the olympics and world cup in such a short time.
yeah, those refs can't see for shit. terrible calls. absolutely terrible.  along with the bad call from yesterdays brazil game. hopefully the refs fix their game.
brazil are hosting the 2016 olympics...
that was the joke . . . 
h-hello?
hi. i think the mega-threads of /r/soccer are useless.

no one sees or cares about 99% of the comments there.

a smaller thread should be be more fun.
i am so absolutely excited for this. we might be seeing the side that will win all of the 4 major international tournaments since 2006. (of wich they have been eligible to win.

it might just be the most dominant international side in history. and we get to witness it.
[my bad.](http://i.imgur.com/efydx0j.png) but seriously it's a fucking joke. england have all the necessary facilities and stadiums and we extremely successfully hold the olympics, but we get 2 out of 22 votes. fifa for you i guess.    
any link for live stream ?
/r/stream_links 
2008* italy won the world cup in 2006 spain won the euros in 2008.
yeah, that's why i said 'since 2006'.
anyone feeling like this stadium isn't as packed as it should be for this monumental match?
ohh, flashes of robben in 2010.
hey, this is happening. let's see how it goes i guess!
really? oh.
i haven't really followed him that closely to have heard all that. but then if that's the case, it's quite sad. 
but all the best to him still in whatever he is doing. 
there have been four world cups since that tournament. on what planet would it make sense for it to go back to the usa already? england would host the perfect world cup.. we need to get rid of blatter and platini first though!
busquets being his usual self.
there's only one concrete ron! hoping the dutch win since i cannot abide tika-taka
*sigh* here we go again. refs hating on the dutch
your vlaar has been doing work today!
it's extremely hard for teams to come back after spain take the lead.

i'm quite sure spain will win now.
didn't we get something like 100 out of 100 on a "can they host the world cup" survey 
once again.. fuck the refs who call penalty on divers.

edit* well karma's a bitch, 3-1 :)
edit 2: 4-1 
edit 3: 5-1!

wow that's a long time to go without private jets, luxury hotels and hookers. 
what were your feelings about that call?


i thought he went down a little easy, but that was kind of a sloppy tackle attempt inside the box.
not nearly as bad as yesterday's though!  

i don't think it was a penalty really. seemed like a dive.
costa slipped after he puts his foot on the leg of the dutch player. wasnt a penalty..
rather quiet than the toilet that is /r/soccer at the moment.
yeah. his foot definitely came down on the defender's leg, but it didn't look like it was enough to bring him down. 

*heavy sigh*

spain's fans will say it was the right call, the dutch fans will say it was the worst call they've ever seen...

happy world cup everyone!  
i thought it was a penalty in real time but after the replay you can see that it's not a penalty. i can't blame the ref on this one he doesn't get to use slow mo replay with different angles sadly
its a tough call cause the ref is so far away and the play happens so fast.

on my first view of it thought it was a penalty.

on replay it clearly wasn't.

sucks for holland though..... really shouldn't have been a call, but i have a tougher time blaming this ref than the ones in the other two games.
this is a bigger joke than esports, sorry.

edit: downvote me all you want. something that isn't broken doesnt need fixing, i get that. but this game is broken, and there are so many easy ways to fix this yet fifa refuses to do anything.
wow. incredible. incredible pass, incredible run by rvp and beautiful finish.
rvp, you fucking beauty!
what a goal!
ref never should call a penalty unless they saw the foul
superman
signed!
easy to say, harder to do.

the sport really needs instant replay or something.  the game is too fast now for one referee.
half-time thoughts?
that is very true! lasers for offside and review on penalty foul, thats all i ask.
the dutch have a reputation of playing rough and hard, and every referee punishes them for it. with every collision the spanish abuse it by diving like a bunch of girls.
thats got to be one of the best header goals of all time. i've never seen anyone loop a header like that. 
beautifully shaped match. some controversy but hey it's not the world cup without it, love that the match is still very much alive.
amen. in the ass
what a fucking goal... is all i can think.

seriously though, sticking with my pre-game pick of 2-1 spain.  they have the possession, if holland is able to win it will need to be a counter at like the rvp goal.
yeah, the rvp goal really kicked things up a gear.
its just frustrating really. i just dont get why they reward diving so much.
i'd rather you didn't slate another sub. we're quite different from that one- much quieter for starters- but there's no bad feeling between us that i know of, and i wouldn't want it to start.
yeah, spains penalty was just another example of a bad call imo
i think if the events happened in opposite order (header followed by penalty) we'd all have a much more bitter taste in our mouths but as it is, really good game for the neutrals so far.
anyone else pissed off with 5live trying to shoehorn england into every damn conversation instead of talking about the game in progress?

edit: also calling netherlands holland. it's like saying catalonia v netherlands 
http://gfycat.com/flimsyessentialirishredandwhitesetter

that's a good angle of what happened. costa is unable to put his foot on the ground. so, agree or disagree with the decision made by the ref. but it's not a dive. 
personally i feel either japan or australia should get it, i'd love england to get it but with russia hosting it in 2018 it would be unrealistic
hah. great stuff.
2-1 netherlands, hope you didn't bet on that result!
daley blind is demolishing the spanish cbs!
what another great goal.
2 -1 netherlands, now. both incredible goals. holland is definitely gaining back on possession.
that was an absolutely brilliant goal by robben. 2 beautiful goals for the netherlands.
remove paella
chile and australia.
"he looked at me, better hold my head and fall down."

i see robben has been teaching well.
i'm not a spanish supporter? lol, i just found your comments about it being a dive loaded and over the top. 
come on netherlands! rack up that goal difference
what a scoreline.
huge! spain have looked rattled the entire 2nd half. 
3 - 1 netherlands! hup holland hup!
fuck me, this is a brilliant match. one to remember!
definitely not what i thought it would be. a truly brazilian tournament.
come on casillas...
amazing! would never have guessed a 4-1 result to the netherlands! 
can't spell spain without pain.
unbelievable...
never expected something like that from casillas.
wanna hear a joke?

casillas.
this is an amazing match. i'm german, i shouldn't be rooting for the netherlands, but seeing spain implode like this is beautiful.
wonder what the odds were on that scoreline? it's not finished though, so there could be a few more goals in this match.

dutch fans seem to be enjoying themselves at the ground. 
eff that, i'm dutch and i root for germany (and for the netherlands a bit). deutschland weltmeister 2014!!!! ;)

though i live near the border (somewhat), have gone on holiday to germany on average twice a year all my life and both my parents love schlagers and i kind of like them too every now and then, so i'm not representative of the entire netherlands ;).
5-1 :)
oh my god. oh my *god*!
i actually feel sorry for him, he looks so sad now.
sucks to a spanish fan right about now.
robben is god.
concrete ron!
same here, glad spain isnt winning
alfredo di stefano. have to live up to my username somehow. also played for colombia and spain.

for some more greats that make one seem cool, i'd have to mention tom finney. not sure if anyone's said ferenc puskás yet, but he'd surely deserve more than one mention.
you don't seem interested in actually talking about it and just keep quoting the score. have a good one. 
beautiful to see this. if only england could get a result like this against anybody.
the problem for the dutch now is that they've gone into this competition with no expectations, and it looks like that lack of pressure is working wonders for them. wonder if that'll change now! surely it'll be hard for dutch fans to contain themselves after *this*...
5 - 1, what a game.
yeah thanks buddy. nice call. 
*that* is how you outclass the reigning world champs! *that* is how you win a game!
bye spain!
damn. i was thinking netherlands would put up a good match today but never thought it would be a massacre like this. 

wonder if they can keep up this form throughout the world cup
5-1, http://i.imgur.com/pdnzyod.gif
this is a slaughter.
australia hasn't hosted it ever. they have the infrastructure, the stadia and a growing fan base. by 2022 the a-league will surely have expanded significantly.

also, the australians have two olympic games under their belt, in two different cities, and they're hosting the 2017 rugby league world cup (which will attract massive crowds over there). why not australia?

that said, they only got one vote in the bidding process. the usa was the second choice.
knakker, dan ga je toch fijn aan de andere kant van de grens wonen. pff
man, you're a fucking idiot, my family is a mix of dutch, english,  irish and italian. i wasn't supporting spain, i was just trying to show that there's a logical argument that it was a penalty and not a dive. 
so can we all agree to this?

#rekt
5-1, you mean.
yeah an amazing game, would have loved to know the odds of a 5-1 win to the netherlands before the game! 
&gt; you can't play "total football" against spain, because you'll probably give them room to score 5 on you.

would you like to revise that, ha!
haha yup, 5-1 in the end! it was 4-1 when i made the comment :) 
i was expecting the netherlands to lose, if we were to have gotten knocked out in group stage i would have cheered for germany :(
slow and boring, for sure ;)

5-1!!!!
all dutch matches are streamed on nos.nl 
couldn't have asked for a more exciting grudge match!
weakest team???
olé!
the first goal by van persie. f*cking amazing pass, perfect header. i just need to say it right now: in your face spain!!
absolutely amazing, goalfest's like that can only be good for the great game. i think i need to watch the chile v australia game just to calm me down...
who could even imagine something like this?
http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/27844658 ...it is a fifth!
the goalkeeper might want to retire. casillas has been off his game for a while now. unfortunately, his time is done now.
i know, what a great great finish. he leapt like a salmon to claim that, can always rely on rvp
his save from robben's volley was pretty good, but he did make a lot of mistakes, especially for rvp's second. i'd say del bosque will make a number of changes to the team for the next game, he kinda has to.
definitely an over exaggeration, but there was a headbutt in there.
i must applaud the unsung hero here...the ref had a great game. champions league final ref and didnt put a foot wrong imo
that's a great angle of the tackle, thought it was a dive until i saw that.  cheers
he made the notion, but i didn't see any contact.
lol
about the penalty:  i'm dutch and everyone i've spoken with agreed with the arbiter. in fact, i want to applaud the arbiter and flag people for not making one single mistake
 and allowing the game to progress.

also, nobody here would've thought this was possible. most people already accepted an inevitable loss.
well the coach thinks it more as a 3-5-2 system (he said it a couple of times in the news) where the pressure would come from the flanks.  
it's the netherlands. holland is a part of the netherlands. 
just watched the game as a dutchie in málaga (irony, yeah). i can't sodding believe what happened. i was estatic when we went into rest, how was this recovery possible? i jokingly texted my spanish coworkers "2-1 the dream is real" expecting the dutch to get slaughter later in the second half. i couldn't dare dream 5-1. i still can't grasp what happened.

i just bloody can't wait to get back to work on monday :-)
i hope you keep it up for the world cup, i'm enjoying the change!
well, i can guarantee you that not a single person in the netherlands won a poll with that prediction.
games like these are what make the world cups so special
correct, just used to calling them holland..
perfect description of that amazing leap! if you look closely at the replay of his jump, it looks like he kisses the ground when he lands.
that's what i'm looking forward to as well, a nice boring scoreless draw.

/s
never know in the world cup...im going for a chile 2-0 alexis sanchez fgs!
actually multiple members of the team mentioned that in the dressing room after the match everybody switched their state back to focussed (with of course room to celebrate after such an amazing match)
spain got completely obliteraited in the second half. 5-1 against the world champion. nobody expected that in a million years. amazing game. robben mvp for me personally. this is the goal of the match: http://gfycat.com/scareddrearyarkshell
there was contact. 
they're lucky it wasn't 6 or 7.
a guy i know has all games correct so far in our pool... how do you even predict a 5-1 lol
revenge kills are more points right?
it makes sense for the us to do it. we have the space and infrastructure to support it with ease. and with soccer popularity on the rise in the us, even if there aren't tons of americans filling up the stadiums. that leaves plenty of room for more the rests of the world cup to watch their teams live. there's still 8 years to really decide so i doubt they're in a huge hurry at the moment to make a decision on that with the current world cup going on. but it wouldn't surprise me at all if they allow the us to host it. 
i absolutely loved the second goal from robben, blisteringly fast and made the collection of ramos/casillas/pique look silly.
&gt;so what role was he playing in the wc election process?

pretty much nothing beside being part of the group of 22 men/women who vote where the wm would be held.
i've never particularly liked spain. i've always thought tiki-taka was boring and their gamesmanship really annoyed me. i'm glad to see they've been found out. given barcelona's performance over the past couple of years, they should have seen it coming and i'm glad they did in this fashion. i was impressed by the energy from the dutch, they come into this as dark horses and they could do well.
ron vlaar has been a part of the dutch team for a few years now, no big impact to be honest. he had an amazing season a while back under louie van gaal back with az. the other three defenders are very similar in carreers. they all got recruited by the youth training for major clubs (ajax, feynoord), played in the national dutch youth teams. 

only daley blind also happens to be the son of former dutch defender and current assistant coach danny blind. 

&gt; this is the goal of the match: http://gfycat.com/scareddrearyarkshell

when i see that video, [i can only hear this](http://audiosoundclips.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/dolphinsound.mp3).
in 2022 there would be 6 world cups between 1994 and that date.
soooo...
luckely isn't this synchronised swimming and diving doesn't win you matches.
that was definitely robben's revenge for missing that huge shot in the finals four years ago.
well you got what you hoped for :p
only whine-asses whine over this fact. holland is used to call the netherlands. it is just more easy.
[ren](http://i.imgur.com/bcqrsh6.jpg)
[here's]
(http://theworldgame.sbs.com.au/sites/sbs.com.au.theworldgame/files/2014%20fifa%20world%20cup%20sbs%20broadcast%20schedue.pdf)
one, although it is biased (a lot) towards australians. this does not bother me as i am australian. happy world cup!
vlaar was so good today, he saved us the first half.
depends... if robben can keep his form
just saw a bit of coverage on german tv. he claims that he requested a translation of the question and fifa refused that. 
since fifa's headquarters are in zurich that sounds a bit strange. surely someone could have translated them?
 
german tv is also a bit suspicious why this is happening right now, while blatter and his friends are neck deep in corruption allegations. could be a diversion.

who knows, fifa sucks pretty hard right now.
shouldn't imagine anyone who watched that match will ever forget it, never mind the players on the receiving end.
the dutch reallu don't mind if you call it holland or the netherlands.
am dutch i call it both.
good old england thrashed them 7-1 in the 30's haha since then im not too sure if they have taken a defeat like that 
whoosh..
i couldn't have been more wrong. nor more happy to be wrong.
it was a huge result, you're right 5-1 is a dream score. maybe after the loss in '10 there was a real motivation to demolish spain when they had their chances!
200-1 from ladbrokes! 
interesting use of words to describe the referee and linemen! hah, but thanks for your input mate. interesting that you thought the netherlands would lose, any reason you say that? you had an amazing qualifying run in the lead up to the world cup.
as a chilean, i was hoping we would be very dominant throughout the match, but watching our shaky defense makes me think we won't stand a chance against spain or netherlands' strikers. lets hope chile and the socceroos both qualify :d
hoooooly shit haha, well, if anyone was confident enough to make the bet, it sure paid off!
hahahaha to see chile and australia qualify out of the group would be hilarious! i was impressed with australia managing to hold their own after conceding two goals so quickly, and once they had scored, looked much more confident. really interesting to see how the rest of the group plays out!
much of europe still calls it holland
uh what? you don't touch the keeper in the 5 meter box. if you jump right into him, while he tries to catch a ball, that's a definite foul.
you first say you agree with the penalty and then you explain what you see in a way where the only mistake that was made is by the spaniard putting his foot on the dutchman's ankle, maybe he didn't fake his fall but in no way is there any mistake from the dutch there.

basically everone in the netherlands thought that we would lose because we were on a bit of a losing spree, and the wound from 4 years a go when they beat us in the finally still hurt (especially with the 2 big fails from robben and the correctly given penalty that was for the netherlands that was recalled after the judge talked with the lineman.) but the spirit is there again and just maybe this will be our year.
haha wat een zieke dildo ben jij zeg
and can probably be watched by using the hola unblocker plugin for chrome and firefox, set to the dutch dns setting.

the stream of channel nederland 1 on npo.nl should also work with hola.
glorious

thanks very much! happy world cup and hup holland! 
edit: ahhh it won't print the whole thing!
4 years ago everything was expected from them and they played gloriously until in the final game robben and the judge failed us miserably, if the judge did his job right or if robben played as usual (or even was replaced) we would have won that match.
i despise him a little bit less, but he failed us miserably twice against spain 4 years ago and if he didn't completely screwed up both of the times then we would be world champion.
we don't even play rough or hard, we are just big guys, so we don't get pushed around as much.
portugal and ghana aren't really superpowers of football. any group is group of death for the americans though. 
&gt; this is the goal of the year*

ftfy


i'm saying that the defender, by going to ground and sliding has created the situation of costa falling over. it's not that the defender has literally hit his legs, but has got under them. by sliding in (and not having any contact with the ball) when costa has put his rear leg down there is a defender stopping him from doing so as he's still moving from the tackle. 

interesting that most dutch fans are saying they weren't expecting a good result, even though in terms of the competitive matches (not friendlies) in the lead up, you took 28 of a possible 30 points. eitherway, huge result, really not looking forward to netherlands v australia hahha
i agree. shaky in defense, and some of our players looked absolutely spent by the end of the match. but that last goal could end up being decisive. 
they're probably the third best team so to move on they'd have to have a great game against germany or portugal which would be a surprise.
yes, it would be a huge upset. ghana knocked the us out of the tournament last time round and are one of the strongest teams from africa, whereas germany are many people's favourite to win the tournament and portugal are very strong too, especially if cristiano ronaldo is playing well. [here's a report from their last warm-up match;](http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/football/27383523) it was only against ireland, but even so it was a comprehensive victory that suggests they're playing well.
i get it, we're not that good when compared with the rest of the world.

my question is, would it be a major upset if the usa advanced? or no big deal?
at least you have the win to take into the match against spain, so a win in that match should see you through into the next round.
he slided in front of costa in the direction of the ball, it was clearly directed at the ball and even if not for an offence to be made it has to be directed at the player which is clearly was not. also costa could have put his foot everywhere except for on the defenders leg and everything would have been fine for him, he completely caused his fall himself.



it would be an upset definitively , a big one ? yes a huge one? no... , this is football , anything can happen especially during a world cup , it would be a huge upset if the usa would reach let say the semi finals ...
it would be a pretty major upset. germany and portugal (not a superpower?  seriously?) are ranked 2 and 4 in the current fifa rankings. the us is 13. while the numbers aren't the be all and end all of exactly how good a national team is, it says a lot how far apart the three teams are. not to mention the fact that the us qualified for the world cup via the concacaf region which is comprised of teams from north and central america. not exactly a challenging area. 

that being said, the us have a few decent players and stranger things have happened. but i don't see them making it beyond the group stages and i certainly wouldn't put any money on seeing them in the next round. 
i would agree with you if costa had looked down in some way and chosen to step onto the defender, but he didn't. he didn't cause the fall himself. there was another factor wasn't there? there was a defender sliding on the ground. 

if he had put his rear leg down and missed the defender, maybe he would have shot, or passed, or maybe he'd be too slow and the covering defender would have reached him, we don't know. my point is, he was unable to do any of these because the defender was sliding and caused him to fall over. 
i really don't know anything about it, but i want to watch it with some degree of knowledge..thanks for the link!
no expectations? weren't they #2 last time?
as a first time world cup watcher, thank you!
ah, i see why everyone's calling it the "group of death" (2 and 4 vs 13)...thanks for spelling it out!
yeah, but this is a very different looking team now - and keep in mind their horrific performance at euro 2012. from what i've heard a lot of the dutch fans accept that not making it to the knockout stage is a possibility.
ahaha that sound is perfect 
thanks, that's what i wanted to know!
i agree, i was hopeful that they would give it to australia as it is always interesting to see the game really grow in a country over the course of a month.

the united states will hopefully have an aspect of this too if this comes to fruition but it's never as powerful as the first time.
sounds about right. 
read again. i never mentioned germany. portugal is no way in hell a superpower of football unless you take those fifa rankings seriously. 

i dont know man. as far as i know, a group of death would have to comprise of atleast 3 teams in a group of 4 where the 3 teams can all beat each other on their day. it would be an upset if ghana/us beat portugal/germany. so no. not a group of death. 

still it is costa's mistake he stepped on the leg. it was his action and he should suffer the consequence, if anything the defender should get a free kick for being stepped on that is breaking the rules stepping on someone, sliding at the ball is not breaking the rules in any way. whether or not made the conscious decision of stepping on the leg here doesn't matter the thing is  still that he broke the rules and the defender didn't.
i can see that, thanks for the input.

edit: but the 2nd and 4th ranked teams in the world? wouldn't it spell death for the other teams (usa/ghana)?
spain got rekt. 
we were good. technically way behind, bu the effort was right up there.
i think the boys put their heads down after the first goal, but good to see them fight back after the second.
i'm also australian and think we deserved a draw, we had the better of the second half. in saying that, over 90 minutes the better team probably won.
we lost no respect though!
thats usually the case with all groups. two teams that are expected to go through and 2 other mediocre teams. 
http://i.minus.com/ihrsp9cog0lws.gif
the penalty was a disastrous mistake by the ref, yet another.
the way he made cassilas crawl was so good, humiliating
robin van persie: the flying dutchman

lmao
dfgdfhfgvjhg
wanna hear another?

spanish defense.
well, it will be in 2022 so maybe you already have a huge fanbase by then. and if not, it's a wc, people will attend to games for sure, even if they don't follow football.
everyone from the netherlands i know calls it holland.
the fifa ranking doesn't mean anything.
netherlands are lower than us on that list.
wanna bet on how a match between usa and netherlands will end?
hahhaha fantastic
ok ok ok....i realize what you guys r saying.....but seriously does the so called offside trap seem legit? it just seems wrong, maybe offside rule shouldn't be scrapped but at least they can modify it somehow.
to be honest, australia played better than i thought they would, so credit to them. would have been pretty amazing if they'd equalised with some of those great opportunities. it was a great showing of determination thought, not that you'd really expect much less. 
for those who are interested in the difference:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc
it was actually in van persie's face...
where can i find the picture in the thumbnail? 
haha, geweldig!
hollaaaaaannndd!!!!
&gt; en ooit stak van gaal de pyreneeen over met leeuwen.

prachtige poëzie. 
that's an amazing 360 picture on that web page!
any ideas on how they take them?
i could not see anyone holding the device taking the picture.


as much as i would like it to be in the us. i feel mexico needs the wc to get people united and get most of the cartel under control if they can.
the dutch team did not play well. especially the defence was and is lacking. the coach is getting a bad rep for selecting players mainly from feyenoord for the defence. i personally believe that this was the key to a good organized defence.
a vicious assault on the defenders ankle and then flopping. lesser people would have screamed on the ground for what the rat costa did. 2x yellow makes red.
that jack van gelder is such a good commentator. he really got famous on the goal of [dennis bergkamp in 1998](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe3hnzm12di). 
japan already co-hosted with korea in 2002 though.
after seeing spain fail so hard today, its proved yet again that there is no way to calculate or predict sport results.

hashtagyolo
my local bruna had little cards with scores on them you could use to bet. 7 of them had spain winning, 3 had a tie, and 4 had the netherlands winning. not a single one had a 5 on it for either team.
although i would definitely go to a world cup in the usa
*4th, ghana are way better.
nailed it
give it to scotland.....




it may be the only way we qualify :(
in my defense i don't think anyone expected that. 
it's because it's the british media and press who began covering the fifa corruption, i'm sure of it! the fifa top boys hold a bitter taste in their mouths and they extract their revenge by lying and cheating us out holding the 2018 world cup.

even if we weren't gonna get it (although we were odds on favourites), with all the clear bribery and underhand tactics going on for 2022, it's so entirely plausible the same happened for 2018 in russia.

i'm unconvinced by parts of this analysis. the conclusion that refs try to even out penalties relies on the premise that a penalty should be awarded independently of earlier ones. but opportunities for penalties (credible scoring opportunities in the box) are affected by strategy, strategy is affected by the score, and the score is affected by earlier penalties. a team that's been awarded a penalty has an increased chance of being ahead, often leading to a more defensive strategy and fewer credible scoring opportunities in the box.

the conclusion that refs are generally biased toward the home team is a bit more convincing, but again, it's possible that differences in both strategy and execution by home and visiting teams play a role. if home teams actually play better they may have more opportunities to win penalties or commit fewer fouls. in any event, normalizing the penalty counts to some reasonable measure of opportunity would strengthen the case.
http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/matches/round=255931/match=300186512/index.html
ok, assuming you're being serious, yes, there is a usa team competing in the 2014 world cup in brazil.

i'm not in your country, but i would suggest you check your tv listings for details.

for your information, the usa are in a group with germany, portugal and ghana, and your first game is on monday 16th june, vs ghana.

yup i asked my dutch friend and he told me the same.
chile has a much better team than australia. they could've won by more. 
would make sense why fifa gave the world cup to two countries with poor to dismal human rights.  
this one was also a crazy commentary by jack van gelder, when [the netherlands beat brazil in south africa] 
(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuwl2ecpbvs)

he went mental on the last goal, he said things like sneijder is 10 inch tall

to be fair to spain, they're not exactly 'out', - yet.  they've just made their progression much, much harder.

still 2 more group stage games to go.

it isn't the real "group of death" as there are a couple of groups that are more dangerous, but considering the history of ghana agaisnt usa, it would be a monster upset for usa to get out of that group let alone get to the quarterfinals
i am only commenting because your question seems sincere and you are getting a pretty wide smattering of random information. typically, a world cup group of death is one in which three teams are expected to advance from the group stage. the us media tends to call our group the group of death every year because of some kind of martyr complex. 

group g is a tough group. all four teams made it out of their groups in 2010, but germany is the true stand out. the only 'monster upset' would be germany not advancing. all rankings aside, the current german team has an established record of excellence. this team is saturated with exceptional players and deep with talent. many of their bench players would be walk- ons for other national teams. they tend to play a methodical and aggressive attacking style and as stated by several people they are widely expected to at least be in the semi finals. it would be a major collapse for them to go home early.

portugal is a different story. they are lead by cristiano ronaldo, the current holder of fifa's best player of the year award. this team is fast and technical with loads of flair even when you take your eyes off cristiano. these guys can be scary good on their day, but they also have a tenancy to turn in lethargic and uninspired performances. fifa ranks them at 4th in the world and yet, they barely qualified for this world cup twice drawing against isreal (ranked 78th), drawing northern ireland (ranked 90th) and losing to russia (ranked 18th). the 5-1 victory that chive linked you to was against 70th ranked northern ireland. you never seem to know which portugal team will show up on game day and they do seem to struggle with higher end opposition. they haven't beaten any team ranked as high as the us since 2012.

ghana is another team that is hard to pin down. they are ranked 37th by fifa, but tend to over perform in africa and under perform in outside competitions. they are full of bright young talent and play a typically african athletic and physical game. earlier this year they lost to 54th ranked montenegro, but then handily beat 55th ranked south korea this month. the big deal with ghana is that they have become an american bogey. they have knocked us out of the last two world cups in hard fought and gut wrenching games.

now a word about the fifa rankings - they are virtually meaningless. they are essentially a measure of how well the team has played in the past and are fairly unreliable at that. the math is deeply flawed and to skip a technical explanation these rankings don't tell you much about how two team will match up against each other.

on to our chances. the us is coming into this world cup off of our best year ever. we have a team with technical skill, athleticism and determination. we also tend to make more than our fair share of unforced errors in defense. we can and should beat ghana. lots of people will tell you that 'ghana has our number' and that they are 'way better.' these things are simply not true. neither of our two world cup losses to ghana we crushing. both games could have gone the other way and we are a better team now than in those competitions. that being said - sloppy play could still hurt us because ghana are not at all a bad team.

we can and may beat portugal. this game could go either way, but i do not see it ending as a draw (which a lot of people are hoping for.) whichever team dictates this match will win. they are scary fast on offense, but tend to give up soft goals. if we can mark out ronaldo and control the midfield a win is completely reasonable. the last time portugal laughed at the us in the world cup we sent their golden generation home.

we can, but wont beat germany. this is a foe beyond our skill level. on any given day a performing german squad will beat us without some sort of sensational storyline. (this can't happen in the world cup, right spain?) the big hope here is that germany pounds ghana and portugal. they would then come into our game already going through and be willing to play for a draw and potentially resting key players. if we are both on six points when we meet it could turn into a better game.

summation: we absolutely **must** beat ghana. a win against portugal will put us through. a draw may be enough with another point from germany. it really isn't crazy - the us going though would be less surprising than the 5-1 we saw yesterday. it can happen. it will happen.

this is clearly more than you wanted to read, but there it is.
appealing to the referee that the gaolscorer was offside
ouch man
jesus christ man, he was just giving us some insight from a neutral perspective.


they either want a foul or offside to be called.
guys... this is big news!
the football team is widely regarded as holland... even in the netherlands.
spain stopped playing tiki taka after they scored the penalty. that's really what killed them. game could have been close otherwise.
but instead of playing efficient passes, they started dribbling the ball up, started going for more direct passes, etc. and just gifting more time and possession to their opponents who had already proven they could be dangerous off long forward balls.

i thought the penalty was the right call. defender had no intention of fouling, but he missed his tackle and as a result caused the spanish player to fall. but even if you don't agree with the penalty, casillas was fouled on nl's 3rd goal, so i guess it evens out.
wanna hear another one ?

torres in front of goal.
usa '94 was the best wc for me.
i think he was trolling or has no clue what he is talking about.
seeing spain crumble like this was one of the most satisfying football moments in recent memory.

here's hoping chile knock them out of the group stages.
i consider both portugal and ghana to be stronger than the usa, but neither are great or unbeatable teams, advancing instead of one of them would not really be a monster upset, though finishing ahead of germany certainly would. 

and g is not really considered the group of death, group b(spain, holland, chile, australia) is mentioned a lot more often.
i'm sure there's some bias, but home teams getting more penalties is also down to the fact that they are playing at home, where teams usually play better (and consequently create more chances in the box).

as far as the 2nd penalty goes, if a team has the lead it will often lay back a bit, while the team being down will get more aggressive on offense. thus the team that was first awarded a peno will create less chances, while the other one will create more.
also, a team who's already conceded a goal from a penalty will probably be more careful when defending from then on, specifically to avoid that 2nd penalty.



the study is very much flawed and should weigh expected results with possession, time spent in the opponent's box, whether a team has the lead, number of shots, fouling rate, carded players, etc.
otherwise it's like expecting an even distribution of fts in a basketball game. ridiculous.
yeah, there have been a lot of distractions - first the allegations against michel platini and now this - possibly fifa's tactic for diverting the attention from themselves? 
hahahahahaha
group g isnt the group of death, because there are 2 poorer teams in that group. usa and ghana. the groups of death are b (spain netherlands chile) and d(italy uruguay england

edit: er
ive heard d being called the group of death a lot. is that just cus im from england?
true! when it was held here in sa it did wonders for the game and brought us together.
why not both?
watched it too here in spain in a bar as a dutch guy. the spaniards who were still there after the match joined the party, was a brilliant evening.
it differs between different dutch people. everyone has their own opinion on the matter.
i'm a dutchie and i'm fine with holland.
van persie's goal... im still drunk

probably, group d is not that strong. it's more of a death group for england because both uruguay and italy are, imho, definitely stronger, though costa rica is, in all friendliness, costa rica.
torres: 'anyone would've scored that'
costa: 'what a diving cunt that rvp'
&gt; omnomnomnomnom
almost all dutch were thinking of a loss but praying for a draw against spain a maybe win against australia not really sure about chilli (?).

to win from spain is a dream... people still actually think they're dreaming.

van gaal got a lot of crap during the practice matches from all so called experts about his new system and about the players who are mostly of the national competition (martins indi, de vrij, janmaat, cillissen, blind etc.). 
spain may be down, but they are not out. they will rise again...

http://thetomorrowbeckons.blogspot.com/2014/06/spain-is-down-but-not-out-it-will-rise.html

it's in the hope that the referee or linesman are considering not giving the goal due a rule infringement. the referee/linesman may not be sure about what happened, so the players hope that the sight of several players confidently claiming a 'rule infringement' will sway the opinion of the referee/linesman.
i'd much rather see ronald and jack do the commentary, they're so excited.
you guys are so cute. 

australia is in the real group of death at this years wc, having to face spain, netherlands and chile, who we just lost to 2-1.

a group with ghana and usa is hardly a group of death.
think it's a natural reaction from a defender, "how'd he get behind me for that one, surely he was offside!"
to give you the simplest answer possible , for a lot of football fans , "yes".germany are favorites ,portugal and ghana are expected to battle it out for the second spot .unfortunately people tend to forget that your country has a pretty decent side ,they are generally considered the underdogs and were they to make it through people would generally be upset that their favourites didnt but it would also be great in the sense that the underdogs came out on top and if usa makes it beyond the round of 16 it will make a great world cup story.
costa deliberately stretched his leg to put it on de vrij's leg. rvp showed him how to dive properly though.
thanks a lot, this was truly what i was looking for here...i appreciate your time!
so a country that hosted the world cup 20 years ago and football is called by the wrong name should get the world cup. while the country that invented the sport and have already waited 48 years to host another world cup are not favorites to host a world cup at short notice.

it's nothing personal, we just don't like you. :p
boohoo
offside trap isn't a rule, it's a tactic
well i was just making the point for the us. i'm sure there are tons of reasons why england could and should hold it. but my thing is just how easy it would be for us to hold it on short notice, it would probably go very smooth. and with the sheer size of the us everything could be spaced out nicer to accommodate more people comfortably.
what of fuck do i reading?

¯\\(°_o)/¯
&gt; over 3.2 million people at least viewed a minute of the world cup in 2010.

annnnd i think i'll stop right there.
a model of corruption launches an investigation into itself, what could go wrong?

franz probably saw the invitation from "the fifa ethics committee" and thought, "well that can't possibly exist in reality".
yeah, they use a poisson distribution as a benchmark - completely ignoring that the criteria for that flies completely against the reality of football.

the events(the penalties given) are not independent events separate from previous events. which basically all the paper proves.


addressed in a completely made up manner, mind you. the paper constantly sets up way too simplistic scenarios in order to get some numbers.
admittedly it was only a friendly but portugal made absolute mincemeat out of ireland (i'm irish ☹) a few days ago. ireland would be a team comparable to the us in terms of quality. 

i think it'd take a miracle to beat them. it would be a wonderful underdog story but i can't see it happening, much as i'd love to see ronnie [make the face](http://imgur.com/eoer2ld) it's a longshot.

as for germany, they're probably going to win the whole thing.
i know its a tactic! i'm saying it seems unfair, hence the offside rules should be modified....
wouldn't it be more unfair if the attacker just stood in front of the goalkeeper?
i'm watching the game again because espn has it on this morning and i'm baffled by what you just mentioned. you're absolutely right, after the penalty spain keeps trying long balls to diego costa and missing a lot of passes. i'd love to learn their passing accuracy numbers after the penalty, looks like the dutch kept possession too. 


magicarp uses splash, it's very effective!
he's probably the best dutch commentator, but he still makes me cringe a lot of the time when compared with british commentary.  
dutch commentators don't really offer a lot of insight in the match, just some anecdotes about the players and how they imgaine they feel, etc.  
he does offer a lot of hype though
5pa1n, yes you can.
that makes even less sense. the football team is regarded as holland?  that means that if i say i'm visiting holland i'll go to the football team? not a part of the country called the netherlands? 
ya....but trolling the attacker by offside trap also seems to be wrong, so there has to be some modification….in my opinion of course :|
well netherlands and spain are actual contenders for the title, but no one would put chile in with them
that was suppose to be 3.2 billion. thanks for pointing that out.
what on earth are you talking about? as in when people refer to them, they refer to them as holland. we watched holland play... holland won the game...
raising the arm is the signal that the linesman gives for an offside, i think its exactly like how corner backs (and defending fans) imitate the incomplete pass signal whenever there's a doubt as to whether the receiver has caught the ball.
yeah, except that you had it in 1994...  come on, it's the aussie's turn
and we all love vindaloo, england!
this happens all the time in serie a. hate it
the level of virginity in this video is out of this world!
[**@acmilan**](https://twitter.com/acmilan):
&gt;[2014-06-14 11:47:22 utc](https://twitter.com/acmilan/status/477779323097972736)

&gt;jeremy menez is a red&amp;amp;black player: he signed a contract until june 30, 2017. welcome jeremy! [#weareacmilan](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23weareacmilan)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/284wh8%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

i think many experts you refer to agree that van gaal was making the best out of what we have. the reason they give him crap is because of his limitless arrogance, lack of any self-deprecation and abusive behaviour.

the good part about his "character-flaws" is the awesome show we get out of this. he is [pure entertainment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4uj697uuao)
is there any place to get vods of these matches? i kinda missed that one and don't know where i could rewatch it.
misleading title...

he didnt answer because they wouldnt accept a german answer.
if i was in problems like these i wouldnt write them in my non native language either...
there's no finesse to it but there's something kind of fun about australia's brutish style
depends who's playing and who's the referee.
some grabbing and holding is allowed.

the goal is to have a free flowing game, so physical contact that doesn't significantly affect a player won't get called.
thanks man you just gave me so much more hope than i had for usa. i really thought we had no chance against portugal. let's go usa!!
what are you talking about?
omg i was afraid that link would be the 'juichen' one. 
but anyway loads of people gave him crap about for example the feyenoord defenders being to young to inexperienced wouldn't class up to other teams etc. same with the keeper cilissen 'he is an idiot he should put in .....' bla bla
yes
what counts for a foul and what doesn't is ackward. 

basically, the ref has to see it and it has to break the flow of the game. the ref has a lot of leeway and so each game is a bit different. you can even use your hands if you're sneaky enough. 

one reason players take dives is to force refs to call fouls, so its not always about being a wimp.
could have also been:

- [his hitler speech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om67tth1jzu)

- [his karate kick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9euflqbun0g)

- [or him giving shit to a journalist by saying "am i that smart or are you that dumb?"](http://youtu.be/syhupy7vm5e?t=27s)
when was this made? i can't recall any england team playing long ball 
to be fair, the british came up with the name soccer, and called it soccer far before the us did.
you got the commonwealth games
don't give up the ship until your neck gets wet, brother. we've got tough games ahead of us, but i believe our boys can do it. 
the italians have men in front of the ball? i call bullshit 
it can be, but it's not a non-contact sport- despite what some would have you believe- and so there's a certain amount of physicality allowed. it's very much at the referee's discretion and can depend on how blatant it is and how it affects the game.
i never said you did?  you said portugal isn't a superpower and i wholeheartedly disagree with that. ignoring fifa rankings completely i'd still put them in the top 5 teams in the world. 
a player's retirement is usually big news. but when it's announced during a world cup, it doesn't make the shockwaves that it should - people are preoccupied with the tournament.

when it's a player as mediocre as david bentley, who couldn't even warm the bench for tottenham and england, it surprises me that this even made headlines.

while his presence on a pitch may be missed by blackburn fans who've been in a coma for seven years, i doubt we'll even give him a mention other than "oh yeah, that guy! what happened to him?".
wow. read one last time. i claimed to never have said that germany isn't a superpower. i did however claim portugal isn't a superpower. at least not in football. top 5? how about 
germany 
italy
brazil
argentina
spain
holland
england
that's 7 already and i am not counting france. portugal is a good team but superpowers? fifa rankings is a joke. 
luckily for italy, sirigu is better than the starters for most countries
uruguay look beatable, which is encouraging for england...

speaking of which, costa rica just equalised!!
arsenal fans should be excited if they get joel campbell back at the club next season. first he shines in the champions league, now he scores at the world cup.
i can't believe costa rica are leading here, this is a disaster for uruguay if they don't come on top of this one.
wow you know less about football than you do about reading comprehension if you think france and england are still superpowers. thanks for the laughs!
french plan seems about accurate.
3-1! costa rica have got it in the bag - unbelievable 

this world cup is just getting better and better. first the netherlands, then colombia and now costa rica. this is absolutely delightful!
good game but this will be problematic for us, uruguay and suarez in particular will be coming in hungry for the win!
wow, this r/football version of the match thread is quiet compared with the r/soccer one. what a travesty! ;-) 

i must say, costa rica got what they deserved this evening. campbell is definitely the danger man that england need to keep quiet when they meet.
is suarez likely to be fully fit for the match? it's only five days away.
every 4 years.
that sucks lol
reports from some betting gurus, were suarez was 50-60% fit before this game. 
hmm, still could be iffy. i'd expect to see him on the bench though.
holding/grabbing is illegal, going by the text of the laws of the game.

but in reality it is a matter of evaluation by the ref. as a contact sport there are going to be a lot of incidents in the gray area that exists between whats on paper and what happens in reality.

there is holding and then there is holding - if that makes sense. :)
world cup every 4 years and european cup every 4 years. that gives us a big tournament every 2 years
much of holland calls it holland. heck most of our cheers use holland instead of nederland (dutch for "the netherlands")
should be a good game. italy's midfield is fantastic. they should control possession.

england has the speed and the counter attack.

i expect a fun match.
i hope so too! i've got my prediction down as 3-2 to italy, though we'll see how optimistic that truly was when the game gets under way.
totally. being dutch myself this is one of those games i will rewatch in years to come.
i think, 2-1 england.

but, this world cup has given us many surprises. so, should be fun!
very true, it seems surprises are aplenty this year!
does anybody know where to stream the match for free in the us?
try /r/stream_links 
phil neville's commentary is annoying me. wtf is up with him?
the wonders of modern medicine... 

hair transplant 
you were saying?
ohh man. 
england equalise!
did anyone see what happened to the physio? something in the celebration?
ebay.com
no idea what really happened. seems bad.
stur's celebration was *electrifying*. 
who was it that was carried of on the stretcher and why?
physio.
i can agree that it sucks that england has not hosted since '66 but the us has the stadiums that could comfortably host a world cup with no problem.
anyone see sturridge accidentally head-butt henderson?
he didn't really look like one of the players. how did he get hurt?
the physio *garry lewin*(sp?) got injured during the celebration.
i do not want to sound like an elitist, but the us had the stadiums and cities to host a better world cup. england could host a fantastic world cup, but in my own opinion i think the us could be a better host.
half-time thoughts?
australia could host a great world cup! 
i only live in a small english town but hearing the cheers come from the complete silence when sturridge scored was awesome.
gwan lads
i missed the first 25 minutes but what i first saw looked like england had the possession, that first goal surprised me then.

i wonder if buffon could have saved the england goal...
in my village i'm not that close to the pub but i could still hear the cheering, such an odd feeling.
dislocated ankle 
what a clean cut goal!
fuuuuuuuck
5 live we're claiming a dislocated ankle. 
we saw this as well troll face bbc changing the score for a second and writing goal on the screen 
you're joking right? england was really good this time and much better than euro 2012.
seems you got it the wrong way round.
best game so far in the world cup. both teams played great and fortunately it wasn't ruined by a bad referee.
i can only.  

talk in short sentences.  

because i don't know.  

what i should say next.  

and my microphone.  

is quite a lot louder.  

than the other chap.  

who is sat next to.

me.
what weirdo downvoted this?
sorry for being late, but get the plugin "hola better internet" from the chrome store, go to tvcatchup.com and set your country to the uk. you can watch every freeview channel, including all the football.
is it me or were england quite sloppy in the second half?
godammit
american who is anti-football because soccer.

english person who is pissed with the outcome of the game.

troll who gets the giggles from downvoting people.

number of possibilities.
they were exhausted. it really wasn't an optimal climate for football. thought they played really well until minute 65 or so
don't know why they downvote you, you're correct. until minute 65 they were impressive. the match died after that.
pirlo is definitely italy's core engine.
the italians didn't seem to be fazed as much. to me, england had many chances but they repeatedly screwed up. somebody tell the forwards that they're not playing rugby; too many shots went high.
i think he did it last year.
italy controlled a lot of the possession especially in the first half, i think they wore england down by passing the ball around.

since he stole it from italy's centreback
don't think bbc control the footage, only the commentary over it.
jerard?
that's what makes hockey so good! 
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/nfl 
i saw that. it is unfortunate :(
page not found.
it wasn't a goddamn dive. shit. if you want a dive, look up fred's.
man this was a fantastic game, what a world cup!
while watching with friends, we all thought it was a goal
lets face it: if france won the world cup again, it'd be less of a surprise than portugal winning the world cup seeing france has won a world cup before. the fact that we're even talking about portugal being among superpowers is so dumb. i dont know where you're from, but i've actually talked about this with guys who are originally from portugal at a bar for the england italy game and funny enough, they laughed at the idea of portugal being a superpower.

portugal will overachieve if they even make it to the semis this tournament.
assuming i know very little of football, here's what the expectations are for the winner of the tournament:

http://world-cup.betting-directory.com/odds.php

france well ahead of portugal as expected, surprised to england right below portugal though.
i also have to contend the formation england use in the illustration. it's just not 4-4-2 enough.
i disagree. all of england's big stadiums are already uefa approved for wc matches, it's a small country with excellent transport links - taking maybe 3 hours on the train from the furthest two stadiums.. everything needed is already there, it's perfect. plus - the passion for football in england would make it amazing, and bring in the most money for fifa.
9 places left
for the first time in ages they have actual creativity and more then 1 good striker. also they worked their socks of and weren't afraid to attack. now stop only using 2 midfielders because gerrard can't do that anymore.
wow thanks for the tip!
no, my girlfriend's sister is with you. she thought honda was hot. 
this was confirmed three days ago.
drogba broke his leg. i guess he has the right to scream
gerrard still gets blamed for everything. passing like a fucking wizard last night. "he's anonymous". i'm glad i'm not english 'cause i'd go on a fucking killing spree.
i don't blame him, i just think this system doesn't fit him, like lw doesn't fit rooney. he gets too much flak for some reason.
that's roy making world class players look like shit since 1976. i'm not fucking joking he started managing in 1976. 
yeah i assumed so, he seems a bit out of his league. still with this workrate and talent england should win the next 2 games.
i expect them to scrape through and once the english media start saying they're going to win they will implode in hilarious fashion.
one football writer grasping the nettle.
the dutch coach, louis van gaal is a mastermind.
are we going to rely on american sources about "soccer" now?
terrible refereeing so far, but deserved penalty.
goal-line technology worked exactly as it was meant to - don't see what the fuss is about
exactly. it was specifically introduced to eliminate the ambiguity in those situations, and that's exactly what it did. i can understand the honduran players and fans being pissed off, but it was the right call.
i thought the ref did well handing out the two yellows earlier in the match.

stamped his authority back on it when it was threatening to run out of control.
it feels to me as though there are other players now who can do as well. with that goal sturridge has now already bettered rooney's entire world cup performance. hodgson will need courage to drop him. lallana, barkley, oxlade-chamberlain are waiting.
goal line technology was very useful and used in a proper way. overall it was a great match.i think the referee couldve been a little more lenient in some situations (all the cards he took out)
mirror?
the answer has been and always will be, no.
i'm new to this too, but ive been told that italy's tactic is usually to get 1 up then run the clock out with short passes. 
awesome thanks!

the data is provided by opta, a european company. [here's more info about it on fivethirtyeight](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-people-tracking-every-touch-pass-and-tackle-in-the-world-cup/)


no problem, i use it to watch the us netflix. :)
that is the historical stereotype with italy. it made sense when they had world class defenders like maldini, baresi etc. the current italian team doesn't have the same quality of defenders, so don't expect that.
same as always then? english media need to realise our limit is quarter finals so should be happy with that but they never will be
group g isn't the group of death... group d is. they have england, uruguay and italia, and even though england is pretty much shit (sorry guys, but you can't play, at least not in an international competition -*coughcough* uefa euro yyyy) it is the group with strongest teams. with deutschland and portugal in it, no one expects the usa to pass...
hi, i made a skit about supporting england during the world cup. i hope you enjoy.

-p
no.
"sorry, this media is not available in your territory." can't read the article if you're from brazil, makes sense right?
wasn't doing anything, this is how spain/barca played, the dutch just exploited this weakness. 
it's a video.
wasn't entirely his fault. the defenders made his job hell.
you should xpost this to r/dataisbeautiful
they were emulating the barcelona game plan which failed in this case. high risk high reward. in this case, the risk played out.
try [this](https://hola.org/).
it looks like a good tool, but it didn't work on bbc's website, don't know why. but thanks anyway, i'm probably going to use it in the future.
i had exams. check out the site. its mine, so criticism would be appreciated.
danny murphy, "defender". that explains why we never did well, i always thought he played more midfield 
apologies. i would suggest a better title in the future, "fabregas to chelsea" makes it sound like a new announcement, but if you're providing analysis you should have said.
master138.com adalah agen bola, taruhan bola, bandar bola online terpercaya, agen casino online, bandar bola, agen bola terpercaya, taruhan bola online, prediksi bola, berita bola, agen bola piala dunia 2014

dgfhgjhgj
not sure this is the right sub...
this is a weird muscle group to be lifting for association football.

are you looking for a gridiron football sub.... you might want to try /r/cfb or /r/footballamerica.

actually your best bet might be a subreddit dedicated to working out.
how about a 4th ref that just watches cameras and replays and speaks to the real ref through an earpiece.
well that's a mistake
argentina beats bosnia-herzegovina 2-1,goal highlights
what a waste of money...  for 50 mln euros i would strenght psg much more
i don't think it will happen, to be honest. yes, he's not been that good so far, but roy really shouldn't bow down to this silly pressure.

it's best to put sterling and welbeck on the wings again against uruguay because they don't really have very good wingers. rooney can come back into the middle.

starting barkley would be a massive mistake if you ask me. especially in a game like this. he's far too unreliable and gives the ball away far to often.

this is just media tokenism if you ask me. an effort to make it seem like he might be dropped.

thoughts?
to be honest, he didnt show his face much, missed (imo) an easy chance a few yards out but he didnt do to bad on the left, that delivery for sturridge was inch perfect. i wouldn't drop him, although i would never bring wilshere on again as he is toilet!
i honestly still think we will qualify, it was a joy to watch on sat it really was. as an england fan ive hardly ever watched games and seen team spirit built up before the game like that
australia: cross it to tim cahill. 

hope teams lube up before doing all the damage.
50 mln for luiz :d lololololol   what a joke 
did it a year or two ago. tweeted a photo of himself shortly after surgery. head all swollen and a bit bloody from memory.

you'll find all kind of useful info [here](http://www.zonalmarking.net/).
where are you getting 30% from?also why do you think that brazil has basically the same chance as iran?
he is too inconsistent to be so.
sorry, but you're very very wrong. 

iran will not win this or any world cup. sorry to be so blunt, but unless the world turns upside down (or massive bribes are paid to fifa, which could happen) your chances probably aren't even 3%. 
this is clearly a joke
dat frenchman bias 
could be and will be are entirely different things. benzema *could* if ramos, marcelo and casillas leave. but its unlikely all the senior players would leave before benzema. although varane becoming captain is very likely if he stays, he would have an incredibly long tenure here if both he and the club stay together. 
klose is benched because r9
iran sucks its an amateur team it can't win the asian cup korea and japan have a better chance than iran 
podolski lacks the high technique and reading of the game for such an important match and klose is pushing 50 years of age.
&gt; i know, it might just sound like a farfetched conspiracy theory

you think?
just because the ball crosses the line, it doesn't mean it's a goal. the attacking player could be offside, there could have been a foul leading up to the goal etc.

if the big screens in the stadium are flashing "goal!" but the ref is disallowing it for some reason- you're going to get more confusion, not less. current system works fine for me.
more like fkin moron pepe...
apparently they dont even need them right now.
both calls were deserved, and i say this as someone who is half-portuguese.

disappointed in pepe being stupid.
ok, then don't write "goal", put a red light like in basketball just to say "it crossed the line" (but it's now up to the ref). 

what you say happens on a regular basis, and people celebrate a goal only to realize it was disallowed after a few seconds just by seeing the ball cross the line and watching the game, there's no need of a big screen for that.  

the point is, take away discretionality to the refs. to do this, everybody must know what they read on their watches: goal or no goal. you decide how. otherwise, what's the point of having this technology?
you could have lights on the goal that light when the ball goes in, that would be the easiest way to work it. then the ref would have to make the call to disallow it afterwards.
pepe was stupid as fuck, but the very doubtfull penalty, the injury that maybe was caused by the fault that wasnt signed to hugo almeida, that weights in the whole team, so the douchebag referee have some guilt in this, not trying to justify pepe action tough, he is a professional and should act as one, its not the first time he does shit like this.
'schland laying down the law :d
probably because they are 3-0 up.
r9?
klose is 36, not really **that** old, he has the experience!
they were god tier in 2006 !
i mean yeah muller shouldn't have pretended to be hurt that much,but then pepe goes and headbutts him. like wtf?
pepe is a dirty player, who has a history of play acting and simulation.

you reap what you sow, fuck pepe, the game is better off without players like him.
the referees really did not have any choice in this regards.

pepe is a moron he should have left muller alone.
for a forward, that is ancient.
yeah, but usually 36 is the end in a professional football career for most players. being over 36 and still being professionally active is an exception in the bundesliga for example.

the oldest player in the bundesliga was 36 in 2013.
kinda rich coming from roy.
honestly the stupidest player in football.
people are complaining the referee "ruined the game" with this decision but you can't allow pepe to stay on the pitch after this. regardless whether or not muller dived, pepe's reaction is not one that can go unpunished.
true it can't go unpunished...but a red?

i don't blame the ref though, pepe dug his own grave by carrying the reputation of being a fucking twat of a player. 
mastertrole2014
what punishment would you give for headbutting a player who's sitting on the ground, if not red?
i'm pretty sure it's in the rules that any **off the ball** physically aggressive  interaction with another player or referee has to be a red card. i remember a match a few years back (stoke were playing some israeli team), and an israeli player made a kicking movement towards a linesman ten feet away. his boot flew off and hit the linesmen in the chest - straight red, and that was a complete accident. this was deliberate and has to be a red, otherwise you're setting a precedent for leniency regarding behavior that has no place in this sport.
coming from playing competitive and watching pro ice hockey and this being my first real soccer/football watching experience (2010 i couldn't watch because the vuvuzelas), it's crazy to see a player ejected for lightly touching heads with another player. 

but diving is on a rise in ice hockey too, i've actually seen less calls on dives in this world cup than i see in hockey or than i expected, which is pretty cool. out with the hockey, in with the football
edit: pepe* should be punished just like that.

but i would do the same honestly, and it's coming from a guy that doesn't like pepe and his attitude.

wonder if muller would get punished if the ref had access to the instant replay on his wrist. one good thing about qatar is that they have money to include features like that.
zidane's work at madrid is finally paying off.
another *good* thing about qatar is they have money to buy hosting rights.
i'm one of the only english people i know who gets pretty invested in nhl (go penguins!), but hockey and football are utterly incomparable when it comes to physical aggression - the ethos surrounding the game (as well as the style of play, obviously) are just too different. 
its germany. ;)
you want to make money, and i understand that. but the thing is, take all opinions you come across, add those togheter and get your own opinion and that is the best. 
in the end, everything can happen, and thats a big part of the beuty =) 

edit: [this guy is probably the best ever, but sadly is dead :\(](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_the_octopus)
yeah i totally get that, it's just weird to see something so important happen from something so small.

pens were so close this year but should have done better, i can't believe how many good teams missed getting to the cup this year... and letting the goddamn kings win again :-/ 
it's the small incidents that make a game in football, but this was pretty clear cut - although if you're a hockey man first and foremost i can appreciate how tame it seems.

and don't remind me of that travesty, we were 3-1 clear... shocking. can't stand the kings, but seeing as rangers knocked us out it was lose-lose no matter what.
is he a bitch? because thats what bitches do
we really dont need him, lol. but i hope he is going to get his time to play! he only needs two goals to be the all time top scoring player in world championship history. it would be a great last world cup for him if he gets these goals! 
yup. you're right. 
i think this is something most people forget. the referee has to follow the rules, even if this seems unfair or is against his opinion. (for example players taking of their shirts). refs get so much hate, often just for enforcing the rules of the game.
in this situation he didn't have a choice. the rules are written that way...
pepe is a disgrace for the game.
i feel like we shouldn't be inviting him to prove his greatness just yet.
he was just going in for an eskimo kiss, but obviously timed it wrong. pepe cares and just wanted to make sure müller was okay.
being a referee is a thankless job, it really is - commentators, pundits and fans: everyone is saying referees are making shocking decisions, but when a referee has a spotless, perfect game, they go unnoticed. all too often, referees are used as a distraction for an appalling performance by a team/player.
he didn't headbut him, he gently placed his head against his... 
it's not about the money to do that. it's about fifa wanting it in or not.

you can have an external ref reviewing plays, you don't need to have a tv on the ref's watch.
klose has been battling injuries and is expected to score some goals as a sub when the heat has exhausted the opposing players.

podolski is one of several options for the left wing. even with reus not being able to play germany still has too many talented offensive midfielders to let them all play at the same time.
yeah i agree, i hate the kings and the rangers. i would've rather had the rangers win, but they got completely dominated :-/ disappointing finals all around
&gt; when a referee has a spotless, perfect game, they go unnoticed.

not entirely. i saw many posts from the england/italy match commending the officiating. it does happen occasionally.

really gently as you can see by the movement of müller's hair...
the fighting is just part of the game that people enjoy watching. hockey is a really physical game, and the fights add an extra dynamic that isn't present in many other sports. if the other team is having a really strong presence, a win in a fight from the other team can silence the fans and change the momentum of the game. 

also because high speed hits are part of the game, fights are used to punish players who will do things like take a cheap shot at a star player or intentionally run in to the goalie. 

i guess if you come from football it would seem weird, but it's a pretty cool part of the game (and makes it more exciting, boxing + hockey in one :) )
biggest piece of shit in football. he's always being a massive dick and going out of his way to hurt people.
the amount if times he lets his team mates down is ridiculous.
he does rival joey barton for "player i most want banned".
yes yes yes
pretty sure headbutting a player not in possession of the puck is illegal in hockey too? considering hockey is contact with helmets on and football is not makes it unsurprising that it carries a harsher punishment.
klose plays in italy i think.
yeah headbutting is illegal, just it looked really acted

it looked more like he was pressing his head to muellers, and then after a split second mueller reacted and pretended he was headbutted. same for the arm to face 

but i want germany to win and bet on them so :) works for me
i play both football and rugby and my reaction to this would be different depending on which i was playing. in football you know you've just been headbutted, and even if it was soft you want the ref to know because nobody should get away with it. your reaction to getting headbutted in a non-contact sport will always be different from a contact one.
yes he does, i just wanted to show some perspective on the age of players.
if you headbut someone in hockey you will both get ejected and your ass kicked.
the refereeing of the champions league final this year was also commended in the media. happened to be the same guy as the italy/england match.
sorry, should not have committed that.
very nice

gooood

good
to be honest by now the referee could just move into a booth next to the pitch and do all his job from there and much better, with multiple angles at once.
that would mean stopping the play, which seems to be a problem for most of football fans.

also, the ref would only use it once in a while. if there's someone (or a team) designated to do it endlessly, they could just signal the ref whenever he made the wrong decision.
goooood 
lovely
no, i meant take the referee and put it in the booth from the very start. use stadion speakers for whistle (with directed sound), and have the usual security forces intervene if fighting erupts, but i haven't seen fighting in big matches since the 2004 netherlands-portugal match.
so allowing players who try to act and dive and cheat to influence the referees decision to stay on is ok? he's just as guilty because muller has always tried to cheat the ref 
hehe
for wc standards, it is very old... to put thing into perspective, klose is old enough to be the father of the youngest player in the tournament
needs to include the flop
roger mila was 42 at his last world cup...
the info in both of those links are things everyone has known for many a transfer window. clearly they don't mean anything. 
yes, müller embellished the touch to his face - and that's the necessity of the sport: otherwise the ref might not know that that type of foul was committed. but regardless of whether pepe's hand to müller's face - and yes, there was some contact - counted as a foul, deliberate contact with the head is always a red.

it's a little harsh, but it's a bright-line rule that everyone on the pitch knows. get in his face, if you want, but don't touch it, no matter how lightly. our own ribery has been justifiably sent off a couple times for open-handing a push above the neck: no risk of injury but it's not acceptable, no matter the circumstances.

pepe - a supremely talented player - lives by sword and today he died by the sword.
i think they mean arsenal are spending less money than they could be. you don't?
turn sound off and watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1povlqxwjii

he intended to hurt him. that's just what he does.
it's stupid, and in football stupidity is rewarded with a bright red card. i'm for this sentiment.

so yes the red was deserved.
even though muller is a diving prick, pepe didn't need to do that.
did you watch the game?

pepe hits müller with the hand in his face, müller goes down, **the referee does not call a foul.**

at this stage everyone should be happy:   
* pepe because he hit someone deliberately in the face with his hand/fist and the ref did not call a foul  
* müller because the ref thinks he dove a little but not so much that the ref called a foul  

müllers reaction: **sitting peaceful** on the ground, **checking** his mouth for **damage**, not trying to influence / arguing to get pepe punished - not even faking pain after the headbutting.

pepes reaction: as a player with a very violent history on the field he decides to go bananas and he headbutts müller **right in front of the referee**.

i can't fathom pepes stupidity. nothing would have happened, but noooo, another episode of assault...
did you watch the game?

pepe hits müller with the hand in his face, müller goes down, **the referee does not call a foul.**

at this stage everyone should be happy:   
* pepe because he hit someone deliberately in the face with his hand/fist and the ref did not call a foul  
* müller because the ref thinks he dove a little but not so much that the ref called a foul  

müllers reaction: **sitting peaceful** on the ground, **checking** his mouth for **damage**, not trying to influence / arguing to get pepe punished - not even faking pain after the headbutting.

pepes reaction: as a player with a very violent history on the field he decides to go bananas and he headbutts müller **right in front of the referee**.

i can't fathom pepes stupidity. nothing would have happened, but noooo, another episode of assault...
that was a low blow
yes i watched the match 

pepe shields the ball and unfortunately catches müller in the face. müller goes down as if he'd been shot by a sniper. referee rightly doesn't call foul. 

at this stage, not everyone should be happy. pepe just had müller try to deceive the referee into getting a foul but justifiably for pepe, he waves him on. unluckily for müller, the whole world saw his bullshit and ref gave no call. 

müller reaction : müller sits on the ground checking for a none existant injury to gain pity. pepe being the idiot he is, pushes his head against thomas' and miraculously, müller popped up quicker than he went to ground. hallelujah, a miracle at the world cup, he's fine. reminiscent of ramos and villa for barca and real. 

i've got no pity for pepe and müller should've been booked for play acting and trying to make things look worse than they appeared. however the referee killed this match. it wasn't even that bad of a  "headbutt ". i wouldn't even call it that but rather a push of the head. if that's a sending off then surely diego costa shouldn't be playing one match. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxjsko2ofpq

i think he didn't hit his face. müller was diving.
because 4-0
perhaps you should look at a proper version, not a darkened "rap-video" version of the incident.  

http://gfycat.com/franksilkyargentineruddyduck

seriously, no one is denying that pepe hit him in the face...
?? 0:15 ??

he hit his face.. 
you also have to consider that slow motion scenes often look pretty harmless, but this slight touch might be much harder in real time..

of course müller overreacted a bit, but pepe was just stupid and didn't have himself under control... 
but barton does have some great sides.
see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdya5wpkw04
&gt; it wasn't even that bad of a  "headbutt ". i wouldn't even call it that but rather a push of the head.

okay, apart from the other things you missed or did not understanding:   deliberate headbutting is a big no-no, regarding of the severity. otherwise you can expect arguing overlap the strength of the headbutt in future games.

and when a psycopathic player with a violent history flips his shit and is agressively headbutting (if every so slightly) an opponent in front of the referee - there is only thing that the ref can do...

anyway, why do you think that müller was completely diving if the ref did not call a foul on müller for diving?
clearly pepe deserved a red but muller absolutely milked that, he didn't deliberately hit him in the face atall either, it's part of the game and there was no aggression and no need for muller to go down. of course many players do, but i expect more from a world class player like muller.
if we're going by history then the likes of diego costa should have been sent off for the same thing but everyone here went off on indi for simulation. müller dove cos he wasn't able to get the ball. he wasn't even caught badly and it was unintentional. going by history as you wish, müller should be sent off for trying to deceive the referee as he always does. why did the ref not call a foul on diego costa and fred for diving? why did the linesmen disallow to legitimate goals for mexico? because 99% of them are shit. that's what i'll remember this world cup for, shit officiating. 
kings played fantastic during playoffs and being down 2 goals so many times during playoffs and coming back to win they deserved to win the cup. they made lundqvist look like an average goalie. williams also played great and it so clutch!
why does he insist on being such a dick?
materazzi's actions were more criminal than zidane's reaction. both deserved red cards. 

you can't compare pepe to zidane in any fashion. pepe is worse in every way.
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
head*boopin'*
iran has at least a 10% chance. they beat korea.
more of a head scrub, but he is a turd of a football player
what flop. you mean the hand in müller's face flop?
such a stressful last few minutes! such a good game!
the first world cup game ever, that i was thoroughly interested in the outcome. 
good god man, how many times are you going to copy paste that today? pepe did not deliberately hit muller in the face. muller was not sitting peacefully on the ground, he was shouting at the ref and calling for a foul. i claim that was the mildest headbutt ever to be graced with a red card. 
&gt;materazzi's actions were more criminal than zidane's reaction.

no, they weren't. it is very common to talk to your oponnent like materazzi did to zidane and unless the ref isn't hearing it, you can't do nothing about it. that's the way it is, you have to keep your cool, zidane didn't, so he was sent off.

and i'm pretty sure there were worse things zidane heard in his career from other players.
in the end a headbutt is a headbutt and you can't do that— especially in front of a ref who knows how crazy you are
there are two main reasons why this doesn't happen.

1) football is a free flowing game and depends on fluidity with as few stoppages as possible in order to function well. we need to be careful with every piece of technology we add to ensure that it doesn't hold the game up any more than is necessary.

2) one of fifa's stated goals is that the game be played the same everywhere, from a world cup final at the maracana to a sunday league game on hackney marshes. introducing technology at the top detracts from this. i don't agree with this point, the game is clearly different at different levels and i think technology should reflect this. thankfully there appears to be some examples of it changing such as this new goal line technology and the vanishing spray, however it seems clear that fifa won't act hastily when making changes to the game.
1) the stopping of the game and the pacing would be identical as we have it now, you can watch the game in real time obviously, with segmented view from multiple angles

2) that argument is out already: goal line technology, different ball standards, different pitch standards (i mean grass), equipment, staff behind teams, referee training...

the game must adjust to the scale and budget of it, there are few excuses for such a big and profitable sport not to do it
i understand trash talking is common. zidane's temper was put to the test and he failed on the world's biggest stage. we have to understand the context for this particular incident though. zidane is muslim, and in many muslim countries you would be killed for insulting the women in someone's family the way materazzi did.

i say his actions were more criminal than zidane's because they were premeditated and extremely malicious.

zidane failed the test and lost his temper, which is no one's fault but his own. that still doesn't detract from the severity of materazzi's offense. 

edit: also, the fact that one offense is more common does not make it acceptable. 
as a qualified referee (although definitely not in the safe league as the world cup refs) in my opinion the ref was spot on regarding the call. going through your comment.

1. muller gets hit in the face by pepe, i saw no intent from pepe and it wasn't serious. no foul.

2. muller sitting on the ground appealing for the foul, pepe plays on. no foul for muller, if you want to sit on the grass and have a whinge go ahead.

3. pepe headbutts muller, straight red. regardless of how light the hit was violent conduct, in this case assaulting a player is guaranteed ejection from the game. there is no leeway when it comes to this and any referee would have done the same.
iran won't win it. simply because our government, excuse my language, doesn't give a shit about our football team. they're preoccupied with other things.

the funding of the iranian football team is so little that they're not encouraged to exchange shirts at the end of the match due to the difficulties in replacing them. how much do you think this effects their players? they don't get paid that well, they don't get the resources/equipment they need. i mean, i personally can't expect much from them.

but, at the end of the day. we are iranian, we overcome the hardships. they played really well against nigeria. 
20,000+ fans traveled to brazil for this world cup, more than any other country, and the hype here is bigger than last world cup. if usa can do well, i think it'll grow the sport here a lot
&gt; another good thing about qatar is they *had* money to buy hosting rights *for now.*
&gt; that still doesn't detract from the **awesomeness** of materazzi's offense.

ftfy;


yes
i didn't follow him this season, but i know of his prior reputation. even if he's being calm and mature this season, he's been a massive prick before.
the way i see it, '94-north america, '98- europe, '02- asia, '06- europe, '10-africa, '14- south america, '18- eurasia, '22.... its really australia's turn, but because the us was second in votes for '22, i cant see it going anywhere else but the us. hate to say it for the brits, but i think england is a minimum '26 or '30 to host.
i think he'll always be known for it, but he can do his best to mitigate it.
should have a pepe vs palacios vs suarez vs costa 4 way cunt-off.
paul the octopus of course
i guess uefa champions league isn't broadcasted in usa, yorkie2014
winning the champions league apparently isn't considered a title.
i believe that
dfgfhghg
did you even read the article? misleading headline if i ever saw one
i believe that we
i believe that we will
because germany could afford it. amazing i know
also see drogba's red card in the champions league final in 2008.  he lightly slapped a guy, not hard enough to hurt even, but was justifiably sent off.  as you said - deliberate contact to the head.
i believe that we will win
i believe that we will win
1/2500 is the line. bet it 
löw wanted to use the technical skill of özil/götze and müller to cunfuse portugals defence.
all those 3 players are insanely strong at dribblings and they rotated a lot.
klose and podolski are different types of players, wich just didnt fit to the strategie oof the game, luckily we have such a huge pool of players he can choose from :)
kllose might get a shot against ghana, because they play more relliant on physical contact, so hes a better option then müller
(sry, im not a native speaker :d)
australia should get it, however we would now be 4 years behind in construction works to have the top class facilities included in our bid. 

if it moves it will be to a nation already perfectly set up. a usa or england, or spain?
we could.
however i don't think it will come to australia if it gets moved. we would be 4+ years behind on any construction works included in out wc bid.

i personally don't believe we have the stadia currently to get anywhere near hosting a good wc.



i'm pretty sure he has a couple [titles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steven_gerrard#honours)
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
section 16. [**honours**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steven_gerrard#honours) of article  [**steven gerrard**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steven%20gerrard): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;


&gt;* [fa cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fa_cup) (2): [2000–01](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_fa_cup_final), [2005–06](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_fa_cup_final)

&gt;* [league cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_league_cup) (3): [2000–01](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_football_league_cup_final), [2002–03](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_football_league_cup_final), [2011–12](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_football_league_cup_final)

&gt;* [fa community shield](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fa_community_shield) (2): [2001](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_fa_charity_shield), [2006](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_fa_community_shield)

&gt;* [uefa champions league](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_champions_league) (1): [2004–05](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_uefa_champions_league_final)

&gt;* [uefa cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_cup) (1): [2000–01](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_uefa_cup_final)

&gt;* [uefa super cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_super_cup) (2): [2001](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_uefa_super_cup), [2005](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_uefa_super_cup)

&gt;


&gt;* [ballon d'or bronze award](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ballon_d%27or) (1): 2005

&gt;* echo sports personality of the year award (1): 2014

&gt;* [uefa club footballer of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_club_footballer_of_the_year) (1): 2005

&gt;* [fwa footballer of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fwa_footballer_of_the_year) (1): 2009

&gt;* [fwa tribute award](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fwa_tribute_award) (1): 2013

&gt;* [pfa players' player of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pfa_players%27_player_of_the_year) (1): 2006

&gt;* [pfa young player of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pfa_young_player_of_the_year) (1): 2001

&gt;* [pfa fans' player of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pfa_fans%27_player_of_the_year) (2): 2001, 2009

&gt;* [england player of the year award](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_fa_england_awards#senior_men.e2.80.99s_player_of_the_year) (2): 2007, 2012

&gt;* [pfa team of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pfa_team_of_the_year) (8): 2001, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2014

&gt;* [liverpool top goalscorer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_liverpool_f.c._seasons) (3): [2004–05](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004%e2%80%9305_liverpool_f.c._season), [2005–06](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005%e2%80%9306_liverpool_f.c._season), [2008–09](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008%e2%80%9309_liverpool_f.c._season)

&gt;* [uefa euro team of the tournament](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_euro_2012) (1): 2012

&gt;* [uefa team of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_team_of_the_year) (3): 2005, 2006, 2007

&gt;* [fifa/fifpro world xi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifpro_world_xi) (3): 2007, 2008, 2009

&gt;* [esm team of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_sports_media#esm_team_of_the_year) (1): 2008–09

&gt;* [goal of the season](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goal_of_the_season) (1): 2006

&gt;* [uefa champions league final man of the match](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_uefa_champions_league_final) (1): 2005

&gt;* [fa cup final man of the match](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_fa_cup_final) (1): 2006

&gt;* [premier league player of the month award](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/premier_league_player_of_the_month) (6): march 2001, march 2003, december 2004, april 2006, march 2009, march 2014

&gt;* [member of the order of the british empire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_of_the_order_of_the_british_empire): 2007

&gt;* [honorary fellowship from](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honorary_fellow) [liverpool john moores university](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liverpool_john_moores_university): 2008

&gt;* [bbc sports personality of the year award – 3rd place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc_sports_personality_of_the_year_award): 2005

&gt;* [iffhs world's most popular footballer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iffhs#world.27s_most_popular_footballer): 2006

&gt;

---

^interesting: [^frank ^lampard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frank_lampard) ^| [^wayne ^rooney](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wayne_rooney) ^| [^england ^national ^football ^team](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england_national_football_team) ^| [^rafael ^benítez](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rafael_ben%c3%adtez) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+ci9n1uz) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+ci9n1uz)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
i'm going to be richer than a sunday drycleaner.
...no more games this tournament.
i'll take two more ties!
sounds like someone didn't win their first match :(
yeah i agree, at least in sweden the commentators are being alot better this world cup saying when the referees are doing a good job.
this is the best answer yet, thank you. i have to say he made the right decision it seems. :)
i think that swedish commentators in general are very good at this, and not just in this cup. whenever there's a questionable call they're quick to remind the viewers that the refs haven't got multiple re-plays from multiple angles.
the gif should have continued when müller starts to simulate like any footballer these days and for some reasons decides not to.
the only good thing pepe can do with his head is to throw it against others.
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
football isn't a non contact sport though.
title is only a little misleading. 

unfortunately he is right.  you have to be world class at club level and at the world cup to be considered truly great.  which is massively unfair.  if you don't have a good team you can't even get to the finals.  ibrahimovic will never even get the chance, niether did george best.  you could easily miss all the world cup finals your team gets to through injury too.
i think the setup for us is simple.

                 hart
johnson cahill jag baines
     gerrard henderson
stirling   rooney    lallana
           sturridge

only person i'm not sure of is lallana...could put milner in or ox or switch stirling to left and play one of the others on the right.
cheer yourself up by watching this http://gfycat.com/readywillingindianglassfish
it's just in football, any aggressive behaviour if it's not about the ball gets instantly punished with red. that's just the rule and every player knows it. pepe is just a stupid choleric idiot. plus, in football the players wear nothing to protect themselves, so naturally aggressive behaviour is considered not sporty. 

tldr: football is not ice hockey 
sbs in australia is streaming them all, and also keeping all matches up for catch up. you should be able to find them (here)[ http://theworldgame.sbs.com.au], but i'm not sure if they're region limited. let me know.
oops. sorry about the linking. on mobile.
uff, there is someone really butthurt. it's not about müllers dives or not dives here, it's about an idiot pepe who gets physically aggressive when there is no reason (the only reason is the ball). there is no way he wouldn't get red for this. 
what? are you blind? he clearly hits him und fumbling around in is face, and don't forget it's slow motion 
have you tried /r/footballdownload?
psst, das glaubt hier noch einer 
because müller scored a hat-trick.

i'd also want to save klose for the ghana and usa games. he'd surely get goals in them (sorry usa and ghana fans).
is there a wiki for "pepe incidents" ??? they appear to be endless.
milner doesnt deserve to lace lallana's boots hes garbage!
klose may play longer than that - he once joked that if all the european clubs thought he was too old to play, he would go to america to play in mls.
if you follow the link, the entire shows its an analysis. but yes, i shall keep that in mind.
true it's a semi-conduct sport. point still stands, how many other semi-contact sports do you know where people would react well to a headbutt?
we (holland) were baseball champions of the world though a year ago.
cbc.ca if you're in canada, or know how to use a proxy.
truly a monster. still odd that you would allow like tons of children on a place like that. what does it add? why should these kids be singled out for this potential honour?
piratebay torrents has them all
watch espn app does most replays. 
someone's surprised that popular players have haters, and fans of other teams will talk shit? 

i'm always amazed when people are surprised at shit like this. welcome to reality
"eeeeerm" - the stevie g story
this is perfect, thanks very much :)
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
right there. that's what's wrong with football and why we have the likes of pepe. diving apologists. 
[**@lebuzzeurosport**](https://twitter.com/lebuzzeurosport):
&gt;[2014-06-17 10:14:30 utc](https://twitter.com/lebuzzeurosport/status/478843119853912064)

&gt;"ronaldo, nous avons maintenant les muscles qu'il faut pour gagner !"  [#bild](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23bild) ne se gêne pas pour chambrer [#ronaldo](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23ronaldo). [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bquxr4vicaa1yxi.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/rdb2ixj.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/28dsv4%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

i believe that we will win
last match you`ll ever win a game lol. your coming up against portugal soon.
[**@piersmorgan**](https://twitter.com/piersmorgan):
&gt;[2014-06-17 18:29:40 utc](https://twitter.com/piersmorgan/status/478967730943848448)

&gt;it's time america called football 'football' and not 'soccer'.

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/28e22q%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

nice try, ronaldo.
that is some old ass news 
no way
somewhere in brazil, linekar just creamed himself at the thought of all the puns that he'll end motd with. 
believe that you played the worst team in your group &amp; scraped a win? me too. 
bildzeitung is the scum of german newspapers.
their two top defenders and another starter are out for the us game. the playing field has been leveled and the us should expect nothing less than a draw. 
just need a to watch the games on fox soccer and/or bein sport. that will cover epl, serie a, and la liga. they're usually available in your sports pack from your cable company. 

more info, clubs are usually playing in 3 different competitions throughout the year. there's the league games (serie a), the country games (super cup) and european games (like champion's league)

top 3-4 teams from each major league (bundesliga, la liga, etc) qualify for the champion's league of the -following- year. 

your defence was all over the place, i can't see dempsey fixing that. your point is valid though, a win is a win. i just feel like usa fans are being a bit overzealous with their celebrations of what was an expected win against a pretty poor ghana team that are a few years past their best. 
i would recommend checking out english sports magazines, since they will propably cover the european scene way better, which (no offence to all the footballfans out there) seems to be by far the strongest.
keep an eye on the premier league, the italian serie a, the spanish liga bbva and the german bundesliga, i guess these are the strongest leagues
seriously, they're denying it? look at the bloody picture... two middle fingers way up. 
i must say, i was pleasantly surprised by his mature performance v italy. wasn't a fan, but growing on me. 
if you can get your hands on it, i'd also recommend checking out bbc's match of the day, which is a premier league highlight show. it has long recaps and great in-depth analysis of all the weekend games. check out /footballhighlights for some past shows. 
watch some football. both club and international, you'll soon pick up knowledge.
this question would be better asked at http://www.reddit.com/r/ussoccer

for the daily schedule for every soccer game in the world. i goto http://www.livesoccertv.com/schedules/

these are the sites that i follow the most:
http://www.americansoccernow.com ,
http://www.youtube.com/ussoccer ,
http://www.facebook.com/ussoccer ,
http://www.mlssoccer.com

the best podcasts can be found at http://nasn.tv/

soccer morning is every weekday, and best soccer show is twice a week at night.

there are soooo many other sites. but i hope this gets you started.
yeah i don't know how that can be seen as anything other than giving him the finger...[twice](http://imgur.com/9kj87f4)
that picture clearly shows they are his pointer fingers
definitely index fingers.
could also be his pinkies, like he's telling the ref "pepe won't do it again i pinky promise! no, i double pink promise!"
for bein screw overpriced cable providers. check dishworld they have a $10 monthly sports package that has bein. best investment i've made. 
go to www.liverpoolfc.com and you'll learn all you ever need to know about club football and history ;)

bbc website; sky sports website are the two leading places for all things football...international tournament football doesn't always reflect the true level of players!

enjoy!
that man loves his country! and he is doing his best! still young hope no one has any hate on him, he is still very young
...also, you can support who you like, thats the beauty!

http://www.premierleague.com/ is the english premier and arguably the most competitive and full of world stars, la liga (spain), bundesliga (germany), serie a (italy) and also the english championship (2nd div) are all extremely good leagues to watch for 'education'!
pick teams. watch their games. before you know it, you'll start caring much more about the detail.

i'm from new zealand. our presence in world football is less than the us's. i follow a few european club teams, and a few international teams. i don't watch as much as i'd like, but i watch (and know) a lot more than i would do otherwise.
where you at?  why not follow and support your local mls team as a start (assuming you're in the usa).  go to the stadium and chant with the supporters.
closest team is salt lake, nine hours away. 
im in the same situation. my closest team is chicago. 8 hours away. 
well since they are the best mls team, that's a natural choice.  watch rsl's beckerman keep the backfield together for the us team.  and rimando is the usmnt backup goalkeeper, and the best goalkeeper in the mls.
it's not like the premiere league or the bundesliga are closer.
ok here we go. first! watch this world cup and check out the individual players. find one or two who you are genuinely drawn to, and do some researching about them. you may find a team to support that way.

the [premeir league](http://www.premierleague.com/en-gb.html) is now shown on nbc or nbc sports every saturday and sunday morning. it, along with the [german bundesliga](http://www.bundesliga.com/en/), [spanish la liga](http://www.ligabbva.com/)( site is in spanish, you'll have to google translate it), [french league 1](http://www.ligue1.com/), and [italian serie a](http://www.legaseriea.it/en/), have the greatest number of quality footballers and the strongest overall teams.

[espnfc.us](http://www.espnfc.us/) is espn's soccer website. it has daily articles and links to transfer rumors and and blogs. it's not the best in the world but it is a decent place to start. 

[wiziwig.tv](http://www.wiziwig.tv/) has live streams of nearly every game on the planet. once you find a team you like you can go to the live sports tab/ soccer/ and then find a stream of the match. 

the champions league tv rights are owned by fox, so if you don't have fox soccer with your tv subscription you'll probably need to stream the games using wiziwig. the champions league is basically the world cup of the best european teams. it is a must watch, as it provides hours of spectacular football.

just a few more things to mention, people will give you stick for saying soccer instead of football. it's ok, call it what you like. but please, when you do start following and see someone fake a bad injury of fly thru the air, it is a dive, not a flop! flops are for basketball, dives are for football. and when you do decide on a team to follow check out their subreddit. some teams fans may be a little dickish at first, but if you are there to truly learn and follow the team, they will usually be more than happy to point you in the right direction. also it doesn't hurt to familiarize yourself with a teams history. most of the teams in europe have been around for well over 100 years and have incredible histories and storied players.

you can direct any further questions you have over to /r/soccernoobs. we will be glad to answer any questions you have, it's the entire purpose of that sub. 


edit: [footytube](http://www.footytube.com) is a great site for match highlights if you have to miss a game.
yep, he's right. they are one of the best in the mls! watching mls games on tv is definitely a good way to start. check out http://www.mlssoccer.com/tv for a list of games and what channel they are on.
i remember him doing this at liverpool 

http://www.whoateallthepies.tv/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/y4zkf.gif

http://www.whoateallthepies.tv/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/raul-500x277.jpg
honestly the way i got into soccer was just by diving in head first. i watched the world cup and got real interested in it. i started watching as many games as i could mostly in the premier league and la liga but also some bundesliga and serie a. 

i kept watching and then found myself being drawn to a single team more and more, fc barcelona if you wanted to know. i was drawn to their style of play, albeit it was a little boring initially, and the creativity and skill. 

then i watched every game i could and researched the history of the club. then i started researching things i didn't understand or things sports analyst said that didn't make sense. 

eventually through watching and looking up my questions i got a real solid grasp of the sport, but it all comes down to your personal preference for how specific you want to get. also to learn in general about players it helps to have a favorite team or preferred team in each of the main leagues. hope this helped
watch games, watch the analysis. you can wiki the structure of specific competitions, but if you watch the games and various competitions, you will get it in time.
based on the italy game "happy to play" and "carrying out your role correctly" are two different things.
rgdfhfh
прогноз константина генича на матчи россия - южная корея и другие
россия - южная корея : чм 2014 - обзор матчей сборной россии
россия - южная корея (fifa world cup 2014 brazil)
прогноз никиты ковальчука на матч россия - южная корея на чм-2014
виртуальность чм - 2014 россия - южная корея
россия - южная корея 1:1 футбол чемпионат мира 18.06.14
футбол. обзор матча. россия - южная корея (2-1) 19.11.13
2014 fifa world cup brazil - #1 россия vs южная корея
россия - южная корея 0:1 футбол чемпионат мира 18.06.14
как должен был закончиться матч россия - южная корея чм 2014 18.06.2014
южная корея замерла: идёт «егэ»! (новости)
прогноз на матч россия - южная корея
россия южная корея футбол чм 2014 смотреть онлайн супер трансляция прямой эфир видео сопкаст 1 канал
россия - южная корея 1:1 чм2014 | russia - south korea 1:1 worldcup
россия южная корея футбол чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция hd прямой эфир видео сопкаст 1 канал
россия южная корея смотреть онлайн 18 06 трансляция прямой эфир футбол чм 2014 видео сопкаст 1 канал
россия- южная корея 0:1 гол ким чемпионат мира бразилия 2014
россия южная корея чм 2014 смотреть онлайн прямая трансляция эфир видео голов обзор
россия- южная корея 1:1 гол кержаков чемпионат мира бразилия 2014
россия южная корея футбол чемпионат мира 2014
россия - южная корея чм 2014 группа h прямая трансляция матча смотреть онлайн
россия - южная корея 1:1 ~ гол кержаков ~ чемпионат мира 2014
россия-южная корея 0-1
россия южная корея смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир лайв видео
чм-2014. россия — южная корея: прогноз на матч от шарпея, гоши.
россия - южная корея онлайн трансляция (18.06.2014 - 02:00 (мск) орт - спорт 1) - russia south korea
робот-пылесос предсказывает результат матча россия - южная корея
россия южная корея смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир лайв сопкаст видео sopcast
россия-южная корея 1-1 러시아는 1 1 한국 all goals and highlights world cup 2014
прогноз на матч россия южная корея
россия - южная корея live чм-2014 онлайн-трансляция матча сборной с чемпионата мира
россия южная корея 18 июня 2014 прогноз, счёт, составы и голы
fifa world cup 2014 brazil - путь до финала![россия - южная корея]
футбол россия - южная корея
россия - южная корея / чемпионат мира по футболу 2014 бразилия
предрешение судьбы матча россия-южная корея. (the match russia-south korea)
россия vs южная корея по тхэквондо
прогноз на матч чм-2014 россия-южная корея
пицца предскала россия - южная корея
россия - южная корея.чемпионат мира по футболу 2014 в бразил
[look again dude.](https://i.imgur.com/cdqsvwl.png) 
usa here too

there are other smaller leagues you can watch games of

other than that, if you were to google 'firstrowsports' you can watch streams of matches from around the world
read and watch everything you can find.  read all the transfer rumours and the news and analysis.  you'll start to associate the various players with their clubs and learn a little about who plays where, what position, etc. 

soak in everything on this world cup.  watch the match and then read the write-ups and what the experts had to say about the match you just watched.  start to try to make observations on your own about what the teams you're watching do well or what they do poorly.  you'll develop attachments to players, clubs and countries before you know it.  outside of the major international competitions, i don't put too much effort into the friendlies, but when it matters, there's nothing like it.

if you find a club you've never learned about before, pull up their wikipedia page, read the whole thing.  click the links, open 1000x tabs and just immerse yourself.  it doesn't take long to pick up on the basics and there's an infinite amount of information available online these days.

good luck!
i know its a commercial, just wanted to share the amazing skill and the creative ideas from the organizer of this video. please enjoy ;)
uh-huh.....lol
best... i think the sounders beat you in our last meeting. ^(not like half your team was away at their international training camps or anything...)
yeah, even the article mentions it. and thats the guardian, they hype every shit they have the opportunity to
those are clearly index fingers.
amazing, up vote this for sure - very well put sir!  i'm 36, followed liverpool for as long as i can remember and you know what - i'm still learning, every game i go to, watch or see highlights of, something new goes in... listen to people who've watched the game rather than just tell you they have, i sit next to a guy at anfield who's been going the game 40+ years! no tv pundit can match the knowledge of him, go out kick a ball, see what it takes to put curl on it or chip over someone's head and you'll start appreciating the game for what it is, a game, not the circus that surrounds it, once you get past the glitz and glam and watch why players are so good i guarantee you'll fall in love with it!

best of luck and please don't pick utd ;)


after the way he played against italy, i'm not surprised! he's on fire at the moment. what a phenomenal season he's had.
go on steam and treat yourself to football manager (maybe wait until fm15 comes out around october). pick a team in a league you'd like to know better and play a few seasons. you'll be a full on football nerd before you know it. 

it's such an in depth database of players that everton actually have a professional license and use it as a scouting tool.

fair warning though, it can get (very) addictive. 
if you look closely it was 100% index fingers. we posted it on our twitter account and got hammered for it, understandably! 
not sure how much you have gleamed from fifa etc., but to answer the other part of your question about club football:

* every player is contracted to club

* depending on the various claims on their nationality they can then be picked for a country (where they were born, parents where born etc.)

* each club plays in their respective country's league - english premier league, german bundesliga ...

* in europe each league gets a number of places to enter the champions league depending on how good the league is deemed (so since the most recent change, the 4 clubs who finish top in england should go to the champions' league, while only the top team in a worse league may go into the qualification process)

* the champions' league is then formatted very similarly to the world cup, but player over the whole season alongside the domestic league. the group stage is played through to christmas and then two-legged games take place afterwards.

* there is also the europa league which is basically the same just for teams slightly lower down the top teams/don't qualify for the champions' league.

so, as the others have said watch the world cup, read up on a couple of the websites (the bbc really is a good start) find a team, follow their league or just find a league at first and see who you want to follow after watching a few games - that's what i've just done in reverse with nfl coming from britain.     
an upbeat optimistic article; but we will see tomorrow (6.19.14) when england plays uruguay if this squad is worth it's salt.

edited on 6.20.14.  this article was too optimistic.  i'm following the usa squad now, i guess.
there seems to be a few upbeat, optimistic england fans around at the moment, doesn't there? as our contributor harry said, it's strangely refreshing! then again, a thumping defeat against uruguay could change everything. another big test.
we will know about 30 minutes in i guess!

the us game vs. ghana game was excellent!  5th swiftest goal in any world cup ever &amp; then a us sub scores for the first time ever.

i'm glad to have two irons in the fire in this tournament, but i'm suspecting that germany will win in the end...

still, hope springs eternal!  come on england!
30 minutes? i think you're mistaken mate! game isn't till tomorrow (thursday). while longer to wait yet! 
start gambling. 
&gt;30 minutes in

30 minutes into the game!
start reading up on it as much as you can (not just our site) and watching as much as you can. it might seem a tad daunting at first but ultimately football is a very simple game. magazines such as fourfourtwo, world soccer and champions league weekly are good places to start. also, in terms of watching a live game, you really can't beat it. perhaps look into who your local team is try and get to a few games. all the best! football really is like a drug - it's very addictive once you start supporting a team and following it in more detail! 
oh, sorry! its been a long day, already! 
finally
£536.00 spent
1126 packs opened
5627 total stickers
and
4989 doubles

fuck doing this is real life
milner is a more balanced player (attack/defence) out of all the wide players we have.  we are struggling on the left side, he would be the most defensive option.
:)
i'd add the [guardian football weekly podcast](http://www.theguardian.com/football/series/footballweekly) to that list. its currently putting out a daily world cup roundup, and is always well worth a listen.


i too would be happy to play anywhere for england.
he played well but i don't see england getting far.
for the record, i don't agree with it at all. ruining our rich football history by tweaking our pyramid just isn't the answer. we need more coaches, cheaper courses, a cap on foreign imports and a cap on english players in squads. until that is tried, this idea is a no go for me.
he/she is right. my advice is to pick a team. it is hard to follow international football if you are not invested, and to get invested it is important to make an emotional connection with a team. if you like the us team perhaps everton is the team for you (tim howard starts).
it is a joke. the writer is joking, right? england is on the right path because of their speed and energy, but not because of hodgson. horrific substitutions against italy. 
i wouldn't say its been leveled. portugal are still very dangerous. if the us plays like they did against ghana, they will have a very hard time. but this is football and anything can happen. best i hope for with he us is a draw.
 
yeah motd is great!
he was signalling the manager about a switch and the screenshot was took while both fingers were facing upwards
he's really grown into a quality player this past season. 
watch as much as you can without it feeling like a chore. don't just watch the ball, watch how the players move around it and how the movement of the ball influences the players, f.e how the defending team reacts to a long cross from the right back to the left in build-up play. read some articles pre-game or watch pre-game shows. they mention what is to be expected of the game, who is the favourite, who has the best player, what are the strength and weaknesses (a big part of the fun is the narratives around games, but that will mostly be confusing at first), at least the good ones do.

the champions league is a bit hard to grasp for americans. if you are already familiar with the relegation system that is in place in europe (and you really should be if you want to follow the european game) you can think of the cl as the highest tier of the european league pyramid, only that teams play in their domestic league alongside the cl. the other way to look at it is as an american style play-off, only that it isn't played after the regular season, but the next year alongside the new regular season. although there is a club world cup, which is played out between the winners of the continental tournaments (when we say champions league we mean the european uefa cl, there is a compareable tournament in each of the six continental federations), the cl is considered the most important trophy in club football (because the european entrant in the world cup usually wins it, as long as they field their best team. some choose not to do that, because they already play 50+ games per season).

so, yea. watch cl football and the games from whatever team you stupidly fall in love with.
who picked that team that played with speed and energy? 
of everyone person i've spoken to not one has said anything other than positive things about this young team.

i think roy should keep the job long term, regardless of how we do in this tournament 
don't ignore mls.  yes it is the bastard stepchild of the footballing world, but it is that way because people ignore it.  find a local team to you.  you will get to see a lot more games, cheaply, and learn more and more.  also, mls season goes through the summer so it can help with the lull between european league seasons!
how exactly were they horrific?
i've been a longtime follower of the bpl, but i didn't dive into football before i started playing fifa. it really is a great way to understand tactics, playing styles and get knowledge on individual teams and players. i don't watch football *that* much; during season i find it impossible to watch more than 4-5 games, and this doesn't really help me know about other teams, while in fifa i feel like this is much easier.
i'm a non-american, so my opinion isn't actually very relevant or anything, but i could never support rsl, simply because their name is so insanely silly. most would consider it trivial, but it'd be an inpassable hurdlefor me.
i want to see a game of freestylers vs club players to see if having freestyle players on a pro team would be of any value.
i'm glad the debate has opened on this, because it's allowed a shift in focus towards those clubs towards the bottom of the pyramid, such as mine.

but simply, i don't agree with the idea that this will in any way benefit the football league and believe this whole argument takes a very england-centric view, in that the supposed benefits are all about the national team. 

it seems the longer this goes on, the more obvious the sides become. those that are in favour of this tend not to support teams that are  involved in the lower leagues, whilst those who are against it do. 
he was! 
i just wish he'd stop acting like a little bitch on the pitch.
for dutch people, is the nos commentator going to be fucking frenk snoeks again? because then i'm definitely going to use one of these.

for non-dutch people: frank snoeks has a habit of just blabbering on and on and on and on and on. if nothing is happening on the pitch, then it's just an endless stream of insanely mundane trivia about the uncle of the left back who owns a restaurant in the home town of the mother of the opponents keeper, or some shit like that. there are very few people i'd more gladly punch in the face, repeatedly.
i feel like most of them wouldn't have the athleticism
maybe he had the surgeon from arrested development. could be the greatest in the world!
i'm not american either, but the name makes my shit itch. real? ffs.
&gt;best of luck and please don't pick utd ;)

what's wrong with the blades? ;)


this isn't the subreddit that you're looking for. try [r/nfl](http://reddit.com/r/nfl)
this guy should watch lebron james play
you don't even have to look closely. 
fouad
i hope you're watching aus-ned,   because this is exactly what everybody expected. they are completely unstable and get lazy when they stop being the underdog.
sometimes other leagues are more exciting to watch because they are less "polished," for a lack of a better term.  it's also understandable since there's not a lot of football going on right now (just training camps).  the cfl, despite its crazy rules, can be fun to watch, and even europe has football leagues: http://www.eurobowl.info/index.php?inhalt=spieltag&amp;menueid=120

still, america and the nfl dominates football pretty heavily, and college football is also exciting in its own right.
is this a european site?  do they mean "touchdowns" instead of "goals"?  

don't forget, football is a game of inches, and field goals are pretty important too.  a solid defensive game can also be pretty exciting.
i completed so many of these albums as a kid. i dread to think how much my parents spent.
shhhh.  it's still painful.
i have to admit the name irks me as well.  but it's my home town team and i love and support them.  makes it easy when they kick ass all the time, too.
can't tell if joking or actually think this is an american football subreddit...
they did go down a lot.
completely agree with everything you say. as you say, the majority of people for the idea have little to no interest in lower league, what they probably describe as 'shit' football. 
true actually, it's obvious!
i tend to agree. he's building something and for once, it's exciting. under capello/sven etc the plan wasn't clear. 
seriously. it's not the first time he's [commented like this](http://www.reddit.com/r/football/comments/28eyxr/casual_american_fan_here_how_do_i_start_following/ciauthe) either.
against a wall 
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i think that's the point.

for the first time in a long long time ive had the feeling that the plan isn't just to see out your contract and take the money.

i know they're all football men but i think roy is one of the few that would be just as involved and passionate if he was running a sunday league side as he is setting out a team for the world cup.

if he is sacked or allowed to resign i will be the first to march on soho square 
can't disagree with anything you've said, particularly regarding hodgson. not only is he planning for the future and doing a bloody good job of it, but he's a likeable, intelligent man. i'm with you - whatever happens, we should stick with him. 
there is a big streaming discussion in the sidebar of /r/worldcup that has the links to the streamed content and replays..
just practice a ton. as jussiadler suggests against a wall is a good option, when you start with taking your time with every shot you get a feeling for what works, start with shooting a ball that is lying still and if you gain a feel do it with a ball that is already rolling. 
shocking stuff from spain, really. exactly the same errors as they were making against the dutch. at no point did they look like a team that needed to score to stay in the world cup.

also, why the hell is iniesta out wide!? their best player (with a proven track record of performing for his national team!), played out of position so the midfield can accommodate both busquets and alonso!?
spain fuck ups and the king abdicates at the same time... 
thank you very much
as far as the 'fair play' goes, it's not moral, but it's legal, sadly... but we've seen the morality of the player who hit the croatian player in the back and got a red card...
use your other foot, or put cones in a straight line and see if you can bend it around them thats how i learnt when i was younger.
technically the cameroon player should be 2 metres away when the throw is taken. also, it would probably be called violent conduct/unsporting behaviour and at the least a yellow card, unless he managed to be clever and make it look accidental.
watch the premiere league on nbcsn. also, fox sports will start carrying the bundeglisa next year. goal.com &amp; fox soccer are solid sites. bleacher report has a good site. also ready the bbc &amp; guardian football pages. espnfc is ok. 
i stopped reading once it mentioned the usa are poor at it. reckon it'd end up as prime sas material
&gt; fox sports will start carrying the bundeglisa next year

seroiusly!? source?
a match with 0 goals can easily be as exiting to watch as a match with 5 goals...
thanks, i thought it might be something like that. i mean, i don't condone violence outside the rules of any sport, but man, it seems unsporting to crowd the line without any repercussions as well.
that was pure stupidity. why do something so blatant right in front of the referee? i mean, they were getting handled, but i don't think they were out of the game really until then.
sorry it's 2015-2016.

http://msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/bundesliga/story/fox-regains-bundesliga-tv-rights-starting-in-2015-season-101413
it really was idiotic, aswell as camerun team members pushing and fighting among themselves. rage overload...
another year of waiting...
not only statistically, but this is really the most exciting world cup! costa rica is the leader of the "death group", song and pepe doing shit, beautiful goals, ochoa, everything!
mexico v brazil definitely was.  
one match yes. but an average of 3 goals a game in 16 games means that there were probably a lot of good games to watch.
stuck in france with no tv so missing everything. so is del bosque losing his touch, just the inevitable waning of an excellent team or both?
haha

http://www.kolektomagazine.com/htmlfiles/filmarticles/filmarticleimages/whensaturdaycomes/wsc1.jpg


it was a foul play but the referee called advantage seeing as the ball was received by a croatian player after the throw in.
\#spainful
ah, thanks. i was concentrating on the lack of a call so much that i didn't even think about advantage.
vdb is stuck in the mentality that team which has won once will always win.  
spain, please play terrible against australia. we deserve the win more than you do
ddghfhgj
troll
who hates a sport that much where they go out of their way to shit on it?
i practiced a ton with just shooting into a goal. got one in my backyard and spent the entire off-season just shooting. it helped me a ton.
\\ here's a backslash for you
never was a big fan of spain, glad to see them exit early on. still pretty suprising. but hey, that's the world cup for ya!
sucks to suck
my personal opinion is that the management got the squad selection all wrong. most teams have learnt to overcome the tactics of the "golden era" spain. they failed to cultivate new talent. 
del bosque was adamant on sticking with the players who won him so much (most of whom were well in their 30's). players like negredo and llorente were overlooked at squad selection. after casillas' horrible game against holland, reina should have been started, but like i say, del bosque chose "loyalty over logic"
right, there's a lot of people saying it's just a mental rutt, but the spanish have been studied by every active manager for 6 years straight. they've had have had more than half a decade to decipher spain's tactics, and it looks like that has happened. spain needs to adapt. possession football fit them well, but it's old news, and they're going to have to find a new style. it might be an end of an era, if they can't find a style that suits them in the same way.
this made my day:) 
indeed
not if they play better. that shouldn't be too much of an issue, though. australia put up a better fight against the netherlands than spain did. i have to say that you guys played well against us. tip of my seat the entire game.
spain's strangling tiki taka was built around xavi, iniesta, and busquets. barcelona's recent decline (from their lofty standards) as the milage catches up with xavi was a pretty good preview of what to expect.

fernando torres is long past his best, casillas is more recently past his, xabi alonso is getting to the end of his career, etc etc.

all of spain's main players have played so many games competing for trophy after trophy - deep runs in international tournaments, the champions league, bitter la liga title fights, etc. they've fought (and won) a lot, so combine the milage with probably a little less hunger and this is what you get. the margins are fine at the top.

remember also that spain's attack and defense were never really better than other top teams, they just sucked the life out of games with their relentless possession. a few slips in the standard there and weaknesses that used to be covered over get exposed.
definitely not bribed. their problem is several factors,

1) they've won it all so the level of desire and motivation isn't as high.

2) their best players in the past such as xavi, villa, alonso etc. are now older and not as good. especially xavi who was the crux of their side.

3) not a very good defence and puyol is no longer there either.

4) del bosque didn't do well in this tournament.

5) teams are more accustomed to their style now and are more effective at countering it.

6) some small factors make a big difference. especially regarding mental strength and confidence. if silva had scored his easy chance against netherlands in the first half, it would have been 2-0 at the break in all likelihood. and who knows what would have happened.
i've been saying the same thing about iniesta's position. alonso out, iniesta back in the middle. 

the coach was too scared to take xavi out &amp;  put koke when he didn't perform.

&amp; torres over villa?

&amp; an anonymous silva kept on field with mata, cesc &amp; navas benched?


just use the hola! extension for chrome it allows you to use free vpn's in many different countries. just simply use a uk vpn and either the itv or bbc site for streaming they are both free and don't require a login.
holland a mid tier team? yeah right.

i think many factors played against spain. i agree they failed to cultivate new talents. spain never managed to replace puyol with a new talent for instance. also not only the players are old, they were burned out. in 2010 real and barça lost the champions league in earlier stages, giving the spanish players some time to recover and prepare for the african wc. not so much this time around.
then there is the diego costa case. del bosque promised him a starting slot if he joined spain instead of brazil. except they had no time to integrate him into their playstyle. yesterday was only the 4th official game of spain with costa, who by the way was still injured a month ago. del bosque trapped himself with him i think.
victor valdes missing with injury didn't help either. del bosque might have been less reluctant to substitute casillas after the holland debacle, valdes being quite more reliable than reina. also puyol isn't here anymore and it just shows. also i believe yesterday was the first time in a very very longtime that xavi didnt start a game with spain. he's old (34) but he was the brain of this team with iniesta, spain without his number 1 playmaker isn't the same.

i think we should also recognize the amazing job chile did yesterday, they played very well with a ton of energy, the pressing they did was formidable, a true team effort. the 3-5-2 worked well, of course spain managed to attack, but overall chile did a great job in the midfield suffocating the spanish.
the fact is that goals *do* make a game more exciting. while you can have a good 0-0 draw, chances are more likely it was a dour, unexciting match. so far, what we've seen from most teams is a refreshing desire to actually win the first match, as opposed to not lose it.
[stand back.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvad8zl5ngg#t=16)
most of whom are well into their 30s? there are 6 players in their whole squad, including 2 keepers, and iniesta who is only 30. and of those 6 only 4 started te first game (xavi, iniesta, casillas, alonso) one of which is a keeper, and in the second game xavi didn't start.

granted a couple of their key players are well into their 30s (xavi, alonso, casillas) but a 33 year old keeper shouldn't be on the decline and why would del bosque think dropping xavi/ alonso is a good idea? they are so key to how they play, but i guess in hindsight it is easy to say they are too old and "past it".

hardly "most of whom are well into their 30s", more like 2 outfield players and a goalkeeper
that's why i'm hoping they still play the way they did the last two games. that match definitely showcased why we love football
hopefully spain can round off this wooden spoon worthy performance with a loss to australia.
bringing llorente or negredo instead of costa would surely have resulted in the same problem, only without costa's poor fitness and motivation (it must be hard to play in front of a hostile crowd from you own country). i just can't see llorente or negredo playing tiki-taka.

i'd probably have brought jese rodríguez or muniain. they'd have played proudly for spain, as opposed to costa.
das es gut, ja?
they missed a new generation of players. the core players like villa, torres, xavi, xabi alonso, iniesta and casillas are 30+ years old

as a figure: 4 players from the dutch 2010 wc final game squad are at the 2014 wc. in the spanish team there are 16 still present (didn't check, heard it on tv).

and what do you mean by mid-tier? if you believe the elo rating (and many prefer it over the official fifa ranking), both the netherlands and chile are ranked higher than spain. chile and the netherlands are top notch.
yup, i knew it was one of the two.. i guesses wrong :(
i love that idea and it seems great fun, but: http://25.media.tumblr.com/c162b4cdcfaab4906c8c415fa1990650/tumblr_mknrm2uhmk1ry9yd4o1_250.gif
i saw this a year or so ago, and was thinking about it when i made the op, actually.
raheem sterling is the key for england's success.
would be even more interested if i could understand it.
watch video clips of how the pros do it and practice the shit out of it wherever you can.
in my playing days i was probably more confident and accurate hitting the ball with the outside of my foot
diego costa. enough said
the screen is big enough, i have been there. it looks a bit distorted in the photo because of the wide angle.
he was a major issue, but i think as pointed out in the article there were several other issues. especially regarding their style of play!
i meant the pictures. they are 245*180 not exactly high def.

how was the atmosphere there? it seems really really cozy and nice.


i dont think you understand english football culture if you think expectations coming into the world cup were low. 
haha, that is true. it is really cool there, great relaxed atmosphere and a nice mixture of people.
it's in berlin right?

i was considering going to hamburg (as i live in denmark) should the germans make the final.
adios spain! 
so, no pepe, no coentrao and no ronaldo. the future of portugal in the world cup looks very bleak.
he was limping?

people sound worried?
i'm english and understand the english game, culture. expectations were low. you're crazy if you think otherwise. 
[**@seriea_tim**](https://twitter.com/seriea_tim):
&gt;[2014-06-19 14:36:40 utc](https://twitter.com/seriea_tim/status/479633868916793344)

&gt;le 20 squadre della nuova [#serieatim](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23serieatim), stagione 2014-2015 [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bqgadiqcuaatvsu.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/gjkp2qp.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/28k1ct%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

source?

edit: http://www.goal.com/en/news/3790/world-cup-2014/2014/06/19/4896627/usa-striker-jozy-altidore-out-of-portugal-clash
comepletely forgot they had navas i'm the squad. what a great option to stretch the play. if you're going to try a more direct approach with costa then surely it makes sense to stretch the play!? pedro and navas on either wing with a midfield three of iniesta, fabregas and busquets would have been more suited to direct approach, i think.

or they could have gone back to the tried and proven false 9 formation and dropped costa (who didn't even look fit). seemed like a half-arsed approach to shoe in costa which ultimately led to an early exit.
well, not a lot of people like southern football. they are great players, high skill, very good teamplay... but that movie-acting with every little touch, emotional bulshit, absolute lack of fair-play spirit in spanish players... it just ruins it for me. they should start giving yellow cards for that southern shit and root it out. 
i feel you though. that type of stuff ran rampant at barcelona. any call that's not given they're raging off the bench. true the diving is awful. especially at the world cup in the world's eyes. nobody wants to see that, besides the refs have been really lenient thus far so heavy challenges can potentially go uncarded. i'm suprised to see brazil not diving as much, particularly neymar. really refreshing to be honest. 
hasn't he pulled out of training before each of his last three games and then went on to play 90+ in all of them (although not really good)?
navas isn't in the squad, didn't get picked.
navas didn't get picked for the final squad.
yes in berlin at the union berlin stadium "alte försterei".
i suppose they can't afford not to play him. it's like princess leia said, "help me cristiano ronaldo, you're my only hope."
[**@acf_fiorentina**](https://twitter.com/acf_fiorentina):
&gt;[2014-06-19 15:53:22 utc](https://twitter.com/acf_fiorentina/status/479653172622147584)

&gt;ufficiale [@cuadrado](https://twitter.com/cuadrado) è tutto dell' [@acf_fiorentina](https://twitter.com/acf_fiorentina) : "orgoglioso di questa scelta della fiorentina, ora voglio il massimo con la colombia"

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/28kbfk%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

ah! scrap what i said then! still, i think it was a half arsed attempt to fit a costa into the system.
alitodore will be gone in this match if that makes it anymore even.
you'd have that thought that navas would have worked well with costa. navas got injured away at liverpool (iirc) and didn't play again therefore didn't get picked for the spain squad.
it doesn't look good for them in the later stages even if they make it through this one
his dr from club team says he risks his career if he continues in the world cup. team hasn't given any statement so can't really say anything
interestingly enough, there's another term for a sport, the [first recorded use of which was in the letters page of the *new york times.*](http://i.imgur.com/xrnepzy.jpg)
ohh no, how will they beat portugal now?
the field.
the 'pitch' is the football field.
".. the german national anthem just sounds like a nazi rally cry."  no.  

this "article" gave me cancer.
haha, this is so bad it somehow turns great! what a complete douchebag.
10 shots at goal per any given game. just fucking die.  sry my language. hoolingans cursing your family, just jump the bridge now! sry again. i'll just leave now. 
pathetic.  

the author is a soccer hater masquerading as a real fan.

he spends half the article lambasting americans for being bandwagon fans, while one of his other articles is entitled "leave the bandwagon fans alone," in which he criticizes "real fans" for criticizing bandwagon fans.

-1 for linking to some shitlord's blog post.
not that surprising, hammys are very easy to re-injure as well as take a long time to heal.
i agree that soccer in america becomes much more popular during the world cup but so what? people like cheering for their country here regardless of the sport. the last line though pissed me off.

 "we can all stop pretending that soccer is something we actually care about." 

to many people in america it means a hell of a lot. it's people like this author that piss me off during the world cup. i don't care if someone has never gotten into soccer before but get's swept up and becomes a fan for a month. they care about it and good for them. 

the people that say soccer is boring and dumb so that's why they don't watch it? fine you don't have to watch. but the people that watch and continue to say it's not a big fucking deal or it's stupid and boring piss me off. if you don't like it don't watch it, but don't be a hypocrite and piss and moan about it while watching. either support or don't, but don't support and constantly bitch and moan about it.
tennis = court
football = pitch
so terrible
yet another gerrard to suarez goal.
with no coentrao and no pepe at the back, i'd say with a good counter attack. 

and hope portugal's midfield is as chaotic as on sunday. this coming from a portugal fan.
cuz gerrard always assists suarez, he couldn't help it.
i'm no football expert, but wasn't that dude off side when he scored that last goal?
you are no football expert. :p the last touch was off an england head.
honestly, this might happen many years, but a realistic england fan would have seen that in 2014 she looks like a hag, and she's not gonna sleep with you.  england bowing out of the world cup is not that surprising... you have a team with half of it too old... and half of it young and learning.  everyone in the press, and even england's old coach was saying before the tournament that winning it wasn't a possibility.

in 2018 though, england could be really good as players like sterling, barkley, sturridge and others are very promising.
disagree entirely, with that crop and a bit of luck and we could have done some damage. 
with a better draw (ie not being in a group with two other top 10 teams) you could have gotten out of the group stage, maybe even won the round of 16.... but realistically a qf appearance was the best possible scenario.

down the road the team will be better.
then every now and then you date a nice looking european that reminds you vaguely of that other girl and that classic woman you once saw in a 1966 copy of playboy.

she leads you on tickles your balls a bit but ultimately leaves you because she doesn't see a red traffic light...misses the brake and drives straight off the road into a crowd.


".....pearce!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
ok guys thanks for all the advice. =)
could've just googled it ya silly billy.
this makes me sad. 
you should realize from the start that she's out of your league. go for someone in your own league.
haha, its been more than 10 years since i played. good to know!
this article was fantastically awful. 
not really a surprise, is it? he's probably done for this whole cup and klinsman isn't announcing it because what's the point of telling the enemy something that gives them advantage in game-planning?

i've heard all sorts of tactical "geniuses" voicing out all sorts of potential strategies against portugal. truth is, the only traditional target man on the team is altidore. if we don't have him, we will have to play a different style. probably a two-striker setup, only way to hold enough portuguese defenders/dms at their side of the field. which means bradley might have another quiet day, working the middle of the pitch and not going up so much. if ronaldo plays injured like in the first game, i think the usa has a shot. there are holes in the portuguese squad and you can't underestimate the psychological effect of losing 4x0, and having 3.5 of your best players out injured or suspended. 
actually, ricardo costa is an amazing defender, and i think he can easily fill pepe's shoes. no idea about coentrao's position though.
well shes wouldn't cheat on u....  if u were good enough! 
with a bit of luck we could've even won both games.  they were fairly even.  just the way it goes sometimes.
yes looks like it. aren't spain the u19 world champions? so there are many young players ready to step in plus established players like mata and fabregas, deulofeu and several others who weren't really integrated into the team.
thanks yeeperg. that's very good. i'd never heard that one before.
koke came in pretty late. i just felt they committed to costa and it meant villa had to sit out which didn't help. casillas i was really disappointed with. 

but then again i was listening to this football podcast and it really helped me with the spanish loss. they talked about how it is a good thing because this team has won everything and it is kind of a closure thing. and now we can move on to the next phase which is still full of excitement since so many great players are in the spanish assembly line.
that doesn't really follow the analogy dude.
just the way it goes everytime......if you're england
lol rooney is still a terrific player, playing for modern-age england will make you look shitty, no matter who you are. 
the one thing we lack (and have for some time) is an out and out striker who scores regularly. someone in the shearer/lineker role.
that and a player who controls the midfield like a pirlo would be a big addition too.
a whore.
seriously english fans i don't know what you expected when you see gary neville as the fucking assistant coach.
try being ireland. get talking in '94 before she runs off with a dutch guy and forgets about you. in '02, she says hello and you think you're in with a chance, but you never see her again after. you think you see her in 2010 but some french guy is in the way :(
at least you're not england. you go to the party dressed to impress, haven't got laid since '66 and this is the year your swollen bollocks get their sweet relief. but like the year before, and the year before that, you get blind drunk in the first half an hour and throw up all over the carpet.
from a dejected, disappointed, mildly hungover england fan, this is brilliant. 
football is the last thing i would complain about if i were norwegian... i'd start with the overpriced beer. i'd then complain about the cold. then i'd complain about the lack of awesome shit happening around me, because none of my favorite bands tour in norway. 

sorry kid, your population is barely 5 million. you can't play football on a mountain.
roy hodgson killed us
heh we lost our first two games and are most likely going out in the group stages (last time that happened was 1958). its been our worst world cup start ever. may not have expected to win the world cup but definitely expected more.
&gt;hosted the last party

that was sa. spain was the life party in 2010.
norwegian music is awesome. why would they need anyone bringing their watered down unoriginal bands to their grim and frostbitten kingdom.
in one word: painful. 
is that really a loss? 
i think the draw completely screwed us over, had we been drawn in an easier group this team could do damage (albeit our defense is still awful)
overhyped, easy. he tried to hard to be david beckham when really he should have been trying to improve upon himself rather than aiming for something else
as much as i like this advert his acting is awful!

shoot!

long pause

cider in face.
at the end of the day he has scored 40 goals for england and i believe that without him we would have struggled to reach tournaments for years. when he retires he will go down as one of the best england players of this and many other generations.
that's why i like it. it's like he's genuinely throwing cider into his own face for money. 
honestly, wilshere would've filled that role nicely. he's aggressive and controls the ball well. gerrard should have been replaced yesterday when it was clear he wasn't getting it done. he wasn't even taken out *after* his mistakes had caused damage. that one position could've completely changed that game. 

yes, everyone looks up to him but he was getting handled yesterday and was a detriment to the team.

when you finally bring someone into the middle to firm it up, it's lallana? not good enough.
like the girls that were ugly in year 7(2014), but turned out to be pretty good looking in year 13 (2016/18).
if you'd tasted the best hand crafted norwegian beer, you'd realize the quality is on par with the best french wines. at $15 a bottle, it's incredibly cheap.
try being a scotland fan 
like you i don't think the spanish team will be gone for long. i'm also glad that del bosque is staying. i don't think he could have done anything. like hodgson his team didn't perform. unlike hodgson's group they had already proved themselves.
okay, here's what it's like to be a germany fan:
while you are at these fancy parties with all these international friends you can be proud of yourself. 
you can talk about how you changed these years, how you look better, you achieved a lot of stuff and helped a lot of neighbours out of their misery. everyone seems fine with it, hell at these parties everyone keeps liking themselves, too. at the end of the parties, everyone stays the same, they are confident and open minded about how proud they are of themselves and how they like themselves. 

not you. 

once the party is over you have to go back and keep reminding yourself how miserable you are, what you did wrong, how you did so many wrong things in history for which you are still guilty and that you shouldn't be proud of yourself and your recent accomplishments, no matter how good they were. 

and if you tend to make the mistake to still be proud of yourself after the party... well, better dress up in protective gear because there's going to be a major shitstorm coming onto you.
so far:
rvpersie
neymar
arjen robben
thomas muller
ochoa mexico's keeper
lionel messi
luis suarez
andrea pirlo
edinson cavani
eden hazard/sergio aguero
itt: german humour
we all got our troubles and priorities, man.
haha! we usually end up playing matches against you because you also are not in the world/europe cup ;d
that list is total bullocks.
for a moment i thought i was watching a different cup.
or an ireland fan. we still talk about getting to the quarter finals in italia '90...
for me it's more like this:  

i say: hey i like you!  
she shows me her 4 tits.  
that's a win i'd say, but i don't know what will follow.
completely agree.
clint dempsey hahahahahahaha good one america
getting cockblocked by a suave frenchman? ;)
dempsey&gt;pirlo... insanity.
dane here. you got to the party 22 years ago as a +1 but your date canceled and you showed up alone.  still managed to be the life of the party but now people wonder why you're not fun anymore. 
"perhaps the best world cup ever". thats a very bold statement considering we're literally only half way through the group stage. 
most potent player - lol, what is that? how many kids they have?
i'm welsh. that is all.
australians: stoked to be there, didn't have high expectations for the party, still get beaten up but not nearly as bad as we expected and walk away with a good night!
how do you explain what things mean to someone who's both deaf and blind? awesome friends though, most people can only wish they had such good friends.
or austrian fan. we still talk about beating germany in '76 in the world cup...
iceland: the younger brother who always was jealous of his older brothers going parties over the years. he finally matured , got all dressed up and went to a party, after convincing some of his brothers he was old enough. but when he got to the door of the house, the host denied him entrance; claiming he was still too young and immature. 
"gorau chwarae cyd chwarae", my friend.
&gt; ie not being in a group with ~~two~~ three other top 10 teams

that's what costa rica said
i wonder why he looks at the screen though, perhaps he's only partially blind? amazing video nonetheless. 
here is a list of premature and overrated conclusions.
funny tweet i read : supporting england is a bit like buying a lottery ticket. for 20 minutes you think you have a chance and then you realise you're a deluded fuck.
as you say, carlos can just see the light and shades, he is not totally blind.
ah!, i know what you mean. it has to do with learning sign language and explaining with forms and shapes. it can't be easy, and a lot of meaning can be lost for sure, but hey, he is having fun!
uruguay are doing pretty well with a one man team, there's hope for you too. 
this is my first time seeing it and it's one of the most beautiful videos i've ever seen. 
gob bless the people who help the blind man btw it was funny when the dude trolled the blind man after brazil scored the 2nd goal by smacking him in the head with the board hahaha the blind man was pissed!!! lol
hi, i'm brazilian.
.
.
.
i'm just trying to be a dick.
.
i'm sorry.
my only joy about this is that game^tm that all norwegians are still talking about: when we beat you in wc '98: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8bdsjm0e6e
i have erased that world cup from my mind. what happened? ;)
great step foward for the future of the mls!
aw that's too bad. here are some more highlights ;)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvkqxonx_ig
sdgfhhjgj
i'm american we barely know how to party but we can do it better than ghana finally!
how can i talk to the guy in the blue? is there any way i can reach him?

why is he wearing a watch?
hey guys me and my friend decided to start a new football channel. we would really love it if you would check out our 1 minute channel preview and if you enjoy hit that subscribe button and any feedback is appreciated. thank you :)
perhaps it's something like this?
http://m.bbc.com/news/magazine-26920782
this is why brazil deserves to win the world cup. that country is so football mad that nothing comes close. 
i think most english fans are sort of indifferent by now. the constant disappointment does that to you. 
adobe illustrator is the best software to do vector files, the advantage of vector files is that you can edit the file as you want without loosing the quality if the file. so i can enlarge it or remove or edit the text much easier than doing it on flat images.

i am sorry for not recording my voice on the video.

so here is one of my work when i create vector 3d football soccer.

here is the steps:

1 - in this video i use inner glow for the inside small shapes i prefer to do that better than doing outline color for the shapes.

2 - also i use envelop "object - distort to make - make with warp" of the entire shapes and adjust the points.

3 - i draw a circle and squares and make them as guides to align the points and handles to the same place all around.

i hope you like my video please press like if you find it useful to and i am ready for any comments to make it much better.

please subscribe to get notified for more tutorial.

you can watch more of my videos at:
http://www.youtube.com/user/khsana04

facebook page:
http://www.facebook.com/designingarttipsandtricks

thank you
really disappointing after not so bad performance

i'm not too familiar with either of these teams' squads.  does someone have a breakdown of strengths and weaknesses in either team?

regardless, general rule of thumb is that quarterback is the most important position, followed by de (or linebackers in a 3-4) that can generate a strong pass rush.  special teams can play a role, but they usually are very inconsistent.  nevertheless, having great field position is an underrated stat.  even the best offenses struggle with being pinned back behind their 20 yard line.
well, i don't know much about iran, rather then that they played the boring match ever against nigeria.

argentina on the other hand, has the biggest names on the attack and one of the best squads allround.

they both play without quarterbacks :d
had to look up this post. costa rica is getting out of the group, and really either of italy/uruguay is possible.

though, that spain/netherlands prediction fell pretty flat.
same as waddle himself then, who won bugger all also.
i said i'd be surprised if costa rica made it out of group d- and i am. they've performed much better than i anticipated.

you were partly right about group b, that one of either netherlands or spain would be going through to the next round- just perhaps not how anyone expected things to play out.
the feeling that the party would be a much, much better party if we were there and that we're just as cool as the cool kids. not forgetting all the parties we used to go to, get wasted and be put in a taxi home by 10pm
exceptionally talented as a younger player, didn't reach the levels that were expected of him when he matured. he takes criticism to heart and pays too much attention to negativity. it eats away at him and affects his performance. fitness has been a major issue also, not just the injuries.

the last reason why i think that rooney hasn't lit-up the world stage is that sir alex ferguson is the only manager to have been able to get the most our if him.
hey guys first of all i would like to thank you for check out this post. my friend and i made a youtube channel based on football and we would greatly appreciate it if you would check out our 1 minute preview. any feedback is appreciated. thank you.
i'll try to answer to best of my knowledge: 

1. world cup teams are national teams so players can only play for the team of their nationality. those with dual nationalities must choose 1 team and can't switch again i'm their lifetime. clubs can hire any nationality to play for their team.

2. the world cup is currently in the group stages. there are 8 groups with 4 teams in each group. each team plays each other once. a win gives you 3 points. a draw is 1 point and a loss is 0 points. the two teams with the most points advance to the next stage. if 2 teams are equal on points then they take into accounts goals difference (goals scored - goals conceded).

3. diving is a disgrace to the sport and players are heckled n booed for it by the fans but managers and coaches will encourage it because it may sway the referee to give the foul or worse such as a yellow or red card. even if the referee doesn't give the foul if you act hurt and your teammates protest on your behalf it may sway his future decisions. also diving is usually done in the opposing teams goal box because divers try to get penalties.


thanks for the help! i'm still a bit confused about number one though. so a club can hire any nationality, but the national team can only hire people with dual citizenships? and if you have dual citizenship, you choose one and can never go back? sorry for the dumb questions, just trying to get it all figured out :)
yes, its like hockey and the olympics.

sidney crosby plays for the pittsburgh penguins... but he's not from pittsburgh, he's from canada and plays for team canada at the olympics.

or basketball.... manu ginobili plays for the san antonio spurs and for argentina
thanks!
yes to everything except the national team players don't need to have dual nationality. as long as the player has the nationality he can play for the national team of that nationality. 

example 1: a player only has french nationality he can only play for france but he can play for any club anywhere in the world. 

example 2: a player has french and moroccan nationality. he can choose to play for the french or moroccan national team. he chooses to play for france. he can no longer play for morocco or any other national team. he can still play for any club, anywhere he wants.
romero+10
at least we'll benefit from all the attention reza's getting...
ex. bale: http://youtu.be/dg3ef8i-rfe
i love how everyone i knew was like:


"yeah we can still go through, all we need is italy to win their remaining matches, so we're practically already through"

costa rica beats italy

"pff, the ref was bias"

oh the excuses...
is that the keeper? because that guy did an amazing job. 
i dunno . . . it's nice when the underdog gets something, but i don't want too many games of defensive negative football
agreed. i actually think he's talking a load of bollocks but i've heard a range of views on the england performances so thought it would be a decent discussion point. seems like we're trying to develop some kind of footballing style which is more than we've been doing for the last 15 years at least.

his 'build from the back' point also has little value, i reckon. we've held a pretty consistent back line over the years so to point the blame at our selection choice at the back is odd.
he's right. england has lost loads more shootouts after he missed his kick in 1990.
they were fantastic but messi's gonna be messi.
haha!
what commandant1 said is pretty much true but, as with most things, it's a little more complicated than that. many football associations try to limit the number of foreigners playing for clubs in order to encourage the development of native talent.

a lot of eu leagues used to have limits but this is now against eu laws on free labour if the foreigner is from the eu. it's still legal to limit the number of non-eu players. 

i can't really speak for other associations apart from uefa.
lol. the ref is as much as a cunt as carter is. fuck him. and messi a faggot. fuckin 90th min...
we're all angry, but we can't call messi a faggot. he's the greatest player in the world.


didnt her then fiance get arrested for this right before the wedding?
gucci played really well
he had an awesome match, but i was talking about ghoochannejhad
there is no chance now.
it's not negative. it was a good defensive display. if you want negative play look at how the argentinians went down supposedly injured only to get up when a free kick was given
i'm not saying it wasn't a great display, and like i say i enjoyed the fact the underdog managed to put up such a display . . . i'm just saying that too many of these games wouldn't be good for the tournament.

and what i mean by 'negative' football, i meant the defensive positioning, closing down etc. . . . sorry, i wasn't clear enough, my bad.

as a neutral spectator, i was just trying to say i'd rather watch games with two opposing attacking sides (e.g. ghana vs germany) as opposed to defensive ones such as this one. sry for the confusion as to my use of negative, is that a bit better? :)
yeah. i know what you meant. it is i who should be apologising, i took my frustration with the media (who always say defensive = negative) on you. i also like to see end to end games as long as it's not my team of course!
haha, it's no problem . . . and yeah me too, now that england are gone, and south africa never even qualified (dual nationalities &amp; i still can't see them win), all i want from this tournament is big plays &amp; goals now :d
i think that's just the case with the nigeria v. bosnia game that just ended.  i was a tad disgruntled by the calls.
same for bosnia now too. a goal wrongly chalked off for a dubious offside. possible foul by nigeria in the run-up to their goal.
i still don't really don't understand the massive controversy over nigeria's goal.  on the first view, it looks like the nigerian player took down the bosnian defender, but on the replay, the dude seemed to go down pretty easily.  somewhat questionable perhaps, but i don't think the non-call was that worthy of all of the controversy it has generated.
yes
they have been using the spray in south america for many years. they were using it in 2011 copa america. you europeans are bit slow.
translation: i want to retire.
how is that even possible?!
actually, if he chooses to play for france he can play for morocco. even if hes already played for france. i think unless he has played for france in a compeditive fixture he cant play for morroco. diego costa played friendlies for brazil then chose to play for spain. 
kevin-prince boateng played for the german under-15, under-16, under-17, under-19, under-20 and under-21 national teams and before he got his first senior cap he decided to play for ghana! 
perhaps op is referring to the disallowed goal for offside? as for the cross leading to nigeria's goal i did not see that as a foul. give it and you further reduce the physical aspect
think of clubs as businesses, buying selling and loaning players.

kevin-prince boateng is from ghana and has german nationality also, he played for the german under-15, under-16, under-17, under-19, under-20 and under-21 national teams and before he got his first senior cap for germany he decided to play for ghana! funnily enough his brother jerome boateng decided to play for germany, and they played against each other today in the world cup!
yeah i'm pretty sure they're referring to the wrongly disallowed goal which would've changed the game completely. but now you mention it the nigerian goal probably was a foul but to see him clip the bosnian defender you had to watch the replays about 5 more times with slow motion and magnifying so you can't really blame the ref for that one
i think i've never seen worse refs than in this match. 

nigerian players have stolen 10minutes by laying around,  the gk took 5 minutes for evey goal kick,  they called offside when there was none,  and then they call 3 fucking minutes of added time? 

just seing begovic's reactions tells you everything. he's always the coolest guy,  but lost it last night. 

kolasinac, besic and pjanic were cursing at the refs which rarely ever happened before... 


all that combined made the concentration of the players drop, and that resulted in a bad performance in the match. susic also made rather stupid decisions (replacing hajrovic and lulic,  and letting tino susic play; be should've started the game with two attackers). 

i guess fifa doesn't want to lose another "strong" team in the next stage,  and france has always had difficult matches against bosnia. 

but let's be happy for actually seeing bosnia attending a wc. next stop: european cup

go bosnia! 
he was injured? i remember watching the porvger game and thinking man ronaldo is running everywhere trying to make something happen. the irnvarg game put the fear of the almighty in me watching a single player's skill sink an entire team. 

---from a football noob
this is insane. teams can't be held accountable for fans especially when playing away from home. fifa is just doing this to say they've done something, each team will in turn put out a press release and some other social media shit. 
is this true???

does this mark end of his career?

the thing is. since he was nearest the ball and was in front of the nigerian player he is considered the "ball carrying" player. the nigerians player did hit the bosnian players foot with his knee (unintentionally). but that should be considered a foul. 
i am norwegian aswell, i know your feeling
i'm not sure there hasn't been worse refereeing. croatia got fucked over badly in the opening match too.
it's mostly useless. i mean, the referee has the player put the ball down for a free kick, and *then* he sprays his shit in front of it? what's the use?



yes, the guy who invented it tried to sell it to fifa, and they said fuck off. then made their own.
it stops him moving the ball and ensures the kick is taken from the spot where the infringement took place, as is the rule. it also stops the player taking the kick from moving the ball forward and gaining a few yards.  
i've been watching football weekly for over twenty years, and the one or two times i've seen that happen in free kicks that were as important as the ones that the ref gets his foam out, the player got a yellow card.


and didn't do it again.

as i said: this is pretty useless (and infantilising) stuff. 
well would you not agree that reducing the number of bookings for such silly reasons is a benefit to the game? and as for the 'infantilising' viewpoint - if players are going to act like toddlers and moan about how someone has moved a ball 2 yards or how a wall is only 9 1/2 yards away instead of 10, is it not a fairly sensible idea to treat them like the immature kids that they resemble? 

i'm a fan of anything that will give the referee more authority, and as a result inspire the players to give him the due respect. it'll lead to a better game in the long run.
i guess you could same the game got *messi* for iran at the end.

(•_•)

( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■ 

(⌐■_■)  
yeah,  that too. 
obviously fifa doesn't like balkan countries... 

let's hope croatia goes far
yeah... them and every other top club in the world.
it would be a great addition
yes, he's been injured for a while. that was ronaldo at around 60%. dude is really, really good. also, the germans did a good job of marking him with two and sometimes three players, which was easier because portugal was playing most of the game  with one man down since pepe was sent off. 
not necessarily a bad thing, for football in america anyway, some new fans will start following the mls and the sport will grow in their country. i'm more annoyed with all the 'concacaf bros' posts every time any north or central american side wins, most normal fans hate their nearby rivals. 
i have no idea what you just said.
i dont know man, i had really high expectations for belgium against algeria. i was disappointed because belgium has an amaaaazing squad. i am expecting this to be a 1-1 tie.
but the people start "loving" footbal after the win, with very luck, against ghana. before that usa it was just a normal team. if they pass the group the people will ban american footbal from the country?? lol
a lot of us liked it before, but at least its growing.

[relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=662d9ee_phc)

doesn't get funny till about 30 seconds
in the us, geographical rivalries aren't really a thing because of the way their leagues/divisions/conferences are set up.
a win is a win, no matter how lucky, as i said you'll get some fans who follow the sport a lot more &amp; you'll get some that will forget about it until 2018, that's just how it goes.
i guess you haven't been watching http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6q8qncwbl4
soooo a british team then?
maybe you should all just focus on cricket instead?that way you only have to beat a few countries and not *all* the countries.

alternately you could do like the us does with it sports and *only* play against uk countries. "this year at the super world cup: england, scotland and wales. ireland declined."
россия - бельгия
спасибо погоде: екатеринбуржцы будут смотреть матч россия бельгия в фан зане в цпкио
бельгия vs россия чм 2014 футбол смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир 22 06 обзор
бельгия россия чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир футбол 22 06 14
бельгия - россия. прогноз верблюда шахина
прогноз константина генича на матч бельгия - россия на чм-2014
россия : бельгия - обзор предстоящих игр сборной россии. чм по футболу
виртуальность чм-2014 бельгия - россия
бельгия - россия. групповой турнир чм-2002
товарищеский матч 2010 россия - бельгия
россия бельгия чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир видео по футболу 22 06 2014 россия 1
как должен был закончиться матч россия - бельгия чм 2014 22.06.2014
бельгия - россия 1:0 футбол чемпионат мира лучшие моменты 22.06.14
россия - бельгия 0:1 чемпионат мира по футболу 2014
бельгия — россия 22.06.2014 | чемпионат мира
прогноз никиты ковальчука на матч бельгия - россия на чм-2014
бельгия-россия. прямая трансляция.
россия-бельгия.н.чм по футболу 2002г.1 тайм
belgium vs russia 1-0 all goals &amp; highlights | бельгия - россия 1-0 2014
бельгия-россия 3-2 (2002) / belgium-russia 3-2 (2002)
товарищеский матч. россия - бельгия (2010)
россия бельгия чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир по футболу 22 06 2014 россия 1 голы
россия бельгия футбол чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир 22 06
fifa world cup 2014 brazil - путь до финала![россия - бельгия]
прогноз №10 на чм 2014 (бельгия - россия)
россия бельгия футбол чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир 22 06 голы
бельгия алжир чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир россия 1
россия бельгия прогноз кто победит чемпионат мира по футболу 2014
россия-бельгия.н.чм по футболу 2002г.2 тайм
россия - бельгия | fifa world cup 2014 | 22/06/2014 | belgium - russia
2014 fifa world cup brazil - #2 россия vs бельгия
россия бельгия 0-1 первый гол чм 2014 по футболу обзор голы
россия бельгия 0-1 первый гол ориджи чм 2014 по футболу обзор голы
россия бельгия кокорин промахнулся с 3х метров по воротам чм по футболу 2014 голы обзор
россия бельгия футбол чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир 22 06 голы
россия бельгия чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир футбол 22 06 14
россия бельгия чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир футбол 22 06 обзор
россия бельгия футбол чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир 22 06 обзор
россия бельгия футбол чм 2014 смотреть онлайн трансляция прямой эфир 22 06 видео
россия бельгия футбол
hope solo... ah!
it's more important for the players making a wall, they tend to move a lot. 
"goal-line technology" is a joke.. why can't they just use cameras to show slow-motion replays? why do they have to show the poorly-made animation for *obvious* goals? i like the attempt to innovate but it's honestly kind of embarrassing..
the animations are just for show - when the ball crosses the line the referee is informed immediately, iirc.

furthermore, they can't "just use the cameras" because there have been a few cases (i believe in the premiership) where too many players have blocked the view of the ball from the camera and thus even the camera couldn't see if the ball had crossed the line.

the animation is to show what several cameras from different angles are capturing. there isn't another way to simulateously show what those cameras captured

i agree that there is no need to show it on the obvious goals, they're just doing that now because it's new. in a few years they'll only show it on close calls. 

it's worked marvelously in the world cup so far for the ochoa save and the benzema goal
belgium 1-0

of course i'm cheating :p
i was sure belgium will win! russia still has chances to get out of the group though. russia is always lucky to be in a group with not so strong teams (except for belgium). can't say the same about us :/
i can't believe they haven't used it until now! it should be mandatory in all big european leagues and tournaments
ok, i may seem stupid, but i just don't get it. is this saying that ghana is fixing world cup matches? or just other international games
other international games.
if you watch the espn 30 for 30 on the subject (a great film) its still unclear if it was as a result of the goal, or as a result of a bar fight with a drug dealer.


i might be misreading your comment, so i apologise if so, but you appear to not be realising that 2 yards difference on a free kick can be the difference between scoring or not, and how far away the wall is is even more important - half a yard can be the difference between the ball going over the bar or dipping enough to go in.
do you ever wish there was still a yugoslavian team? they used to be one of the best in the world and always feared. last time round serbia and slovenia qualified- and montenegro and macedonia have proved they know how to play the game too.

(only for football though!)
disgusting. this alone, even if it has no influence on the world cup, should be reason enough to expel ghan from the world cup.
she can domestically abuse me. :)
i certainly hope the usa and germany don't agree to play to a draw to their mutual advantage.  that would be a real shame for ghana. 
probably not a lot of former top class players come to the mls!
before the penalty shootout was invented there was many a european game that ended in a toin coss.
win: through, 1st in group

draw: through, 2nd in group

lose: if ghana and portugal draw then usa are though. if usa lose 1-0, ghana have to win 2-0 to get 2nd etc. if usa lose 1-0, portugal have to win 4-0 to get 2nd etc.
the official story was a bar fight. some people, notably his mother, thought the fight was related to the match, not any drug deal gone bad. the name of the movie is "the two escobars", i believe. agree it's excellent!
so the us has pretty good odds?
i was 10 when that happened. i remember that game and the the day he died. a lot of covarage from the spanish networks. 
well not saying the wc is rigged but the penalty given to brazil in the first match was very fishy. 

along with the canceled croatian goal because of a 'foul' on the brazilian keeper. 
i'll chalk the first 2 penalties we got against us up due to stupidity, thank fuck we're allready through the groupstages. insanely happy we got this no-name ref from ghana for our match against chile tonight, though.
this really isn't a surprise though, is it? hits the nail on the head with the attitude of cry one day and forget it the next. 
better then portugal's that's for sure :l
i highly doubt they will
yugoslavia was a great country. if it still existed, it would be one of the world's most powerful countries. however, i don't think yugoslavia could exist now because of everything that's happened in the past 20 years (politically and socially).


it would be awesome though...
sorry to nitpick, but it might come down to this. 

if usa lose 1-0 ghana only has to win by a margin of 2 to get through as the next deciding rule after goal difference, is total goals scored. so if they win 2-0, 3-1, 4-2 etc., they will go through. same with portugal. 
one of the best games i have seen in a long time.  i am really hoping that the usa qualifies, because the team has played superbly and with tremendous heart.  howard did a superb job in this game, but play for the us squad was absolutely brilliant overall.

although it is a bitter pill to swallow, this is actually a good result.  a near-victory which leaves the usa squad with a draw needed against germany.  given the solid us defence, a draw is not at all unlikely, and a victory is not at all impossible.

the usa squad has played a splendid game twice, and dazzled their supporter each time, while fulfilling their hopes and simultaneously leaving them anxious about the next game.  *this is what [association] football is all about.* geaux usa!
well with portugal that scenario is only relevant with a score of something like 5-1 or 6-2, which seems pretty unlikely.

in any case, what you have just said is generally implied when talking about hypothetical future scores. talking in terms of margin might be technically correct, but the dialogue seems to generally take the form of 2-0, 3-0 etc. 
don't get me wrong, i wasn't trying to say he was wrong or anything - obviously he's not. just saying it's a possible decider to think about. 
here's a pretty good read on it: http://www.businessinsider.com/us-world-cup-group-scenarios-2014-6

in other words, usa has a very big chance of going through.
actually, ghana would need a high scoring one goal win in that case. in case of a victory margin of 2 goals over portugal, it wouldn't matter how many usa score if they lose by a single goal.
ghfhgjghjk
gesundheit
unpopular opinion but he's lucky that germany didn't really have too many great options in his position for quite some time now. that's why he's 36 and still get's to play. (he's far from world-class at this point in time)

a great player of course. there is no doubt of that.
in my opinion, world-class forwards score goals. klose does, so he deserves the spot and every minute hes playing
well whoever wins the group is playing the second place team from group h, with the winner of group h (belgium probably) being a far harder game i would imagine both teams would want to secure top of the group rather than mutually agree to progress. 
you've literally just copied-and-pasted from [this daily mail online article](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/worldcup2014/article-2664659/miroslav-klose-equals-brazilian-ronaldos-world-cup-goalscoring-record.html). pisspoor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuwb1qxy9ww
why would they ever agree to a draw? that's ridiculous
i don't knowof you're kidding, but fyi if they draw they both go through to the next round garantueed.

thing is: the germans already did something like this years ago andit is still considered one of the worst hours of our national team. and i think the us boays, still haven't fully grasped the idea of a draw...
and by 2014 the corporate sponsors are included -_-
the real concern is who officiated those games with greasy palms.

when you look at their squad you can't help but doubt the manager ability. they have amazing players and qualifying second in wc qc isn't good.
interesting, though it's not as though nobody is doing it. i'd say the majority of people would recognize most of those things as important. 
[of course a draw would suit both teams...]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_germany_v_austria_(1982))
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
 [**west germany v austria (1982)**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west%20germany%20v%20austria%20(1982\)): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;__west germany versus austria__ was a controversial [1982 fifa world cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_fifa_world_cup) game played at the [el molinón stadium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_molin%c3%b3n), [gijón](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gij%c3%b3n), [spain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spain), on 25 june 1982. in german, it is known as __nichtangriffspakt von gijón__ (lit. *non-aggression pact of gijón*) or __schande von gijón__ (lit. *disgrace of gijón*),  while in algeria it is known as the [anschluss](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anschluss). 

&gt;the match was the last game of the first-round [group 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_fifa_world_cup#group_2), with [algeria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algeria_national_football_team) and [chile](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chile_national_football_team) having played the day before. with the outcome of that match already decided, a win by one or two goals for west germany would result in both them and [austria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria_national_football_team) qualifying at the expense of algeria, which had beaten west germany in the first game. after 10 minutes, west germany took the lead. thereafter, neither team scored, and few scoring chances were created.

&gt;in the second group stage of the previous [world cup in 1978](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1978_fifa_world_cup), the austrians, despite having already been eliminated, had made great efforts to beat west germany 3–2 in a match known as the [miracle of cordoba](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miracle_of_cordoba), which deprived the germans of a berth in the third place match.

&gt;

---

^interesting: [^west ^germany ^1–0 ^austria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_germany_1%e2%80%930_austria) ^| [^germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany) ^| [^inner ^german ^border](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inner_german_border) ^| [^helmut ^kohl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helmut_kohl) ^| [^flight ^and ^expulsion ^of ^germans ^\(1944–50)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_\(1944%e2%80%9350\)) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+cievyz4) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+cievyz4)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
i think paulo bento is exactly who most of us are blaming. 
"a slow moving goalkeeper should react quicker than a fast moving goalkeeper" sums up how painfully obvious all of these 'scientific' findings are. 
porto didn't have an amazing season
i was really surprised why they didn't exploit that wing more. coentrao was really missed last night during that game.
porto didn't have an amazing season, neither they have many portuguese players that deserve to be selected. sporting cp, on the other hand, had a great season, is the portuguese team with the most portuguese players on their squad, have consistently the best portuguese youngsters (luis figo, cristiano ronaldo, etc) and only got 2 players selected. shameful.
that was disappointingly obvious
it amazes me how few there have been. really emphasizes how big it is.
well all us attacks were going through from that side.
he doesn't seem to possess the tactical knowledge to lead portugal. in yesterday's game against the usa it was clear they were being exploited down one flank and yet he couldn't work out how to prevent it from continuing. nearly cost portugal the match and their place in the wc.
the poster for 2010 south africa is as good as the jabulani ball was bad.
the 66 one with lion is so adorable. :) 
when portugal equalised in the last minute ronaldo looked more disappointed then happy...
do you think that all of it was obvious?
best leagues: english, spanish, italian, brazilian, french, german, you should watch the mls too, since it's your country

best cups: champions league (every country in the uefa area -basically europe- has at least one team in the champions league, some of them have more depending on the quality of their teams, like spain has 4 teams in the champions, the first four on la liga)

copa libertadores (like the champions but from south america, it's not as good as the champions because most teams doesn't have as much money as the ones in europe, but still pretty fun to watch)

concacaf champions league (again, like the champions but from na and ca), mls teams compete there so, you should check it out

then you have the club world cup, (the winners of all the confederations -uefa, conmebol, concacaf, asia, africa, and new zeland-, it's once a year

last but not least, you have the national teams cups, there is one per confederation, america cup (which doesn't include the us most of the times), the eurocup, and the rest, the winners of those cups, go to the confederations cup, which is celebrated one year before the world cup in the same country
so that is basically what i, and most people watch (besides the league of my country that i doubt you'll watch even if you could, because it's fun but they are very bad xd , uruguay, by the way, good national team, but they are all playing in europe so football here it's not that good), it's a lot and it's kind of complex but it's worth it
i always wonder about the choice of ronaldo as captain. he's a good player, but a bit of a whiney bastard. that is not a good leadership trait and i think it comes through in the team, they often seem to argue with one another.
it's the best looking poster of them all. 
so you're saying there is a chance.
&gt;penalty taker phase recommendations
&gt;...
&gt;should be left-footed
&gt;...
&gt;wear a red jersey
 
wait..., what??? this must be a joke.

personally, i think this one is very tricky, because they player is blocking his face, turns away from the ball and has his arms in close. but then again, he slides in and the ball wouldn't have been touched if he didn't move his arms.

do you think it's deliberate or not? personally, i'm leaning towards no but i'm not 100% sure. but i guess if you're not sure you can't give the penalty either way, no?
this. and this isn't even a joke. his body language was awful. he now knows he had to be bothered with a third game, a meaningless one as portugal just won't make it through.
i wondered about that, only saw the goals but his reaction was really just
"went in huh?"
can you order these online?
hahaha this was actually incredibly enjoyable
yes but the team that wins the group has arguably the easier game of the two, they won't want to risk that
actually i do believe that usa will advance. i don't see portugal beating ghana.
ghana beating portugal would be worse for us due to ghana only having a -1 goal differential. i think it's definitely a more likely possibility too.
i don't know of ghana will win all that i'm saying is that portugal will not.
**11. usa and germany bring a flat screen tv to the pitch, sit down and watch the ghana vs portugal match for the entire 90 minutes:** us advances
if that manager had any balls, he would have never started a trouble maker like pepe in the first place.  he's just flat out not worth it for all the baggage he comes with.


i think germany and usa will advance. it is a conspiracy.
i completely agree.
crossed fingers
well, of course portugal would need to win 4-0, but only if the us lose with 0-1, if they loose by a higher margin, the chances get better for ghana and portugal. to be honest, i think ghana has the best chance of advancing.
i think belgium will win. 1-0 with a goal after the 65th minute to keep up with their past wins.
this is spot on! 
thought they deserved a point at least from the argentina game.
i started the match rooting for argentina, and ended up cheering for iran. they played so well.
dfdgf
we've performed quite well with him and he was a pretty good coach at sporting too, now we draw against the us and suddenly he's horrible. 
what he's done? he qualified second to russia and against sweden ronaldo won the match. best thing he have done is in euro2012 and did ok.
it's pretty realistic, we would never be able to beat teams like brazil or germany. the thing is it's football so anything can happen but that goes both ways, we can draw against the usa and lose 4-0 to germany, too. like he said he hasn't been playing that well and we need to be firing on all cylinders if we are to have a chance, and with 3 important players out, it's not easy.

having said that, i don't wish to downplay the performance of the usa, they played well and i'm impressed and happy for them.
since he's taken charge we've had a worse team and a managed to get out of the group of death in euro 2012 and only lost to spain on penalties in the semi finals. 
upcoming stars

refreshing to see... they certainly deserve to share in the beautiful game!
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
yeah poor bastards. they threw everything they had at them. their striker plays for charlton athletic (3rd division/league 1), so i was apprehensive to support them, but their attitude and commitment was amazing. id say it was one of best games of the tournament so far and i wish england showed half the effort.
and he just said goodbye to next year's balon d'or...
i think you're a distracted part animal...probably fell asleep for four years or something.. pretty sure your friends went to that party without you in 1998!
we love our native american indians and in no way have we shown them any kind of disgrace . we are supporting by using this great name.
this sub is for association football.

you can try /r/nfl or /r/footballamerica
knob!
such a fucking knob it's unreal
to be honest friend, as long as its round and isn't too light, any football will do.
although, i'm english and we know fuck all about football these days!
i'd imagine that they would keep it. the reason lower teams don't have it is because of lack of funding, so it would be elective at that stage, and they would only have it available for home games, or games against other teams with goal line tech.
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
bollocks meant to world news this.
this guy seems to be ready to leave manchester city, he's been bad mouthing them for a few weeks now.

bottom line is that if my sibling was dying and i wanted to be with them, i'd ask for leave and if it was turned down, i'd tell them to shove their job. 

as he earns £220,000 a week, he's not gonna run short of money anytime soon is he?

he's a fantastic footballer though.
i think it depends on the player taking it, but you can put more force into it if it swings away from the goal.
it's harder for a keeper to come out and catch/punch an outswinger because he doesn't want to get caught in "no mans land" if it swings too far away and he can't get to it.
i don't think you understand how important pepe is. he's an insane defender, just short fused. following your logic the same could be said about a lot of players today. like why does uruguay play luis suarez, italy playing balotelli, portugal's coentrao is also hot headed sometimes. zlatan is also kind of insane on and off the pitch, yet they always get called up because they are great players. 
agreed, he's one of the best in the world, but i don't think he makes a great captain.
i agree that it is realistic but those aren't words a captain should be saying, let alone right after a match. it really drains the hope of players to hear your captain say something like that.
probably, although i always thought he'd retire in some brazilian team. the positive to this is that these "big" signings get a lot of fans interested in the mls here in the states. if they don't make these signing you can be assured that most people would stop caring about the sport the second usa get eliminated from the wc.
i completely agree with you. if they aren't going to enforce the laws of the game then may as well just change them to allow timewasting, gamesmanship etc. retrospective action has no impact upon the game (in terms of slowing it down etc.) and after a big fine and  a ban people will stop it.
i sat next to a trained referee a few years back when at a match. it's very much surprising the difference between the official interpretation of the rules vs. the fans idea of the rules. 

not saying that there are some very shocking decisions and changes need to be made, mind.
more force into what?
my brother is a referee. going to games with him is great.

hearing everyone yelling "ffs! free kick! are ye blind!" and all that. to which he is just, well he played the ball and the guy fell over like he was shot...
the ball, with your head i mean.
in italy vs uruguay the referee was horrendously bad. the red card for italy was beyond retarted while not giving a penalty for suarez. after biting someone. what was up with this guy. and no im not a fan of italy and dont see me as biased.
[**@mirrorfootball**](https://twitter.com/mirrorfootball):
&gt;[2014-06-24 18:00:10 utc](https://twitter.com/mirrorfootball/status/481497022936391680)

&gt;here's that suarez incident from another angle. [*mirror.co.uk*](http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/world-cup-2014/luis-suarez-bite-live-reaction-3756580) [*vine.co*](https://vine.co/v/mtjjarw5h9f)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/28zgrd%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

hopefully saurez will not play another world cup game this tournament, great player but must have a something missing upstairs.
absolute disgrace!!! 
it wasn't that retarded really, if you watch closely, it was at least a yellow card, maybe it was exagerated, but not that bad, comparing it with all the goals that the referees had robbed to mexico  it's nothing (2 in one match, and an obvious penalty in the other, so brazil can qualify first)
the officiating is what is a disgrace. this world cup smells like funky business to me. almost all the south american teams are qualifying... i don't think this has ever happened in the history of other world cups.

i'll have to do some research on my own, but this world cup seems to have the most goals by south american teams ever. and by what i can tell, it's a huge margin. maybe it's just a demonstration of how information systems have transformed everything, but i guess i'll have a better idea when i look into this more deeply.
just imagine: world cup final. but both teams are reduced to 7 men each to play the final. the remainder of the squad of both teams red carded.

there is no evidence that suggests he lost any teeth.
why doesn't chiellini sue suarez for assault? biting anybody in any match of any sport, it's nearly unheard of, seriously why doesn't he? just like ivanovic should have
. italy deserved alot more from this match, red was a bit too extreme but the biting incident, disgraceful.
wouldn't there have been some significant blood if he actually lost a tooth?
[**@purelyfootball**](https://twitter.com/purelyfootball):
&gt;[2014-06-24 18:00:57 utc](https://twitter.com/purelyfootball/status/481497218562928641)

&gt;giorgio chiellini's shoulder after luis suarez bit him this afternoon. [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bq6fk0eiyaamti5.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/ewzmsec.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/28zixh%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

just to add a few comments, things that happened during the match i was watching:

1. referee is completely blind to a blatant foul on sturridge for a penalty.
2. referee doesn't book costa rica players for multiple meaty challenges then proceeds to yellow card ross barkley for a genuine attempt to retrieve the ball which wasn't even aggressive or dangerous.
3. doesn't book a costa rica player for blatantly kicking the ball away after conceding a free kick.
4. ignores multiple foul throws from both teams.

i can't be the only one who's sick of this shit.
it all seems within the historical range to me:    
- at the end of the [1930 group stage](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1930_fifa_world_cup#participants) the 7 participating south american teams had scored 27 goals in 14 games. [as of now](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_fifa_world_cup#group_stage), the 6 participating south american teams this year have scored 27 goals in 15 games.     
- in about a quarter of world cups, including 2010, all south american teams got out of the group stage ([wikipedia: south american teams in the world cup](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_american_nations_at_the_fifa_world_cup#overview))
suarez needs some guidance or something
maybe sort of hypnotherapy

 
maybe the south american teams are that good. remember no european team has won in the americas. 
"3. u.s. loses to germany, ghana beats portugal by 2 goals, ghana remembers true meaning of sportsmanship: this scenario requires ghana to realize that the u.s. men’s team worked really hard for this and then selflessly offer up their spot."

actually incorrect. ghana defeats portugal by 2 goals will bring their goal difference to +1. us loosing to germany by one goal will bring their goal difference to 0. so ghana would go through by goal difference alone.
luis suarez is like a beaver, he bites people to keep his teeth short. if he lost a tooth i wouldn't be surprised if it grew back. 
what is the longest ban fifa can punish him with? because that's what they should do. this damages the entire sport of football on a world stage. it puts player safety at risk. hell, it is likely *illegal* and he should be liable for assault and battery.
thanks for the info. - based on what i'm discovering it all seems to be per normal; as you suggested. maybe i just haven't been playing as close attention in the past as i have this world cup.

the officiating is still horrible though.
well... "good" is really just objective in the end. some people hate the same style of football that i like. it is true though, that the conditions the european teams are facing this world cup - weather-wise - have to be radically different that what they're used to.

it's no excuse in the end, as everyone has to play under the same circumstances, but surely south americans (based on heritage) are probably better suited for the conditions they're facing compared to european teams.
if a player is running into the box (and the line of the ball) surely they don't have to contort their bodies to header it? and if the ball is going in the wrong direction, i.e. curling away from the goal, then a player will be able to get more power on to it. i don't think its bad enough to be called "seemingly useless", or even useless at all
an in-swinging corner is potentially easier for the keepr to come out and collect as it reaches its maximum distance from goal earlier so it's easier for the keeper to judge whether or not to come out.  an out-swinging corner sees the ball heading toward the keeper and swing away from him, so he can't tell the degree of curl at first.

if you've got attackers in the box then an in-swinging corner allows them to try and get a touch on it and deflect it into the goal.  conversely, an out-swinging corner allows players already in the box to get up and power a header at goal, and brings into play your attackers waiting outside the box to rush and get a running jump at the ball, which almost always will beat a standing defender jumping from standing still.  these players rushing in also get the same opportunity to power a header at goal.  think of when the ball is coming toward you and you blast it first time - you get a lot more power in the shot.
i would love to see suarez sent home. 
the mexican referee was doing pretty well until the second half, when he didn't showed the red card to suarez and chiellini(the response to the headbutt, that is what i saw, never saw the "bite" really), and he didn't marked the penalty to cavani, and then he added 5 minutes but 6 were played for some reason
did anyone saw any bite?, because i sure didn't, where is the picture, that proves this, because the only thing i saw was chiellini with something in his shoulder that doesn't look like teeth marks, with god knows how many cameras in the field, i was hoping for an image of this, but i haven't seen any
http://www.cleansheetsallround.co.uk/16527/video-luis-suarez-bites-giorgio-chiellini
costco.ca usually sells champions league footballs autographed by the team. so...
it's funny how no one talks about how balotelli touched the ball with his hand in the first half, when he already had yellow card, hand should alaways be yellow card, but the referee didn't cared
it's funny how no one talks about the obvious penalty against cavani in the second half
it's funny how the referee added 5 minutes, but 6 were played
it's funny how no one talks on how chiellini reacted, hiting suarez with his elbow (yes suarez bit him, but it's still red card)
but everyone talks about suarez because italy is big and has a lot of money, and uruguay is a small country and the internazionale alone probably makes 10 times more money than all uruguayan teams combined, i'm not even exaggerating
yes, suarez deserved a red card, yes the red card to italy was exagerated, but no one sees the rest, and how both teams were affected by the referee
i haven't checked the actual rule book but i'm pretty sure fifa can impose a lifetime ban
i genuinely think something is wrong with suárez mentally for him to do this three times now, it just doesn't make any sense. 
you're deeply delusional.
italians downvote me, but i'm right, if you have a yellow card and touch the ball with your hand is red card everywhere, except in this case apparently
if you grab an oponent player in the area is penalty of course, except in this case apparently
if you add 5 minutes the usual is that you play 5 minutes more, except in this case apparently
go ahead italians downvote me again, it doesn't make it less true

and i'll repeat that suarez should be penalized for the rest of the wc that is also true, but stop saying that italy was robbed please, it doesn't make any sense

fuck the referee. this is a disgrace, only qualified officials should be used for games, if they're from one country/continent so be it, i don't want to see this mexican referee or that japanese or from the ivory coast.
odds are going down if you want to bet on #4
[**@footyquandary**](https://twitter.com/footyquandary):
&gt;[2014-06-24 19:17:10 utc](https://twitter.com/footyquandary/status/481516400327290880)

&gt;great bet!  a norwegian put a bet on suárez biting an opponent @ 175 ! [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bq6wnsyceaeiouk.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/wj7g78n.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/2900g4%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

the biting kind
no way this is red or even a foul, this a contact sport and he barely touched him, and wasn't malicious by any means, if this is red then football is doomed.
[**@mattspiro**](https://twitter.com/mattspiro):
&gt;[2014-06-24 09:21:06 utc](https://twitter.com/mattspiro/status/481366395553591296)

&gt;'city wouldn't give me those few days to spend with my dying brother'. amazing yaya touré itv in france football, explains apparent fall out

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/2900rc%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

is it just me that got 'just eat' adverts on that site?
&gt; and i'll repeat that suarez should be penalized for the rest of the wc

you'd let him off that lightly? last time he was banned for 10 games, i'd give him a lifetime ban
that is wonderful! haha how much is the bet for in usd?
you're wrong and i can guarantee you that i downvoted your crazy rant without one tiny motivation of liking italy or being italian. you're not even correct about your imaginary rule that a handball is always a yellow card, go read the rules some time. noone is talking about chiellini's reaction? try reading about the damn game before you freak out, for instance here's the match thread commentary    
- *79' the liverpool striker leans his head into chiellini and get an elbow in his mouth in retaliation. both sides go down but soon after the juventus defender runs up to the referee showing off what could be a bite mark on his shoulder. both players are lucky to stay on the pitch! [50]* 
i've seen a couple of comments stating he should be banned for the wc but honestly that is little more than a slap on the wrist. **last time** he did this he got a ban for 10 games. this time it should be a lifetime ban - football does not need repetitive biters
&gt;italians downvote me

to tell you the truth, i think everyone except uruguayans and liverpool fans are downvoting you.
$28.60 says google
no, suarez bleeds cheating, which has no physical properties.
it's ok tho. fifa have caught him: http://i.imgur.com/dh9b59i.jpg

but seriously. should be banned for years not games this time. 
positive start for the new manager.  far better than the lugano free signing last year anyway 
tasty. 
because this isn't america.
yeah, when i stare into an oncoming, outswinging corner it feels like i have more choice over where i can aim my header and the change of pace and direction seems greater than with an inswinger.

another point is that you don't want every corner to be exactly the same. you don't get goals if you are predictable.
i think he was really craving some good italian food. closest thing he could get in brazil probably.
my brother once bought a football for £60. it was beautiful and really nice to play with. you could definitely tell the difference. then one of us hit it into a hedge and it got a puncture the first time we played with it. so save your money and don't spend more than £15.
i'm with you on this. it's not like 60 top clubs wouldn't be breaking down his door if he was sacked by city for wanting to be with his dying brother. 

however, he may have been under undue pressure from city that we don't know about and only now feels comfortable enough to reveal the situation.

i daresay it is shifting of guilt though. perhaps they said to him, we really want you to go, and he didn't fight his corner properly, so went. now he is blaming city rather than himself.

who knows?
the ball definitely travels a lot straighter than it did in 2010.  the 2010 ball was insane they way it would curve, this one is not the same.  they may have gone too far the other way now though.
i don't even know if it's a question of dumb anymore, i think it's a question of what mental disturbance he has that causes him to do this. 

do it once - yeah, maybe that's a bit dumb. it could be a moment of madness that happens inexplicably. we've all done strange things that we look back at and think "did i reeeeally do that??"

do it twice - hmmm.... he really has to be taken to one side and given a good talking to. 

do it thrice - nope. something very wrong here. for a grown man to deem it acceptable to physically bite down on another grown man in that situation is not normal. serious questions have to be asked about his mental state, and whether or not he should be allowed to continue as a professional footballer. 

i reckon it's actually quite sad.  
i've played with replica brazucas but never the real deal. when messi &amp; pirlo couldn't keep the ball down it got me thinking.
lifetimebans are possible, happened to some players involved in gamemanipulating 
he's a serial biter and instigator. there's definitely something wrong with him in that sense. if he tackled hard or was pushy to get in the other team's head, that's one thing. but, he bites, spits, and scratches like a child. it's embarrassing for him and the fans that cheer for the team he's playing for. 
how is he still allowed to play professionally? this is the third time, we know of, that he has bitten someone during a game.
at least a lifetime ban from the national team so he never plays for uruguay again even in a friendly, plus a hefty suspension in all competitions.
if you're accurate enough, you can pick out one of your teammates without a defender getting to it before it gets to him.  plus, as others have said, the man heading it can then get wicked power on it.
the poor guy got shouldered right in the mouth, what's wrong with you people?
delusional be delusioning
if you bite someone so hard it knocks them off their feet, that's pretty bad.  
you're a thick one aren't you 
it might be with some of the pitch's. some weren't ready before the world cup.
in a bit suarez ye fat knobhead
it's not as if they were challenging for the ball as well. after the first two times, i thought it was really naughty, now i'm just baffled.  what was going through his head? how do you explain that to your team mates and manager afterwards? 
he gets his skill from the blood of his enemies.
a funny thought is, that it might be the spray.

have gotten so used to cheaters.. that they ended up needing people to cheat to score.


they were playing very hard and very long in that heat, everyone was exhausted, no one had any energy left to even celebrate that goal.

saying it was only ronaldo body language while all the players were the same on both sides?
i was able to take a few free kicks with the real brazuca, and i found it easier than some other balls to get up and back down again. that being said, the 2010 ball was insane.
that's what i was saying. both teams should rest their starters and just play tidlywinks. 

both teams go on. 
you missed the point of that one. 
i think it's supposed to be satire. 
yeah a lot of people are bandwagoners, like today when lebron announced that he opted out of his contract it was all over the news.
fdsgfdfhgf
to be honest he shouldn't have even been let off the second time he did it which was much more obvious and worse, surprised he hasn't been done for assault by this point. 
dude what match did you actually see?
liverpool supporter. nope still downvoted. not going to defend suarez on this one, but neither can any premiere league team either apparently. 


heard up to 24 months... http://abcnews.go.com/sports/wirestory/fifa-charges-luis-suarez-biting-incident-24292391 
i know right! now they want to ban him. oh the nerve...
actually, this particular referee typically slings out red cards like crazy. he seriously just did not see the incident. there needs to be another ref on the field and one in the booth reviewing video.
they already got beat. giving the youngsters experience isn't a bad choice to make, imo. 
hopefully he's banned for the rest of the tournament based on his two previous bites.
even though he should hold a longer ban for repeatedly doing the same thing over and over again, it is against the fifa rules to use previous infringements when deciding punishment on a player.
&gt; "these are things that happen on the pitch, we were both in the area, he thrust his shoulder into me," suarez said in spanish. 

yeah, right..
how unfortunate. 
sure it's against fifa rules but the fact that he's done it twice before will make the panel more inclined to give him a maximum sentence instead of being lenient
i'm sure it will sway how long the ban will last, but i personally dont see anything more than a 10 match ban, similar to the ones he got in holland and england. and i'm sure fifa will find a way to delay giving any type of jurisdiction until after the world cup, to keep competition at the highest level possible at the knockout stages.
i think they have to announce the ban straight away to get it over and done with and have the football in the spotlight almost immediately
according to the article, they are requring all evidence to be presented as soon as possible, but i wouldn't put it past fifa to ignore this situation to let the world cup be as competitive as possible. a quick resolution to this incident would be best though.
will the ban extend to epl matches or only international? i honestly hope this prompts us to get rid of him. it's so conflicting hating your team's best player.
bit of an aside, but that article is really badly written:

&gt;brazil's world cup has been a high-scoring tournament featuring late goals, comebacks, full stadiums and underdog stories, but the bite was got much of the global attention tuesday.

&gt;...

&gt;fifa set a world cup precedent for using video review in 1994.

&gt;then, in a quarterfinal, italy defender mauro tassotti's elbow to the face of spain's luis enrique escaped the referee's attention.
unintentional hand ball is not a yellow card.
he should be banned for life, not only is assault its also fucking disgusting. if he drew blood chiellini would need shots. he's a disgrace to the game. 
just country i believe.
no chance it will be 24 months.
yet he *still* denies it, when it was witnessed by millions of people. what a fucking idiot, all that talent wasted.
misleading thumbnail! i was expecting some kind of meme / gif
your submission has been removed. memes are not allowed on /r/football.

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i don't understand why, if the players and clubs need to be so professional, the referees don't. you see some referees who are as fit as a butchers dog yet some who need a rest every 30 seconds. no reason the referees can't report to st james' park everyday to undergo training and fitness testing, if you have the best and most professional league in the world, you should have the best and most professional referees in the world.
exactly. i don't even think the two of them have any previous in terms of bad challenges on one another, although i guess it's possible chiellini might have said something. still, that's absolutely no excuse for that reaction. 
[**@bbcsporf**](https://twitter.com/bbcsporf):
&gt;[2014-06-25 08:16:17 utc](https://twitter.com/bbcsporf/status/481712469048827905)

&gt;breaking: luis suarez has this morning been captured by brazilian police. [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bq9i7__igaabtn-.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/dx6ieeg.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/291nhy%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

good. that dog was terrorizing brazil and needed to be taken off the streets. now what should be done about the owner?
i'm sure that, in his own mind, he's 100% certain he's innocent. the best liars are people who have convinced themselves that what they're saying is the truth.
why is that a rule?  thats idiotic.  this is clearly a recurring thing. 
&gt; the guy fell over like he was shot...

"simulation" (or rather cheating) is one thing i'd like to see punished far more heavily. if missed during the match, then after the occasion.
if there wasn't an offside rule the defenders would only stay in their half or in the box.

also goalkeepers would be redundant, maybe that would be a good thing; it's called "foot" ball after all.
dude, i don't mean to sound disrespectful but he is the reason you were able to get to the second place. why would you wish to get rid of him?
i say just ban him from international football so either liverpool can still keep him or we can sell him for a nice sum of money, i'm down for a £40 million + sanchez deal with barca
you answered your own question.
rest of the tournament isn't good enough as uruguay will very probably be knocked out by colombia anyway
because he is fucking crazy, any stable team doesn't need that shit. i think liverpool would be best off cashing him out now. 
i love him for what he does as far as impact games. but it's pretty embarrassing to see players on your own team carry on in such an unsportsmanlike way so consistently (biting players, taking dives etc..). 

football is a game about creating space where there is none. this is what makes it beautiful by demanding creativity from the players. it allows teams to work together with and without the ball to manipulate the "active playing area", or space between the 20 outfield players. defenses look to condense it while offenses look to expand. despite not having the ball, the offside rule still allows the defending team quite a bit of control about how the game flows by letting them decide, in part, what areas of the pitch offensive players can enter at a given moment. without this rule, the offense would have complete control. defenses would have to play so deep to prevent direct balls that they wouldn't be able to engage in pressuring to win the ball back. without an offside rule, the game would devolve to an anarchistic athletic contest where the ball travels from end to end constantly with so many goals that none would feel earned in the same way they do now. that would fundamentally change the sport. it would essentially become basketball with feet. one can argue about if it would be better, but i would have absolutely no interest in watching that mess.
here is just a highlight from the cincinnati xtreme win against the nortwest dukes. #13 is me jimmy-dan conners
didn't they leave it up to the english fa and the holland fa to decide the punishment in the last two cases? this one is up to fifa itself to decide, which if i am correct is different than the last two.        ?
it was in their respective jurisdiction, and violent conduct is nothing for fifa to intervene in, so they left it for the fa's to handle. the world cup, however, is under no countrys fa, so fifa is responsible for handing out punishment
besides the reasons that the fans gave in the interview, i would have thought that there might be some people supporting a particular team if they picked them in the office sweepstake. my other half, for example, picked the netherlands in her one. i got bosnia-hercogovina.
i wouldn't say his talent is going to waste. he just put two in against england. but he's definitely a  nincompoop who can't control his inner cannibal on the field.

edit: whoops!
this is not the sub your are looking for.  this sub is for association football.

you can try /r/nfl.
right, so i guess i'm just curious if the rule against using previous punishments still applies, since fifa delegated the authority in the last two cases...?
yes, it still applies. just like how zidanes previous headbutts/stomps before his headbutt in the 06 final could not be used against him when fifa was deciding punishment for that offense. 
gotcha.
can someone find a fixed link?
i'd argue this decreases his chances. would you really want to sign someone who is so clearly unstable?
the uk != england.
messi would like to talk to you.
suarez, the vampire
ban him for the tournament at least and force him to get some psychological help before being allowed back on the national team. 

i think suarez should be rewarded for his actions. if you would watch a soccer game with chielini where the camera is only focused on him you would puke from all the dives. that guy is only there to get people booked or sent off. 0 sympathy for him. still love what suarez did to ghana after fifa tried their best to keep them in by bribing the referees. 
i can understand why he got so angry at chielini. that guy is an absolute piece of shit. 
it is called football because it is played on foot, not because it is played by foot. there are tons of different types of football, part of which is played also with hands, like rugby football, american football, canadian football or gaelic footbal. 
read this in a book, a random history of football.
as a lol player, it's good to see players of other games taking up our noble activity of intentional feeding.
fifa officially eats a sandwich....hear hear
*claudio bravo
...but ochoa is a newly recognized saint!
i'm more interested in knowing why some people call it offsides instead of offside.
sure. guus hiddink coached psv from 2002 to 2006 and australia from 2005 to 2006 (wc comprised).
regardless of what we seen happening, the title is a tad misleading, he hasn't been charged with anything.

disciplinary proceedings have begun and suarez and his fa have been asked to respond by 9pm local time, which will be around 2am uk time before any announcement is made by fifa.
maybe less free kicks have been awarded in the areas prime for an attempt at goal? who knows? pirlo's effort against england that hit the bar from about 30yds had a ton of movement on it so that rules out the players not being able to make the ball move so much.

i still chuckle at joe harts attempt at getting to that strike. lol
so far i've supported italy, costa rica and uruguay.

i also had spain in the draw at work but i always tend to root for the underdogs in each match without following one particular team.
i agree, i was pretty happy for him in the match against england. but now i am like... what an asshole.
we are rivals with mexico, certainly, but a win for mexico is good for the prestige of the confederation. concacaf gaining more prestige is awesome, it means more international teams will have to respect us. mexico and costa rica have been top teams in the tournament, and that is awesome.
point is you're drunk
what about tweaking the rule to make it similair to ice hockey offsides?  i am sure there are plenty of issues with that.  but i think it would limit the ball always going from one end to the other.  once in the offensive zone i suppose problems would arise since there would be no longer any chance for offsides.  maybe some would argue that would make it more interesting.

feel free to tear that apart.  just wanted to add to the discussion.
it happens with american football too.  the rule is called offside, but people say offsides.  i think it just flows in our speech patterns.
i'm american... happy to crash the party!
the spray stops the defending team cheating, not the kick taker
i think having it similar to hockey's rule would solve the issue the original reply notes of the offense having complete control in that the offense would need to "gain the zone" (to use hockey terminology, i'm a huge hockey fan) before having "complete control". thus the defenders would be free to pressure, maybe not as much as they are now, but it wouldn't forbid it as a totally no offside game would. it would still be a different game, a possibly more offensive game. it would be much more interesting than a no offside game, but still different than the game we know and love now. it could be a good game though and i'd be interested in seeing it played, but ultimately i think the way the rule is now is the best way to implement it on such a big field. 
i don't think this is true. i'm pretty sure it's called football because you play with your feet. the other games were derived from football, thus keeping the names as 'rugby football', 'american football', etc. if it were because you're on your feet, most sports in existence could be called football. it's almost definitely football because it's the original sport where you kick a ball with your feet. 
hey guys my friend and i decided to do a knuckle ball test of the adipower and vapor 9. hope you enjoy :)
that's what i meant. not in a serious way tho, in a joking manner that kickers have gotten used to cheaters that they gotten so used to  compensate for it in the kick.
i guess i can see that especially if the two teams aren't nearly alike in ability but intuitively it still feels like there would be spacing as both sides would have to adjust to the (offside) player(s). personally i'd love to see a game between 2 professional teams where the rule isn't in place just to see the difference. thanks!
go fuck yourself!
that's messed up. he was signed to be bench. he should be in a team where he should be a starter.
submission removed.

/r/football is an association football subreddit. submissions about other subjects are subject to removal without warning.

this submission would be better suited to /r/cfb
basketball is played on foot and so is baseball.
report midfield please, purposefully feeding
why on earth would they decide not to consider the fact that this is the third time he's been caught doing it? that seems negligent to me
don't guess, google it if nothing else. and you are wrong. aristocracy played on horse, common people played on foot. any sports played on foot have been called football, most of which is played today through european cities as variation "mob football" usualy on some celebratory days. these have no rules and usually involve hands. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medieval_football

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mob_football

most interesting thing to prove it is the law of english parliament from 1424

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_act_1424

in 19th century mostly universities, where sports started to get formal rules, developed different types of football, fixed numbers of players, same dressing for team so they distinguish themselves, referees etc. most notable types of football are association football (1863), which is most popular today, and in nighteen century have been refer in england by the word "soccer" which is slang word developed from "assocer", and is used in some countries where other types of footbal are still played to distinguish them. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/association_football#etymology_and_names

second example is rugby footbal, there rules have been made in rugby school 8 years later (1871)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rugby_football

and here is something for those who are interested in other types of football as well. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:traditional_football

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_types_of_football
don't know why zero points, however the point is that he coached both psv and australia in 2005 and 2006. there are no rules pro or against. usually national associations prefer to sign a full-time manager for obvious reasons, but that's just preference.
no rules against it, but it's too much work for a single person and he might do both jobs not so well.
believe me, it would be very boring and uncreative without it. those passes you see both attacker and defender running to the ball passe from behind, those wingers dribbling the defenders to create space to cross the ball, none of that would be very common without the offside rule, which would make the game very "anti-play" in how strategy unfolds.
what a bad headline. no shit they will look into them 
yeah, jesus christ, op.
i think they'll compete with each other.
i read a few things yesterday saying that fifa's guidelines don't allow them to take any other incidents into consideration.

so the headline makes sense.
oh fair enough i apologise. it has to be in the tribunals head thou surly.
 
edit: spelling 
he (you) wasn't far off
well the alternative is that he could complain about a long ban by saying "i normally only get 7 games"
any thoughts?

should this be true, i'd find it ridiculous, almost as much as giving it to qatar in the first place. they should either do another bidding process, or, to save some money, at least a re-vote. fifa cannot simply give it to whom they like the most. can they ever be a little transparent in what they do?
fifa makes a promise

does not follow through

everybody complains

next iteration 
bahahah photoshopped...really? on live television??
i'd say he got his *just desserts*
well, it's not only a four months ban:

- 9 world cup matches suspension. not only for this world cup, but also for the next world cup in 2018
- 4 months ban for any football activity
- a stadium ban for the 9 world cup matches and the 4 months ban
- a fine of chf 100,000 (€ 82,000)

the fifa should have the guts to suspend him for life if you ask me, but i can live with the punishment so far. 
absolutely disgusting. this is the third time it's happened. he's clearly not to be trusted on the football pitch, his playing privileges should be revoked.
i think this is the largest punishment they've given out. they gave an 8 game ban for a player who broke someones nose and i think that's worse than this.

this should see uraguay eliminated pretty swiftly too so his actions in that game didn't help him at all
i agree that what suarez did is completely unacceptable and a terrible thing to do on the pitch, but i also think that banning him wouldn't solve anything. it's the third time this has happened, he obviously has some sort of mental issue. he needs help, not a lifetime ban
first goal-line technology, now real-time photoshopping. this is the slippery slope they tried to warn us about
3 months if he goes on a diet
yes, he needs help, but he bit three times already and could have searched for help the previous two times which he didn't do.

also, saying 'these things do happen on the bitch' doesn't show of any regrets. if you don't regret biting someone, you are a danger to yourself and your opponents which justifies banning for life to me.
i agree with you. this is his third offense and biting is completely wrong and uncalled for i just with it was a life suspension. 
it's not enough. he should miss the group stage of the ucl too.
9 world cup matches or 9 international matches? according to bbc, it's international matches, so it means.. any match played by uruguay is counted, not only world cup matches but also any friendly matches.
seems about right
i'd say they came through. banned from any and all football related events. so no practice, can't even enter a stadium, until the end of october. he is technically no longer a professional footballer.
definitely not 9 world cup matches, it wouldn't make a lot of sense. what if uruguay get knocked out vs colombia and do not qualify for russia 2018? he wouldn't pay for what he did at an international level...
i misread the fifa website. it's 9 official uruguay matches, so also friendly matches.

&gt;the remaining match suspensions shall be served in uruguay’s next fifa world cup match(es), as long as the team qualifies, and/or in the representative team’s subsequent official matches in accordance with art. 38 par. 2a) of the fdc.

source: http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=luis-suarez-suspended-for-nine-matches-and-banned-for-four-months-from-2386354.html
hahaha it's getting out of hand already!! lolol

wow this makes it even worse of a ban. 
get out.
bit of a joke. someone on the guardian comments said this was enough to punish him but not enough to piss off liverpool, sounds about right to me.

i'd like to think if he did it again he would be looking at a ban measured in years, but i thought that last time.


i'm no where near knowledgeable about football to say who the next coach should be or their tactics, but it seemed we didn't really have much of a strategy this tournament. i heard prandelli changed the line up and formation so many times in the qualifiers and during the actual group games so it shows that nothing really stuck and there was no overall strategy. 

balotelli is massively overrated (i say this as a milan fan). he's amazingly inconsistent despite his has potential to be one of the best players. i'd 100% take a consistent player over an inconsistent one. 

the old players played very well - buffon was amazing vs uruguay, pirlo was great all tournament (as usual) and de rossi was fine. that said, youngsters like verratti and de sciglio will certainly be the foundation of future tournaments for italy so building a team around them is what should be done. 
i don't know, he's missing the first 9 games, in otherwords 1/4, of liverpool's season. that's probably sufficient to derail their attempt at winning the league this season.
he got banned for 10 of liverpool's games for the last bite, missing 6 games of last season, still finished top scorer (2nd place was 9 goals behind).

if the aim was to derail liverpool's season (it isn't) then it isn't enough.

if the aim is a ban in proportion with his previous offences they have failed miserably. 
just be thankful you guys are going to rebuild. everyone here thinks englands performance showed promise, so "keep calm &amp; carry on" is the call here.!!!
yeah, you've got a point... ... tee hee
thanks for this! would you start again with buffon then, or do you think sirigu could replace him?
soccer has been the result of two things that are closely interwoven. 

one: a new generation of people exposed more to foreign culture than local culture due to the pervasion of sites just like this one. we are exposed constantly to a global audience through the internet. significantly more people in this decade watch british dramas and are exposed to foreign films. many young people watch the likes of top gear, bollywood films, japanese anime, and dramas from other countries all over the world. we are seeing a lot more media and culture from other countries and that means more respect for their cultures and more results in number 2.

the real cause of the sudden popularity of soccer is the death of american exceptionalism. probably the best thing to happen to the us in 30 years, young people are finally becoming the first generation in half a century to realize the us is not strong enough to stand completely on its own. as our country loses its relative dominance in nearly every field for whatever reasons, our youth are reacting by strengthening ties and identifying more with foreigners. 
well, we don't have your self-control here...we're much more dramatic! it's either "we're the best" or "we're shit"...
borini and berardi have skills. 
your submission has been removed. most or all of your submissions are to the same source, please vary your submissions with news stories from other sources.

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
buffon isn't really a long-term choice, he'll be 40 at the next world cup so i assume his form will dip a lot by then (if he's still playing then...) so he'll have to be replaced at some point, might as well do it now with sirigu... or maybe after the euros in 2 years if buffon isn't showing signs of slowing
one can definitely tell the difference between bad and good footballs.
ann coulter is a syndicated cunt. contact her through her website at www.anncoulter.cunt
"it's foreign."

i lost it.
hahaha is this woman a satire writer? i doubt she's ever seen a game if that's her opinions on football. what a gigantic cunt. 
i haven't **seen** a bite.  i'm not denying he did it. i'm sure he did and i think the ban he received is pathetic and not enough. you can't actually **see** a bite in the footage though. it's all obscured and you can only assume what happens.
this woman's angle is to try and enrage people to keep herself relevant.  its just trash from someone who's deliberately trying to get a reaction.
she has got to be trolling. i can think of no other reasons to write this garbage.
&gt; an inch is the width of a man's thumb, a foot the length of his foot, a yard the length of his belt.

there must be a lot of variation in the length of a yard in the us then.
this is pretty par for the course and there are lots of people who take her commentary and political views seriously within the us.  i've always assumed she is a liberal mole who's job is to make the right wingers look ridiculous, but it backfired and they embraced her.  
i say we feed her to suarez, her writing is worse than his biting
[this](http://i.imgur.com/smbfbuk.png) is my prediction. what do you guys think? 
that was hoooooooooooooooooorrible. puked half-way through...  
10/10, would read again.  

no american whos great-grandfather was born here is watching soccer? hahahahahahahahha. 

i don't have an immigrant ancestor past 1798, and further, i don't have a single ancestor or myself that wasn't born in the south, the most anti-soccer place on this earth. 

this has to be a joke...

the metric system? it's superior... the only reason we haven't switched is because of the endless hassle is would be for decades.

soccer is foreign? it's the father of rugby, and rugby the father of american football. also, this is an immigrant nation. 

how do you visualize 147.2 centimeters? you don't that's 1472 millimeters. it's so simple even she could understand it lol.

what's happening right now is a small movement of the country's super right to label soccer as anti-american, because they need things to hate in order to survive. they are united by hate. 
who the fuck is ann coulter
holy shit. i literally could not tell if this was a parody or if she was serious. oh lord...
sometimes the onion comrs up with such funny stuff that it pisses me off i'm not part of it.
yep and if she has problems with visualising a centimeter - it's the diameter of her brain.

 she should visit sevres where they keep the kilogram pattern ( or however you call it ), they will be more than happy to extract the new model of the centimeter.
i am laughing so hard right now. i don't even care that i'm adding to the views of this piece of crap. lol!!!!!
this article actually gave my phone cancer.
i've tried to read it 3 times and it's just completely crashed my phone.

i've seen this woman interviewed somewhere before, i think she's one of these professional troll people, so i won't be trying a 4th time to read this..... and i think everyone can save the effort and just leave the article be...
americunts, can't wait until china takes them over and starts a genocide.  the sooner the world is rid of that fat tub of lard that call itself a nation the better.
ann coulter is insane the only reason she spits this garbage is so people will pay attention to her. this is the same woman who said 911 widows enjoy their husband's death
this *isn't* the onion?
i'd do some research to find out if 'ann coulter' is an actual person, but the consensus in the comments of here being an utter actual cunt is all the proof i need.

is she the american katie hopkins? 
http://i.imgur.com/zktftjp.jpg

ok...i may have been a bit optimistic about france beating germany and brazil
it's impressive that a single article managed to be simultaneously racist, xenophobic and sexist.
troll account, please upvote. 
i'm not so sure about mexico beating netherlands and argentina
i've never understood this desire to undermine things that people like. if some people like soccer, so what? no one is forcing you to watch it. you can't make people like what they don't like, nor can you make them not like what they do like. as long as it isn't hurting anyone, just let people enjoy the things they enjoy. 
i think mexico is playing really well. netherlands played well against spain but the rest of the matches they weren't that good imo. and argentina is basically messi.
http://i.imgur.com/fgotc12.jpg
she sounds like a pretty serious sports fan.
i'm an american, my great grandfathers were born here, i even vote conservative...but what is she talking about? i love watching this sport and there is nothing un-american about that. 
[to be honest, argentina-the netherlands and brazil-germany was chosen at random - can go both ways](http://imgur.com/jek3z2e)
acutally the usa has the 3rd longest running cup tourney 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/us_open_cup

as a conservative i dislike retards. 
http://i.imgur.com/v2c4t6v.jpg
what the hell has she got against light-rail?
it's ann coulter, she is not to be taken seriously. it only feeds her mania.
balotelli is an arrogant fuck who will never win a major international competition.
pirlo should stay on until his dying breathe. i would always play him, and he could be a role model to the likes of veratti.
ann coulter. a troll in more ways than one. 
from a nation that was build by foreign immigrants, you can't be more hypocritical the right leaning americans. our nation is so great foreigners are so bad, as if being born in the u.s. gives someone a superior morality. seriously, women rights in 1900s, colored rights 60s, gay rights (in progress), foreign hate all time high. this is hilarious
she really chose a game between brazil and argentina as a hallmark of the monotony of soccer and praised baseball over soccer? rofl


brazil and argentina have played 95 times, 36 wins for argentina 35 wins for brazil and 24 draws of those 24 draws 8 were 0-0. brazil and argentina is always the opposite of monotonous.
she is a political pundit if political pundit is used as a synonym to cunty mccunterson. 
if america is great, it is because of "foreigners" and immigration, not despite it.
for click revenue... which op and you all gave her :-/

ann colter is a national embarrassment. and she had been for many years.  
am i the only one that thought that this was a comedy article like the onion?
hey, hey, hey, let's leave baseball out of it. i like baseball. 
dunno who this clown is but she is probably the most ignorant person i've ever come across. how about do some research on the game that is adored across the globe. "is the even an mvp?" "how can the be any individual heroes" the mind boggles. 
i stopped reading at that point. it confirmed that she's either really a parody or genuinely a fucking idiot. 
let's send suarez to pay her a visit.
http://i.imgur.com/ud8vc0o.png
basically 1 meter and a half, how hard can that be? lol
that's distopian.
obvious troll is obvious.
one of the premier professional trolls out there. absolutely respect the sheer talent. kinda like how we play basketball at the y vs. lebron james. you may not like lebron, but you have to at least respect the talent. if there was a troll draft, she may be a #1 draft choice. once in a generation troll for sure.
the part where she said the highest viewing numbers was less than the average snf game was hysterical. the wc gets about 10 times as many views as the super bowl.
how do you visualize 147.2 inches?... this lady just doesn't care about logics.
yea, my family came over in the 1640s and settled in jamestown.  english, of course.  the original soccer-loving immigrants.  guilty as charged.
i found that article incredibly entertaining. thanks for posting! i am not sure if it was parody or serious, but this is the first time i have read anne coulter and she has a kind of genuine talent. i mean the onion could buy articles from her and people would find them hilarious. 
the only problem with coulter is that she is actually writing comedy, but the conservatives who listen to her are too dumb to figure it out
such a punchable face
this actual makes me a little sad for her. i had no idea people with this obvious lack of insight/intelligence existed.  she can keep her sports. i'll keep the most popular one in the world thanks luv! 
yeah there is genuine talent there, she's riding poe's law hard.
"in soccer, the women's games are as thrilling as the men's"

not really, but what if it was?
well, i'm going to take a shot in the dark here and say that, among a realistic set of choices, mancini sounds the best and his team should look like this:

sirigu; de sciglio, bonucci, ranocchia, criscito; verratti, de rossi; balotelli, insigne, cerci; immobile.

i am obviously speaking of euro 2016 - i'm not even going to try and imagine the team in four years! basically, every player who is young and has international experience (the psg guys, balotelli, immobile who is going to play for dortmund, criscito or santon as left-back) should be in the starting eleven. i am obviously not sure about bonucci and ranocchia, but they were a great couple when they played together - i'd love to have better players there, though. mancini is not the best coach, but he has a unique eye when it comes to identifying talent.

i would work with some key young players, trying to have all national teams (u-17, u-19, u-21 especially, as they are the main tiers in youth football) play a similar style of football. the youth teams, honestly, don't need to win tournaments, since their best players would advance to higher levels pretty quickly. no more of that "hey, the u-21 needs that player for a qualification match, so you can't try him in a friendly match" bullshit, youth teams are there to provide players to the main team.

as far as teams go, it's really up to them. which means we're fucked.
i just googled katie hopkins, she doesn't seem to be quite the same thing, but imagine an equally ridiculous woman except she's actually taken seriously as a political commentator by a small portion of right-wing americans.
&gt; even in football, by which i mean football

sorry what? i stopped reading at that point. this is too bad to be taken seriously by anyone.
that should be his punishment. banned from football until he finishes every last bite of coulter. should take years to gnaw through her fossilized skeleton.
a cunt.
to the people outside of america, i apologize for this garbage
[this is the only logical response](http://i.imgur.com/s1yksds.jpg)
by far my favorite lunatic right-wing critique of soccer is that you don't use your hands, and because using hands (and having souls, of course) is what distinguishes us from the beasts soccer must be some kind of devil game. humans are intended by god to use their hands, not to do so in a sporting event is thus a contravention of god's will.

i mean, seriously, the deranged genius of this line of argumentation is almost perfect.
we didn't qualify, so i guess in the future we should qualify. but no one will be surprised when we don't. we haven't qualified since 86. and we have only ever qualified twice. we're not brazil we're northern ireland.
/r/punchablefaces

... what the fuuuuuck
i think  they played very good relatively. they are playing 532, which is by nature quite defensive so you won't see a lot of possession or attacks. i much rather see an atacking team, but they are just not giving much away. of the 3 goals they've conceded so far, two were penalties that resulted after controversial decisions. and the other goal was just too magnificent.

and robben is in a very deadly form. he will probably create at least 1 or 2 opportunities to score.


well, atleast you're realistic?
haha i certainly am. how is your countries campaign going?
i'm portuguese, so not so well. you know how every team has it's vulnerability? it's like we know ours, we can call players to fix them for the most part, yet we don't, and we get screwed every single time the same way. our coach knows literally 1 tactic, a shitty one at that, and all in all isn't cut out to be an international coach..

at the very least, fifa's decision against suarez makes it inevitable that similar punishments be immediately applied against neymar (that elbow) and the guy from ecuador.
englishman here. how would you feel about a uk wide team? it would help wales, scotland and northern ireland get representation in major international tournaments and up england's odds.
england - we should stop being obsessed with what happened 50 years ago.
isn't this the case for the olympics?
atleast something happened to you guys 50 years ago; we just got third place. :(
it is. i don't see why the uk should have to lower the chances of its parts by keeping separate fas, the olympics don't so why should this happen in football or any other sport?
or pepe, or john terry.....
it's rough that portugal have never won it, you're with the netherlands in teams that really should have but just haven't won it yet.
i agree. every four years we have to hear about the team of 1966 and there is usually a tv channel that will show that game. england need to move on and have a serious look at why the team fails to perform at every major tournament. 

we also should stop putting such much expectation on the team so that when they fail to win they don't get so much hostility.   
hi fifa shills! 
it is, but at the same time i feel that some reform needs to happen; we can develop players like it's nothing; ronaldo, nani(cough) william, figo et al. but we're missing a proper identity. ever since the team went on strike a long time ago, there's a sense that the players aren't playing for the country, rather for themselves. until that's fixed i can't see us winning, no matter how close we get.
i guess it would be nice if we could all share the feeling of disappointment it would be a bonding experience. but seriously though, in the 2012 olympics team gb had 5 welsh players and everyone else was english. i would be up for it if there was actually representation from each country in the union. it's not even like we don't have any decent players jonny evans and aaron hughes are great players imo.
i'm sure there were plenty of others such as the obvious chris hoy of scotland? i agree representation is key and there are plenty of good uk football players that aren't from england. i feel it would also help avoid silly controversies such as andy murray's "anyone but england" thing.

edit: just had a look through team gb's squad for 2012 and found a decent number of non-english medalists so i'm hopeful!
the last few lines are gold- apparently all the immigrants are bringing the interest in soccer instead of real americans. those same immigrants should learn english too aparently. 

you know english ...

from england...

where the most popular sport is football
why not switch to the weird imperial and metric system we have in england. we just use both and end up getting confused when comparing things 
oh sorry i was specifically talking about the football team when i mentioned there weren't any scots or ni players. aye that whole anyone but england thing was pretty stupid, though i think a large part of it was just friendly rivalry between neighbours i'm sure some people definitely took it seriously.
just drop 'em off in the andes...
she's a known neoconservative pundit, but i think she just likes to generate controversy to keep her name relevant at this point. sort of the kim jong-un of far right media.
can someone take this to the front page and make this bitch go to hell, she is so racist and sexist and fucking ignorant.
&gt; if more "americans" are watching soccer today, it's only because of the demographic switch effected by teddy kennedy's 1965 immigration law.

did she read the paragraph she wrote just before that? just a few years ago: 

&gt; [the beckhams'] arrival in america was heralded with 24-7 news coverage. that lasted about two days. ratings tanked. no one cared.

a 1965 law resulted in a demographic change in the last two years. 
she's a genuine idiot. 
&gt; how do you visualize 147.2 centimeters?

a short person. a meter's about the the length of my leg, or the length of a man's belt. 
i think she believes what she says, and it's pretty sad anyone alone could be that stupid. 
she claims that basketball is great:

&gt; baseball and basketball present a constant threat of personal disgrace.

but then she disses women's basketball:

&gt; the number of new york times articles claiming soccer is "catching on" is exceeded only by the ones pretending women's basketball is fascinating.
and to be honest, women's soccer is pretty damn intense.
so does this mean brazil will win this time if it's a brazil-argentina final?

good pickup for united
i would hope so, there would be one or two red card in that game for sure. 
i'm not yet convinced they can win it...
some degenerate yank woman doesn't like the greatest game on earth. who cares? 
i agree with everything she says. 
thanx for link. now i am scrolling trought those face, scared that i will find myself in there, but little excited that some douche from my life might be there.... i know that odds are really really small, but still.... you ruined my day dat_lorrax! :)
i'm on mobile so i can't see your flair, what is it?
brazil. it's actually not showing though...
ohh, i see. are you from there (out of curiosity, not a slight)? 

also , what do you think could be fixed? i haven't paid much attention to brazil recently, so yeah..
ugh, baseball is the worst. at least spectator wise. or maybe it's because i grew up in the deep south, so baseball games meant innings that seemed to last forever as you baked in the heat and were devoted by gnats and mosquitos. 
*troll draft*


i like the idea.
i clicked the link, fully expecting it to work. 
france, germany and netherlands is were it's at. i believe we'll be disputing 3rd place against either argentina or usa (if they manage a miracle shootout win), and then germany and netherlands will play the grand final.

our attack and our counter-attack defense. we have good mid-field and wings, we have good defenders than run up to help and create opportunities, but our strikers are not doing well, and with that aggressive play-style we're open to counter-attacks.

team chemestry needs to be improved too. last game almost had a magic moment with neymar and oscar, we need more of that, france and germany pull that kind of thing all the time, and netherlands has an amazing counter-attack.
easy its 2.04444444 fathoms see how much easier that is when compared to the metric system!
some idiot wrote a similar piece in 2009: ["soccer is ruining america"](http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb123680101041299201). yup. 
we played an excellent game against germany, and a very good game against portugal. honestly surprised me, and i'm very pleased. we need altidore to get healthy, and dempsey to be healed before the belgium match. defense is gonna have to be on their game, but that have been
wow, she surely is the most incredibly irrational and stupid person that has a podium in 'politics' we've ever known.  surely?

"you're wrong 'bout wearing fur and not hating ann coulter
cause she's a cunted cunt"

- nofx
crikey that is just as bad.  example quote: "*for those inclined toward paranoia, it would be easy to blame soccer's success on the political left, which, after all, worked for years to bring european decadence and despair to america*"
haha that was the first thing that came to my mind. i don't know anything about her except she's a cunted cunt. thank you nofx.
one team hoofs it to the other end hopes for the best, second team hoofs to the other end hopes for the best.

edit: offside*
if you're fouled or believe you have been fouled or impeded and the ref doesn't see if's up to you to stop the state of play and demand a decision from the ref. it's not so much diving it's showing (theatrically) that the  offending player needs to be penalized.
http://i.imgur.com/jfuvkut.png  
posting my predictions on the off-chance i might be right.
i believe that the ref should have complete control and has the last say on every decision. this is because football is a non contact sport, of course contact will be made whether that be two footed challenges or players rising to get the ball, it's up to the ref to decide which contact should be penalized. if everyone were to be yellowed after a tackle the game would be ruined. go back ~30 years and you will see how far the refs have come to adhere to people like you moaning constantly.
this is a parody, surely?
we need to do something to punish her for this. any ideas?
attacking the person itself instead of the things she has said is bad, and you should feel bad.
the only thing she did not do was linking football/soccer to atheism or satanism or terrorism. so i hope she edits the blog and adds that, way more fun.
10/10 would puke again.
there's a universal exception to this rule when the target is ann coulter, because the things she says are so blatantly moronic that attacking them on the merits is unnecessary and uninteresting. 
please don't feed the trolls.
australia - 0 points but everyone in australia is still so proud of the boys. i love not having high expectations ;)
screenshotted version, to prevent accidentally giving money to ann coulter http://imgur.com/13u2dus
i hope he has a truck load of sugar to put on her first though, because she seems really bitter.
the offside rule was introduced for exactly the reasons you mention - to stop attacking players lurking around the opponent's goal. it hasn't always been the same rule, though, and the modern offside rule has come about as a result of various changes in tactics (and in response to those changes).

&gt; what i don't get is that, as a coach, if i see an opposing player hanging around the goal i'd make damn sure there's a defender on him.

the problem with this is that it severely restricts the defender's freedom of movement. it effectively removes the defender and the attacker from the game entirely because they are both stuck in the penalty area cancelling each other out. preventing attackers from lurking in the penalty box allows defenders to move further up the pitch and contribute more to the rest of the game.

when the offside rule was first standardised, it required three defenders to be between the attacker and the goal, and a player could be offside in his own half of the pitch. players quickly adapted to the rule and became very effective in laying an offside trap - forcing an attacker into an offside position by having the defenders run forwards moments before the ball is passed. defenders got so good at laying the trap that they would lay it further and further up the pitch, until the point where attackers were frequently getting caught offside only metres outside their own penalty area. this had a negative effect on the game because it severely compressed the play area and caused frequent stops and starts of the game.

to combat this problem, the rules were changed so that a player could not be offside in his own half of the pitch, and the number of players required between the attacker and the goal line was reduced from three to two. this had the effect of making the offside trap much more risky (since if an attacker beat it he would then be one-on-one with the goalkeeper), and forcing defenders to retreat deeper into their own half in order to play it. this resulted in the play area expanding once again, allowing for more freedom of movement for both sides and a more free-flowing, dynamic game.

honestly, the wikipedia article on this is actually pretty good (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/offside_%28association_football%29). if you're really interested in how football tactics have developed, *inverting the pyramid* by jonathan wilson is a really good read (http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3621358-inverting-the-pyramid).
nice, i wish more people would do that for the op
nice article
apparently that fact that man utd want to pay £34m for luke shaw proves his point, but i'm not sure how. maybe he's suggesting that england are the victims of the premier league's success?
it's a countdown to the day but not the match. it's kinda confusing. 
i think it goes both ways. the need to look elsewhere for talent (in any trade) comes from a lack of skill locally, or a cheap pricetag. i don't think they're necessarily getting foreign players incredibly cheap, so maybe we need to improve how talent is developed here. better youth systems etc. 
she picked a pretty random number too. i may be able to visualize 1 inch but certainly not 147.2. 
i think barbosa and andres escobar would disagree that there is no personal disgrace in soccer. 
could be an interesting new arena to test his mettle following his short tenure with manchester united. it would be interesting to see if a british manager aside from roy hodgson, sir bobby robson, john toshack and terry venables can do a decent job outside of the uk.

i thought that moyes might have taken a job with a scottish club after he left united.

edit: thought of some more british managers who have managed abroad.
she's the biggest troll on the planet, just ignore her :-)
welcome to the globalized economy.
ignoring her enrages her the most.
from my cursory knowledge of other strong footballing nations such as spain, italy and germany their national teams do just fine even with a strong foreign presence in their domestic top flight leagues. do they have stricter limits on foreign players?

aside from chances to play domestically in the premier league, if our english players are good enough, why aren't they seeking moves abroad to fulfill their potential? it can, and should be, a two-way street in terms of the movement of the best footballing talent.

over the past two decades the only high profile english players that i can think of at the moment that have made a positive impression in an overseas league are steve mcmanaman, michael owen, and david beckham.

rather than blaming the foreign players coming to play in the premier league, we should look more at how the home grown talent are developed and make them in to great exports that we'd be proud to see conquer football elsewhere.
ann coulter is ridiculous. i seriously wonder is she actually believes what she says and writes. i think she is totally winding everyone up and making lots of money in the process.   
this is the sorta thing i hate, people seem to claim that england "fails to perform at every major tournament", england has passed the group stages of the past 5 world cups (excluding this disaster), i wouldn't classify that as failing to perform. england are simply too overrated for it's own good. we're not as bad as some people make us out to be, but at the same time we've got people who seem to believe england is currently capable of winning the whole thing, which is simply impossible right now...
just to play devil's advocate, in the olympics there is a gb team. gb and the uk are different. 
hey that 16 inning basically scoreless brewers nationals game the other day was riveting. 
#voteukip ;)
he's just saying 34 mil for an english player should be more ridiculous than it already is. 

(remember supply versus demand? high demand for english players, so people will pay a lot. scholes says there should just be more good english players.)
i agree. england are not bad. we mange to qualify for most major tournaments and often hold our own. this was the first time since 1958 that we failed to get out of a group stage at a world cup. 

for most of the world cups that i remember england at least made the quarter final and in 1990 made the semi final. it is wrong to expect that we will win every major tournament then act surprised when we don't.    

still there is no harm in looking at why we have won only one tournament. we can then plan for the furture and become more successful but there should never be an expectation that we can win it all.
the fa introduced rules specifying a minimum number of home-grown players a few years ago now. is it still too early to judge whether this has been successful?
fowler &amp; heskey were popular in australia. yes even heskey...they had heskey cam for a couple of matches. can confirm the grass grew 1/580 of an inch over the course of that game. also bridges played there.

and even though im vomiting while typing this, gary lineker @ barca was seen as positive.
adding a limit to the amount of foreign players is bullshit and only hurts the premier league. instead, soccer needs to be revitalized in england to motivate a generation. don't hurt foreign players because england isn't doing well
i think it is because there are basically no english players playing outside the domestic league. how can you believe you are producing quality if no other leagues are trying to buy your players?

edit: i am aware if you look at spain, the core is in spain, but there are plenty of b-team/spot competitors that go outside their nation for more playing time and try to make the manager have choices.
that is a dangerous statement, in my opinion. the fact that the premier league has a lot foreign players actually would make the english players better.

if the best league in the world hosts many international players, that would only push the ones born in england to perform in a higher level. they have to be at their prime to get a chance to play among those among those who are playing in the greatest level in the world. this can only make the english players improve their game, in all areas, as i previously said.

any further restraint to foreign players in the premier league can be even more dangerous to england's national team. let's assume they forbid foreign players to play in the bpl; this way, the english players would always be in the starting 11. however, that does not necessarily  means they would be performing better, actually, the other way around. they would not have any "threat" to lose space in the squad, and it could only hold back their development. any "protection" in favour of english players can be actually a step back for their development.
unfortunately i think she does believe that crap. there's a sizable portion of the american population that also thinks like her. it's really, really sad. 
england's national team was always a bad team, even before they had that many foreign player in their league. that's just a shitty excuse....
isn't the game tomorrow? the 28th? every schedule i've seen says so...
it's an interesting reverse view point that is mostly never considered. any kind of english player quota in the premier league is only going to inflate their values, ensuring no foreign team will ever want them.

in a weird way you could also turn the stat around and say "well the majority of players in arguably the strongest league in the world are english"
the premier league has a bigger pull than foreign leagues so players are less inclined to leave. the domestic quota rule now also means that players' values are inflated. yes we know luke shaw probably isn't worth £30m on ability and potential alone, but he's a defender who has a very good chance of being a regular in their side for over 10 years and will help fill their quota, thus accounting for some of that price. put simply, foreign clubs can't compete with english clubs for the best english players because they aren't worth as much abroad as they are here.

when you add up all the factors it's obvious why not many players leave these shores and in my opinion it has very little to do with perceived lack of ability. the premier league is full of 'average' foreign players, as scholes puts it, but also the bundesliga, serie a, ligue 1, la liga and plenty of other foreign leagues are full of similarly 'average' foreign players and 'average' players from those countries leave for other leagues too. it seems highly unlikely to me that it's anything to do with ability at all in fact.

it's worth looking at the gareth bale case to get an idea of what clubs would have to pay to get top english players now. yes i know he's not english, but he qualifies for the homegrown rule (as all players developed at english or welsh clubs do) so the same principles apply for him as english players. i can only assume real madrid decided to gamble on paying well over the odds for him, and whatever you think about his ability his price was absolutely extortionate.

if it were up to me i'd remove the quota completely. i think overall it's having a negative impact as top clubs are opting to stack their clubs with younger english players who don't really have a look in at the first team just in order to fill the quota. many have seen their careers go backwards after being touted as great prospects after signing for bigger teams. jack rodwell and scott sinclair are the most obvious examples i can think of. the quota is the result of bureaucratic meddling from people who don't know better and are unwilling to address and tackle the root cause of the issues. english football is only going to go backwards as long as it is in the hands of people who institute such policies.
why can't we just accept that we aren't supposed to be world beaters? yes, we underperformed this year, but virtually everyone trying to pick faults with the system operate under this delusion that we should rightfully be challenging for the world cup. greg dykes seemed to forget while providing english comparison statistics against 1994 that we actually failed to qualify for that world cup.

there are essentially two main factors that determine how good a nation should be at football; population and passion. our english population of 50m is less than france, italy and germany and while football is clearly our national sport, it still has to compete with rugby and cricket for an individual's sporting focus - there's quite a major class divide for support (though i can't say there isn't for the other major european nations).

brazil will clearly always be the dominant force because of both population and passion; argentina are up there on passion; the three traditional european forces are larger, and spain and netherlands are somewhat recent anomalies. who else would you say are significantly better than us at the moment that would edge us over several fixtures?

to anyone who tries to argue the points on what we can do to domestic football to make the national team better, i just tell them it's moot since we're no worse than we deserve to be.
uh...no?
damn forriners, coming over here, taking all our footballing jobs
[**@swansofficial**](https://twitter.com/swansofficial):
&gt;[2014-06-27 19:33:22 utc](https://twitter.com/swansofficial/status/482607640993075200)

&gt;swansea city complete signing of striker bafetimbi gomis on four-year contract &amp;gt;&amp;gt; [*swanseacity.net*](http://www.swanseacity.net/news/article/gomis-signs-1669757.aspx) [#swans](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23swans) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/brkrf0viuaa89gt.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/tgrcdxg.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/299n5l%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

if the foreign players are better, or play for cheaper, then they will be hired. 
hahaha nice, i almost want to make an actual website devoted to her dumb ass. but then again, i've got better things to do, like watch the world cup!
the brazuca and the jabulani are essentially the same. they are both thermally bonded, which creates a different flight pattern from the usual stitched ball. the brazuca has a bunch of dimples on the surface, like a golf ball, that reduce friction, and make it fly really fast. but with increased speed, the amount of curve you can put on decreases. the jabulani was just a regular thermally bound ball, and when struck dead on, like a knuckleball, it created a very unpredictable flight path. 

many players did not like the jabulani because of its unpredictability. the reason you don't see many free kick goals is because (assuming you mean the brazuca) the ball is very quick, and straight.

tl;dr the lower the drag coefficient of a ball, the faster the speed, and less of an ability for curve.

edit: i forgot to mention the speedcell as well, similar to the jabulani, great for knuckleballs. extremely unpredictable.
when everything she says is awful, i think it's safe to say she is pretty awful as a person as well
brazuca top replique. you get the same distracting brazuca pattern, for a fraction of the price! but seriously, the top replique is not as fast as the official one, and you can knuckleball it better than the real one. nike incyte is ok, but not worth the money. if you want a fast ball, get the official bracuza. 


if you want something for unpredictability/knuckleballs, i would recommend a jabulani or a speedcell, you can find them for cheap these days.
i agree that coulter is ridiculous, but remember that there is a huge difference between slightly right leaning, and the shit show that is the far right. most people i know that consider themselves conservative are far less extreme than those asshats
the problem is everyone is in the right scale, even democrats are a type of conservative now days, the far right is libertarians and honestly to me they make some of the most compelling arguments. the middle right that is insane because they feel like the government is a tool for them to use to push their agenda and it's their job tpo control the population the way they want.
knuckleballs all the way thanks
i can't believe this got past the editors and into the paper.
then there needs to be a revamp of all of the clubs academies. if england want to have better players they need to train them in a better way than they currently are. also the "stereotypical english player" needs to change to one that may not be as big and strong but is more technical, like henderson, wilshere, sterling, etc.
feed her to suarez.
the soccernomics authors certainly disagree with this - the argument made in the book is *"the premier league is so competitive that too many of the players are exhausted at the end of the season and that england would be better off having more players competing in less intensive leagues in other countries."*, and the second author has a blog post arguing (among other things) that that [the english team improves as they get to play with the best foreign talent](http://www.soccernomics-agency.com/?p=531).
wow, i have never heard of this woman, but now that i have read some of her articles she is on my "the world would be a much better place without her" list. its sad how bad she wants to be noticed.
i think the greatest dissatisfaction that their nation found with them after that game was one of the scoreboard, and the scoreboard only. yet, watching the game, i think it was really apparent that the germans were in a completely different skill-class than the americans. (edit: wording)
it is true
the netherlands had great sides in the 1970s and won euro 1988. they were in the semis of the world cup in 1998, euro 2000 and euro 2004 as well as the last world cup final. why are uruguay and croatia able to produce so many technical players despite the small populations? why have mexico achieved nothing even though they have a population of 120 million? grassroots football and youth development are highly relevant to the quality of the national side. 
even before the prem, englishmen rarely ventured out. it's a cultural thing, as well as a financial one. 
i take your point but, at a fundamental level, grassroots football and youth development are a product of a country's passion for football.
very true! doesn't southampton have a particularly good youth academy?
they do, i've also heard good things about some other ones(i just can't remember which ones =/ )
[**@manutd**](https://twitter.com/manutd):
&gt;[2014-06-27 13:59:23 utc](https://twitter.com/manutd/status/482523588659261440)

&gt;.[@lukeshaw3](https://twitter.com/lukeshaw3) joins [@anderherrera8](https://twitter.com/anderherrera8) as an [#mufc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23mufc) player. welcome to the club! full story: [*manutd.com*](http://www.manutd.com/en/news-and-features/football-news/2014/jun/luke-shaw-signs-for-manchester-united.aspx?utm_source=twitter&amp;utm_medium=post&amp;utm_campaign=manutd) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/brjeo9ycuaabgn3.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/ankykrr.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/29avf1%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

wait no. that's not fair to the american side at all, they clearly did far better than portugal during that game even if they tied. germany shouldn't have expected to blow them out of the water like they portugal. 
colombia vs netherlands in the final match. colombia can outscore brazil and argentina does not have a leftback to handle robben's trickery.
oh yes they are. colombia v netherlands in the final match.
well if we are going to suggest that professional sports should be treated like the regular workplace.  instead of a ban, the police are called and he is charged with a mid-tier battery charge. sounds like at least a couple months in jail to me... oh, and what if his previous "exploits" had been treated similarly?  i imagine it wouldn't be a few months but a year or two.

have some shame uruguay and don't complain about your shit sandwich served to you by your savage suarez. 
colombian here:  we are that good and we're going to beat that ass. 

edit:  and an illiterate one at that! 
if you can't bothered to click the link basically an england fan as attacked in sao paulo by another england fan and it ended with his ear being bitten off, this story will be huge when stan decides to fully break it
and do not tell me yours is bad. there are a million other, more relevant factors than the - allegedly - missing euphoria about football in england....

edit: sorry, phone screwed me, was supposed to be directed to this other guy 
i definately think there's truth in this
right this is a copy pasta from the last time this was discussed.

the main problem for that is languages. english people generally suck at language learning and don't really ever move abroad unless it's to australia or america. 

the education for players in academies is not really orientated in such a way either. it simply ends up being the kids that were foreign when they joined end up going abroad. being most of the chelsea academy on loan. where as the english players play in the championship.

this also bears problems. when you consider many of those players have been at top clubs for the last 14 years of their life. they struggle playing on worse pitches and training in an environment that isn't so luxurious. it's practically the opposite of castilla and athletic. as a result the players are much more likely to end up make or break rather than simply progressing gently over time. hence why we have far less players that we suddenly realise are good at around 24-26. because everyone that appeared good has been nannied rather than being allowed to develop naturally at their own pace. and finally, as a result of uefa cl rules we end up hoarding youngsters at clubs that can't play them in the hope they miraculously mature and qualify as club grown without giving the chance to work their way up. 

we create artificial hurdles essentially...

---------

another important factor is the issue of b leagues or b clubs.

we have to, uefa basically forces us to have home grown players, and the relative lack of players means everyone overpays for them even if they're only decent. resulting in massive contracts to hold on to them. it's a vicious circle where development is risky to club status but then all the money has to be spent on bringing in enough association grown players anyway. this is one of the fundamental reasons why we have to have b league to compete. the top clubs aren't willing to sacrifice their chances in any way. and it's not like our league system is getting any better anyway. considering how much more expansive it is than anywhere else. it's pretty much done and ineffective.

---------

also you forgot jonathan woodgate. 
this is 100% true. why the downvote?
if you could choose between $5,000,000/year and warm the bench or get $1,500,000/year playing every league game, which would you choose? i think a lot of people would choose the bench seat due to the extra millions.
imo it's likely done the opposite. players have to stay where they will play rather than be second choice at a big club to develop to the point where they could be first choice. lallana is an exception in he's a 24 year old who's been allowed to develop before moving. rarely do we have this in england. people have either made it or not by 20. the media either knows everything about you or they've given up caring.
yeah definitely. i'd suggest there isn't the desire to be a footballer or commit the necessary time. we're too comfortable and bad at motivating. 
yeah scholes won fuck all with england, i don't really know what he's getting at... even with the class of '92
&gt;"group of death"

waht?
yeah and frankly klinsmann was always going to make them decently organised.
&gt;if it were up to me i'd remove the quota completely. i think overall it's having a negative impact as top clubs are opting to stack their clubs with younger english players who don't really have a look in at the first team just in order to fill the quota. many have seen their careers go backwards after being touted as great prospects after signing for bigger teams. jack rodwell and scott sinclair are the most obvious examples i can think of. the quota is the result of bureaucratic meddling from people who don't know better and are unwilling to address and tackle the root cause of the issues. english football is only going to go backwards as long as it is in the hands of people who institute such policies.

100%
group of death
this was my mates brother and pals. it was after the uraguay england game. from what i was told the dude attacked and bit the guys ear off and they all ended up spending a night in a fifa holding cell. after they got released the attacking dude got a life ban from football. once the fa found out about it the lads were invited to meet the whole england squad but i dont know if thats worth trading half an ear for.
that korean one is not from 2014
lol. the latvian girl. latvia aren't at the world cup. 
there must be or else witches may be hired to spell some magic for improvement.
the girl in red/orange looked manly
yes that's right. foreign players like mesut ozil bring so much speed and life to the game that youngsters only get inspired and improve their own game..
though these arguments will go on forever. if u r done with the serious stuff here,better check this out http://donnyyrocks.tumblr.com/
big match for brazil. they would want to register a win against a confident chile side that beat world champions spain.will david luiz be fit for match as he's nursing a back problem??  
disagree with this, in north of the country where people feel cut off from the south, fans would rather their club won than england. ask any fan from liverpool, manchester and newcastle and they will tell you that england is a team for southerners.

as a liverpool fan the only reason i took an interest in england's plight in the world cup is because of the large liverpool contingent there were five in the starting lineup, with one on the bench and one player soon to sign for us.
so, what you are saying is "*if the referees were harder on the players and booking more (correct) fouls, we would run out of players and te whole game of football would be ruined!!!*"?

and that that should be a reason itself *not* to become harder in judging things like timewasting, diving, blocking free kicks etc.? that's like not wanting to prevent crime because it would lead to enemployment of police officers.

if there was to come a new era of judging/refereeing(?) where there is a policy to book every erratic behaviour on the field and to be harder on divings and unsportsmanlike actions, the players would adapt after a while when they understand the new level of judging, and we would have cleansed the game from this shit, hopefully forever.
can't tell if sarcasm or serious.
what a ridiculous price.
he didn't pay himself, they meant that he wanted to leave and manutd paid the clause.
sarcasm
thank god, next time use a sarcasm tag '/s', have an '?'
vamos chile. 
i thought the misspelling of foreigners was the giveaway tbh
that's my initial thought, then i got confused seeing the downvotes you got.
there's only one question to be asked: how much with barca give us for him.

we love you luis, but there's only so much dickheadery we can take.  so long and thanks for the memories

also, "he will be required to switch exclusively to a vegetarian diet and have his teeth removed. barcelona and real madrid are believed to be willing to pay all dental costs" was pretty funny
the plot thickens. if this is seriously his defense, his ban should double (i know this is not how the legal system works). they should at least treat this like a legal matter and intervene on his denial and reckless behaviour. i wonder what lugano will say next?
it was nice of him to not have the kid arrested. but i'm not sure it sets a good precedent. 
that girl he raped? he fell inside her while erect! honest mistake.
vamos ethiopia! 
she was gaping open too, he also has video evidence which he can't find that she was begging for it. just unwilling to take responsibility for his actions. his counsel must be just cream of the crop.
no it doesn't. it bans him from that profession. he can do any other job he likes. right to work is not right to work in a job of my choosing
"that little boy was just in my bed because i sleep in it." it sounds like one of michael jackson's stories...
jesus. what if the kid had been an assassin....
bruising your cheek doesn't leave teeth marks on your opponent. i had a soccer player fall on me with his teeth once, there were marks from one or two teeth, not 4 or 6. go home, suarez, you're drunk.
yeah my mate is one of the party as well so i've been keeping up with it through his facebook! yeah not sure i'd trade half an ear to meet the england team!
thanks mate. nationalism, i think
why do you think you're reading it wrong? the article is spot on
basically, before 2006, the winner of the previous world cup and the host nation were given a place in the final tournament. by "finals" they mean the final tournament.

so in 2002, japan and s. korea were hosts, so they both got spots in the world cup, as did france who won the 1998 world cup. 
thanks. i'm coming from an nba understanding, so in my mind that seemed like the final match.

how many matches are there in the final tournament?
32 teams in 8 groups of four play a total of 6 matches per group. then there are 8 round of 16 games, 4 quarter-finals, 2 semi-finals, a third place game and the world cup final for a total of 64 matches.
wow i had no idea, so it's way huger than i thought. it's like 200 teams that attempt to compete initially overall though, right?
yeah it is the world cup, so the winner of the tournament is actually the world champion of football unlike self-centered sports we have here within america that consider themselves world champions of sports nobody else even attempts to play because football is so big everywhere else. 

200 teams set out to qualify for the 31 remaining spots not occupied by the host nation. each continent has it's own confederation and each confederation gets allotted a certain amount of spots in the tournament to fight for in qualification. europe gets the most, something like 12-14, then south america, asia, africa, concacaf (north/central america, carribean), and oceania which actually has to play in a playoff to earn it's only spot. mexico beat new zealand this year to earn the extra concacaf spot so there is no oceanic team. 
a chance? yeah, everybody has a chance. but i'm picking brasil on this one. 
great points. 

not to be too defensive here, but the nba is a fairly international sport for a league whose name is the "national" basketball association. they draft players from all over the world and it's filled with a fairly diverse group. if someone in any country is good enough and they want to play in the nba there's no reason they wouldn't.

i imagine america feels that leaving the truly international aspect of basketball to the olympics has worked pretty well so far.
there are 8 groups, with 4 teams so 6 games per group (each team plays each other in their group so 8x6 matches) and then the top two teams from each progress to the round of 16 (16 teams = 8 matches), then quarter finals (4 matches), semis (2 matches) and the final (1 game). in total there are 48+16+4+2+1 = 71 games. i think my maths is right.
when it's phrased like that, i always thought it meant that they waved their loyalty fee to make up the fee for the club buying. 
according to the ref only giving a yellow card for kicking the chilean goalie, it looks like the refs are hooking up brazil.
this is a terrible headline
well against all odds we're now going into penalty kicks. chi chi chi, le le le!
no, im preety sure they will just get unlucky with penaltys
i hear mcdonalds is hiring. though they don't look too kindly on biting during work hours either. 
premier soccer players have the choice of playing in any major league across the world. say someone like nowitzki was a footballer and had the option to leave germany to play for a league with more exposure. the simple answer there is, he just wouldn't leave because the bundesliga is an awesome league in itself, or he could go play in italy, england, brazil, spain, portugal, hell, even turkey. those are all top tier leagues. 

the nba is the only option for anyone looking to have a real career in basketball. euroball is of lower quality and has little-to-no exposure outside of the countries it is played in, so you can't even really compare. you can't even say they draft players from all over the world really, they draft a handful of internationals every draft and 90% of them underperform. basketball is a hugely american sport and that is proven by the team they stack up for events such as the olympics. the world cup is the world cup and it's not surprising to hear you say you're surprised by the size of the tournament if you live in a bubble of american sports where there is a 100x less international exposure for the leagues. there aren't billions of people around the world going apeshit over the "world series" but you can bet they go apeshit over the world cup. 
true but at that point is it really the nba's fault? it's not like they're trying to box out other countries, the interest just doesn't seem to be there.
well it was neymar to steal the show...scored great last penalty ..well played chile as well..it was a tough match and both teams played good competitive footbal

l
exactly. after reading the title, i guessed ronaldo was nice to him and nothing happened. 
your submission has been removed. memes are not allowed on /r/football.

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
after seeing all the dirty plays this guy has made over the years, and now with his *third* biting, there's only one option: fifa needs to ban him for life.  i don't care how talented he is.  he's clearly psychotic.
steal the show? 

he didn't do shit. like most of his team. 
i think they are that good (and young too)!
http://thatfootyblog.wordpress.com/2014/06/28/what-we-learned-brazil-1-1-chile-3-2-pens/
no, this article isn't good, it's just full of hate and racism towards foreigners. not only that, it's full of unresearched bullshit full of meaningless figures. 

ann coulter's a fucking racist cunt who doesn't know anything about the game or anything else for that matter. the article isn't even worth discussing. 
why can't i find any videos of this online anymore? copyright issues or something?
i was really afraid they were just making fun of mls
goal
columbian? really?
[just like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=se4dxwjanle#t=3m11s)

score. yep. ahhhh americans &lt;3 
is that insanely hard to believe? 
he is spot on here. how does english football benefit if a club like stoke sign a spainish centre half from celta vigo instead of allowing a young english centre half from the reserves a chance to play? (hypothetical example) 
[**@adamjardy**](https://twitter.com/adamjardy):
&gt;[2014-06-29 01:24:50 utc](https://twitter.com/adamjardy/status/483058475971665920)

&gt;from someone who would know: the fan struck by lightning is alive after being pronounced dead at the scene.

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/29d23s%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

yes, considering you misspelled it. i'm not a columbian, i'm a colombian.
hahaha, i didn't even catch that, thanks! 
&gt;  48+16+4+2+1 = 71 games

48+***8***+4+2+1 = 63

there is also a playoff for third place; so 64 matches in total.
by far, goal of the tournament.
i may be bias. but i think cahills was better.
i knew my numbers were off, thanks for the correction.
pronounced ha-mez. (for the people pronouncing it incorrectly in their heads)
i agree with you to some extent that few big players didn't play like they should have. but you gotta say doing right things at right moments gets you over the line. alexis' miss and neymar's under pressure final penalty were the two moments for me which turned the game. 
actually i think there have been a number of other 'goal of the tournament' contenders including the van persie header vs spain and the cahill volley vs the netherlands.
score? really?

you even put it in capital letters, like it is an actual phrase that would be used.
since he is new on the global scene i went and found this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aohjqq57za    
it's his first career goal from 27 february, 2008.
it's a truly beautiful goal. everything he did was perfect. the chest down, the turn and the shot... wonderful technique.
there should be an 'assist of the tournament' too
haha.. ya. it should be goal instead of score..  i might have been a little drunk and don't even remembering posting this thread. xdit was a great game. colombia had an overall better control of the ball. i'm really happy with the work of pekerman. :)
i'd argue tim cahill's goal took more skill to execute, a first time volley with the ball dropping over his shoulder... it was just ridiculous 
some "little boy" ... did you see the picture? he looks ancient.
pretty good but nowhere near this good.
what film is this from ? 
van persie's goal was insane, took a lot of work for him to execute that, but it mainly depended on that assist made before, as well as cahill's goal.
agreed.
oh, so no-one wanted to guess before reading the article? for my guess, the first thing that came into my head was that the teenage fan flashed ronaldo, lol!
#3 and #7 all the way!
only if arjen robben could win assist of the tournament by passing to arjen robben for goal of the tournament.
could this be simply because of bigger stadia? i'd imagine that every world cup match sells out, so the highest attended world cup would just be the one which could seat the most people.
one thing i've seen is americans know how to make a day out of a sport event. especially if the game takes several hours or even all day, you're more than happy :)
whatever you say about football's popularity in america, it is the biggest developed nation in the world by far so even though as a percentage of the population it might not be popular compared to countries in europe, there are still far more fans there than many european countries.
look now in brasil, you see a lot of free seats...
he means americans as in people from the americas not just the us. 
last boy scout
the empty seats during the holland game were due to the heat
i'm not sure but whoever does will be lucky to have him. incredible performance this world cup, he deserves every bit of good fortune that he can get.
was it the highest attendance by americans or just most attendance in general? would that really have to do with bandwagon fans in the states?  or is it just how easily the us can accommodate guests that they were able to bring in more travelers to fill up the stadiums? 
they say monaco, but at this point the guy is probably receiving calls from dozens of clubs.
i think the already big stadiums helped a lot, and i think what /u/jetbrink said is also true. u.s. citizens know how to make a sport event great, so the transition from any other sport to football/soccer must have been quite easy for them.
wut?
i mean even though a lesser percentage of people in america are interested in football as compared to european nations, because the country is so much bigger in terms of population than any european nation there are more people who follow football in america than any european nation. also america has the infrastructure of huge stadiums so it's no surprise that they'd manage to attract huge crowds for a world cup. i don't think just saying 'americans are great bandwagoners' really covers it.
i think it's very easily explained:

1- huge wealthy population (brazil for example has a similiar sized population, yet the wealth differs greatly)

2- usa a a tourist attraction.. people always love to visit the us, especially during the summer. world cup taking place in the us was an extra incentive

3- like you said, the amount of people

4- size of stadiums

5- sports culture in the us

arsenal
before long, the oldies will be passed by neymar, rodriguez, and thomas müller.
look at the crowds you get for lawnmower racing and that worm thing
not sure if fans of football, or fans of america.
yes i have seen and heard about them, the point i was making is that i think more of them are already fans of the sport than people would suspect.
lol you just made me check the article again to make sure it wasn't the onion.
jeez, of course it happens during a uruguay match. how appropriate. 
#3 looks like the main woman from weeds. nice.
klose already equalized with ronaldo's 15 goals.
when he got the penalty it was a dive. but he should have have gotten one in the first half
i am celebrating our victory. and i'm not 100% sober 
well there is an oceanic team, australia, but i believe australia where moved into the asia groups because their team walked the oceanic qualifiers every cup
it's pathetic, and it's happening in other sports more and more. 

i guess a reflection of the fans(public) these days - whiny crybabies. 
sadly, if it's not completely obvious to the referee that there was contact he'll often miss the foul and as a result players greatly exaggerate the effects of whatever contact they do get to ensure they get the decision. 

i don't like it but i'm not really sure how to fix it
awesume news
lol, [downvoted for saying the truth](https://www.google.com.br/search?q=ronaldo+tweet+to+klose&amp;oq=ronaldo+tweet+to+klose&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l4.5348j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=0&amp;ie=utf-8).
“i lay in (ronaldo’s) bed because i knew he’d slept in it, and when he came in, i was there. he was good to me," 

...i'm not even going to add a punch line.
am i the only one who thought all but 2 shots were right at him?  i mean his positioning was exceptional but reactions and diving were average at best.  maybe it's just me

not sure why you're being downvoted, your point makes sense to me. even if only 1% of americans are into football, that's 3-4m people which is like the population of croatia or bosnia herzegovina, or in south america a country like uruguay. the other points people have made throughout the thread make sense too but this is also a decent point imo. 
a team in a top league, but not a top team, he's not even in the top 40 keepers in the world, he's just having a good world cup.
that's a pathetic excuse not to attend a world cup match. 
u.s. population 300m let's say 5-10% like football that is 15-30m which is way more people than small countries in europe. for example germany has a population of 81.89 million. so getting 3.9m people in stadiums in the u.s. wouldn't be hard. also look where the games were played usually in areas where there are a lot of latin american and where people have deeper european roots. 
they did attend, they were simply standing in a shaded part of the stadium. 
it's currently winter in brazil
to be fair, even if you know little of the sport, it's hard not to be interested in your country holding the greatest sporting event in the world. 
well one of the downvotes can be accounted for by this moron who's going around and downvoting every single post in this subreddit, but the rest of them? no idea. i really don't get why some people downvote certain posts without explanation, but that's just reddit sometimes. i can handle idiots downvoting for piss poor reasons, it's the fact that they do it without explanation that's a little annoying.
with 39 degree c, in the shade...
also when you are that close to the equator it doesn't really matter what season it is, it's going to be hot.
maybe athletico madrid? considering they no longer have courtois
that is hotter than i expected, i thought it was more 30 for that game. i checked, and you were right. but still, that's a lame reason to miss a game.
people didn't miss the game because of the heat, they just weren't sittingbin the seats in direct sunlight, the bottom section on one side of the pitch had empty seats, no where else had any
to be honest, i wasn't even looking at or noticing the crowd while i watched the game. i have no idea why i even argued about something i didnt know about. i'm not in any place to talk shit about any fans. ibe been a shitty redditor, and i apologize.
'murica!!!
the answer is yes.
first, get out demetrio albertini from figc...and after we can all talk :)
goalies get red carded all the time. usually, for committing penalties. 

if the team's got a sub, they send in the second keeper, and sacrifice a field player in the process. 

but sometimes, your keeper can get either injured or sent off when you've already spent the three substitutions. in that case, you have no choice but to pass the keeper gloves and jersey to a field player... and start praying.
i think it's got to do with how far ahead does the keeper take his feet off the line. in this case, navas leapt forward but he kept his feet closer to the goal line. 
i could be wrong though, i only saw the shootout a couple of times.
the keeper can get a red card if he is involved in a violent play for the ball or he trips up an opposing player like england great peter shilton does here 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xdpju5op354
the number of leagues in soccer is really daunting.  say i'm a canadian who wanted to branch out from hockey and continue to watch and follow soccer after the world cup ended, where do i even start?  become a toronto fc fan?
it can be really daunting, for sure. as a canadian, following the mls/toronto fc is not a bad choice. if you're looking for more technical and higher quality football/star players, the english premier league is probably the league with the best exposure with the highest quality. it'll start up again in a few months and once you watch a few games and learn some players, you'll develop a favorite in no time. other leagues that are high quality and competitive are the bundesliga in germany, serie a in italy, ligue 1 in france, or liga bbva in spain. also, if you like tournament play, look into the euro league and champions league next season as they are always really fun to follow.
yes, there's no issue with diving forward, but he rushed out during gekas' run up (as with every other penalty) before his dive towards the right. would he have reached it had he stayed on the line? i'm not so sure.  
if there's a sub they use the sub to replace a field player with a new keeper. if there's no sub, some field player grabs the jacked and gloves and fills in as goal keeper.
he usually gets a red card when he fouls a player who has a clear possibility of scoring, that is, if the player- without that kind of foul- would have presumably scored.
many argue that giving a red card plus a penalty is unfair, and too big an advantage for the attacking team. this is why they might reconsider this rule, and give just a yellow card with a penalty. 

by the way, the rule is true also for field players. i.e. if a defender fouls a striker who would have had a clear chance to score, he gets sent off too (so called last man foul)
for example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlb0ham2_bi
/r/nottheonion
technically, the goalkeeper has to stay on his line until the ball is struck.

but it's up to the referee to judge if the keeper has moved off it before. you are also right about jerzy dudek.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/sportacademy/hi/sa/football/features/newsid_4582000/4582153.stm
&gt; suarez, who maintains his innocence and claims it was an accidental clash after he lost balance, is ready to take his case to the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne, switzerland.

this guy has got some serious mental health issues.
if a goalie gets a red, they usually sub of a field player for another goalie if they have subs available (you get 3 a game). if not, usually a field player will take the goalie's position. 
why would they trade sanchez and pay £50m for him? sounds like the whole selling-eto'o-to-buy-zlatan debacle all over again.
i thought barcelona was all about class.  there they play a different type of football, and i can't believe that they would even consider buying this son of a bitch.  to me it goes completely against their so called basis as a club 
it is however the mirror, which is so bad it might as well be from the onion 
you math doesn't quite hold up. germany has a population of 82 mln indeed, but a lot more people would support soccer than in the us (where way less of your hypothetical 10% are actually soccer fans). not to mention that germany is surrounded by countries that are just as soccer-mad as the germans are (the netherlands, italy, belgium, etc. etc.), and from where it's only a small trip to the german stadiums. hence, by that logic, the german wc of 2008 should be - by far - the most attended wc ever.


the us stadiums are just larger. [just look at this list.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_stadiums_by_capacity)



he's as good as gone, it's just a matter of ironing out the price. 

also, i wonder if the sanchez rumour comes from a good source? generally "swap deal" rumours turn out to be bullshit. 
mostly english leagues and some of main leagues in other countries but this is always the best (englishman's opinion) http://www1.skysports.com/transfer-centre/ 
given that his brother died while on duty for ivory coast shouldnt it be ivory coast giving him leave? it sounds bad to say but he is just looking for excuses to leave 
dinamo moscow would be my guess
well considering he has a 60 mill release clause i think its quite likely
awesome, thanks!  any ideas for the best ways to watch games?  even if i had cable i don't think anyone in canada broadcasts the european leagues.
that worked well.
that was just stupids circlejerkng 
maybe try the champions league? it's like the european cup for clubs.
scout nation did a pretty nice round-up of his 13/14 season at monaco. knew he was good, just not this good: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ou5kvc4mexm
he is still the best player in the pirate island.  
he's been a club legend, so many years of service on of the best fullbacks there has been, you can mention cafu, maldini, even lahm in the current generation of fullbacks, this guy is up with them.
you can substitute injured keeper, or one that's been sent off, even on a penalty you have to wait for substitute to happen for a new goalkeeper to come on.

in the event of both goalkeepers being injured, or no substitutes left any of the outfield players left goes in goal, usually a defender.
http://m.bbc.com/sport/football/transfers
people *genuinely* need to stop posting articles from this shitrag, here and in /r/soccer. hey- generally anywhere for that matter. at no point in human history have they said anything worth listening to. 
without cable, your best bet would probably be to find a stream online.
rutgers and maryland to the big 10?
wrong sub. try posting this to r/cbf or r/washingtondc
surely brendan rodgers. we know how having at least a british coach is better responded to by fans. look at capello, even though having the best ever england win rate, he was generally disliked and proved bad for morale. although i feel hodgson has been revolutionary for england and long may he build on his accomplishments (i.e. a good looking attacking side) and find success (whatever that is) at the euros.
i agree
but i still love to see jurgen klinsmann coaching england after doing a great job for germany and usa. he's good at managing national teams as rodgers hasn;t manage a single national team yet. but sorry with my english first,as im still learning english.
talksport if you want to have a laugh but bbc or sky are the best sources for actual transfer news. 
trying to get out of england again
such a whiny bitch
hodgson will be the boss through the euros. after that i think southgate may be brought up from the u-21s. 
i rate him as similar to navas or hazard. great pace and passing ability. he is often overlooked due to being on the pitch with bale and ronaldo 
maybe not the next one but pearce looks like a popular choice to the english fa in the future.
start with toronto, since your team has a city. the champions league would be a good place to start. the best clubs from the european leagues in an annual tournament. it might help you pick another team as well!
shinguards is the name.
he probably wears really small shinguards. i don't think you're eligible to play without. it's easier to control the ball in some situations without them. that's why i prefer small shinguards too.
alonso and arbeloa for real madrid? barcelona wants mascherano
good piece for fantasy owners
i'm so glad football is back.
.... thats not a hit  how about                             http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bm4semaflq

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zihzzgotta

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx_k0m8zzyg   now your talking about a hitter...meet the better ray lewis.
can play by week 6...  gonna take a ballsy gm to pick up vick.
well, i will say that /r/nfl pointed me to 'football for dummies', which sounds like a book you wouldn't want to read, however it covers all the common plays in depth from a strategy perspective, and has some good graphics. it really improved my knowledge of the game, even though i had been an avid watcher for 20 odd years. 
sometimes known as wembley or new wembley the stadium has a 90,000 seated capacity and is currently the second largest stadium in europe
indoor football league computer rankings going into week 3.
the fairbanks grizzlies will fold after saturday's game due to financial reasons.
one of the best articles you'll ever read about indoor football and minor league sports.  the author may expand on it for a book.
fairbanks grizzlies, of the indoor football league, were saved from folding and will continue to play and dominate!
get shut of this lame fucker and stick harry rednap in charge
ifl computer rankings are out for week 4.
yeah, but how many kickers does he have?
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
wow, that must be a blow to his ego. 
he just fell over there is no appeal.
that's not a dive.  that's just poor ball control.  a diver would have stayed down.
you're taking the piss right? hopefully i'm too stupid to detect satire but i'm half-inclined to believe this is serious.

if whoever wrote this was watching the live game or a highlight would have known he stood on it (or something to that effect) and that's how he fell. if it were a dive he would have stayed down.
what? are people stupid enough to think this was a dive?
there are always going to be monkeys in a football stadium, they're not on the pitch. they're in the stands "ooh-ooh-ahh-ing" the black players, making obscene gestures and creating an awful atmosphere for nice families and people with some dignity.

the best you can do is a lifetime ban. 
classic, i love it.
his agent is about as deluded as him. he would win it year after year if he was as good as he thinks he is.
read the 1 comment on the site, saying you could only hear man u fans the entire game... not sure what game he was watching because all i could hear was the 'champions of europe' chant.
good read, thanks for sharing
wrong football.
is there a legit reason people are downvoting this? it's hard enough for us keepers to find content focused on our position. let's not bury an honest attempt to give keepers some content unless there's a good reason.
well, he's well placed to comment on the subject of idiots.
great video. i feel like jumping out of my seat and i don't even support arsenal.
gave me chills 
he is a patronising fuck isn't he. he manages to talk in pigeon english with a french accent as if that is any easier to comprehend. 
before i say anything i dont condone this type of behavior. but i do think its going to far when they say they are going to take criminal action against him for a simple action, its not like he physically assaulted someone. soon enough giving someone the v's or the finger will land you in jail. surly banning him from football grounds would be accetable.
sticks and stones will break my bones, but words will never hurt me
agreed. as a minority in britain i think the police take things too far in racism cases. yes the person should be punished, but prison is just like overkill.
get 'em while they're hot!
chanting munich? that's pure class right there.
um, i believe you are looking for a different subreddit.
/r/afl
stfu faggot. 1v1. do you even lift? earl campbell would crush a soccer ball with his left nut swinging wild after blasting an mlb on an a gap blitz. you homos just lay down and cry for your yellow cards. fuck sake, watching soccer raises my estrogen. 
this is why i enjoy english football over american. even the community is awful.
fans of the lsu tigers and alabama crimson tide would be more than happy if their team were to demolish the other in saturday's rematch of last year's national title game. the rest of us--we would rather see a good game. it's kind of boring when one team dominates the other; no excitement. lucky for fans across the country the 71st installment of this rivalry has all the trappings of a hard-hitting, no holds barred slobber knocker!...
[lol soccer](http://d3uwin5q170wpc.cloudfront.net/photo/52715_700.jpg)
[you mad bro?](http://www.memes.at/faces/u_mad_troll.gif)
i think you misunderstood this subreddit
i second this motion
that downvote felt so good
might be the only time i ever say this, but bravo inter.
i'm surprised by this, thought they had a good year for an expansion team.
nice pep reference - he played for the dorados briefly :d
wrong football. 
stop posting this on our subreddit.
why isn't this merged with r/soccer? it's much, much bigger and more active. honest question, just curious. 
because **freedom!**
amazing
sorry guys, definitely put this in the wrong reddit! i'll make sure to make up for it with a real football article soon. new user, so i'm still getting used to this :p
the column is written by an 18 year old irishman. i applaud his passion for the game, seeing as though he has appreciation for the lesser-known players. however, i can't get over the fact he chose those names, especially giroud over rvp.
get ready for another peyton manning show down!  broncos are looking for another win over the bengals today.  lets support our denver broncos and watch them annihilate the bengals and andy dalton.
can anyone tell me why the manchester teams both have black and white logos on one of there kits? 
looks like a style thing. especially the man utd away kit, where the traditional badge would look out of place in that colour scheme.
i don't understand why arsenal insists on messing with the sleeves.  plain white, without extraneous stripes or piping, will be fine thank you.

btw, please consider posting this to /r/sportsaesthetics.  we really haven't had many football/soccer posts over there.
doesn't have the third kits and the ratings are a joke
how do i do that?
definitely the premier league. there's just so much competition in the league.
admittedly, i don't know anything about "x-posting", but you can click the link in my comment, and just post your link there.
it'll be done in 6 minutes, it says i've gotta wait, anyway to get round this constant delay of posting?
hmmm...  not that i'm aware. it must be some sort of flood control.  well, in any event, i appreciate you for making the effort.
i don't think there is a best league.  i love the premier league, but i feel la liga has some of the most beautiful football in the world.  the atmosphere in the bundesliga is far and away the best, and i feel the most intimate with the mls, being from the states.  every league has its strengths, and no one league is better than the rest.
everyone knows in terms of quality it's the premier league.
your ratings are an absolute farce; arsenal's away is hideous, and everton's away is a 10 on my scale. 

and the teatowel get's a higher rating than our maroon? bs
[football vs american football](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sd_8pryoxo)

try posting this to /r/nfl instead.
it's a personal opinion calm it!
yeah. don't spam subreddits with multiple posts from the same (presumably your) website in a short space of time. if you're trying to promote a website then at least try to be a little more subtle. you've only been a member for three hours - there's no rush. spreading the submissions out will give more exposure anyway.
okay, i'll take that on board, thanks for the help!
english premier league. so many teams can fight to win the league (man city, chelsea, liverpool, tottenham, manu, arsenal, etc.). 
such a good editing job! goosebumps when the gunners came back. 

greatest comeback for arsenal sure, but greatest comeback ever? nope. swedens comeback against germany was better, and don't for cl in 2005 with liverpool. and of course there are other historic ones. 
i'm a chelsea fan and the clattenburg one was funny. still don't see why they brag about that win, chelsea was the better team. 
i don't think he should win it, but to call him overrated is rubbish.

and messi shouldn't win it every year, it's getting annoying. sneijder should have won it in 2010, and ronaldo should have won it last year. 
more like "10 already established top-class players"
i don't think the players will be happy with this.  hopefully we don't get work stoppages like all the north american sports.
la liga is just the spl but with better teams.
probably the refs fault.
yes, fucking yes he's skilled, he can 'make it' in any league.
the traditional badge should never look out of place on a united kit.
what a crock of shit... watch some scottish football and ask me what the point is with leigh griffiths, david wotherspoon, johnny russell, gary mackay-steven, tony watt, kenny maclean, ryan fraser and many more young players who, if luck stays on their side and they get the right move down south, have the potential to turn in to very decent players.
ehh.  "punch" is a strong word.  i see that type of push in frustration all the time (especially in sports like hockey or american football)
the spl? please. scottish football is a farce.
a lot of teams have moved to playing with a single striker. 4-2-3-1 and 4-3-3 seem to be becoming the norm these days. 

unless tactics change and formations change/evolve, striking partnerships will be lost (not a bad thing necessarily) 
ah, yorke and cole, along with giggsy they were my idles growing up. 
bebeto and romario (brazil)    
cubillas and sotil (peru)    
henry and trezeguet (monaco)    
zamorano and salas (chile)   
messi and villa (barca)    
pele and jairzinho (brazil)    
ronaldo and rivaldo (brazil)    

 

&gt; in portugal we say that too much humility is vanity.  
  
weirdly, i actually completely agree with this. i hate seeing obviously super-talented celebrities on talk shows modestly brushing off compliments  when we all know full well they are totally deserved.  
  
that being said, there's a vast difference between too much humility and none at all, mr. ronaldo.
that's some mad vertical leap right there. 
i don't understand what's wrong with the players showing mutual respect for each other or even being friends. van persie has done a lot for arsenal and has been team mates with many arsenal players, as well as worked under arsene wenger. why is it now a problem for him to do shirt swaps? there is no malice in it... :/
can someone please explain this to me? i see this fuss as very counter productive to evolving the sport as the world game, as well as a sport where we show respect and admiration for our fellow players.

or is this purely because he did it at half time? does that cause more of a fuss?
what was he supposed to do? not take van persie's shirt? i think it's outrageous players are getting shit from fans and the media for a simple show of sportsmanship.
tl:dr pathetic over the top tribalism.
at half time? wait until after the match like every other player in history. 
it's that simple.
i think there's an implication of inferiority from santos in going after van persie's shirt which could be seen as a lack of a winning mentality, especially as he's currently not performing and is coming under fire from critics.
i think it's entirely because it was at halftime. it's okay to show respect for the opposition after that game is over, but at that point you're still in competition. i for one would be salty at a teammate who was more focused on a member of the other team than the task at hand. there is plenty of time after the match for this kind of thing.
"while that idea might be more than just a little farfetched..."

just a little.

"there were a few more fingers pointed in ridicule at nib stadium on saturday night when he missed a sitter from six yards out..."

that's the heskey we all know and love.
i'm sick of having celtic lumped together with rangers (rip). if anyone wants to have an intelligent discussion on the subject at least have the insight to realise that the problems are different at each club.
i'm surprised frank sinclair didn't get a mention... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vcbfg7unjc (so stupid that it's been translated into several different languages)

even just searching for his name on google brings up [this](http://i.imgur.com/r8kwf.jpg).
really interesting dynamic here, might be the best game this week.
ryan giggs' wife having more winners medals. i lol'ed.
he deserves it, thats for sure.
best one i heard:

"#askstevieg is lucas the worst brazilian since stevie wonder shaved his wife's fanny?"
hard to believe the least in-form striker snatched it! proves that class is permanent, form is temporary!
&gt;who would win in a foot race, jamie carragher or the erosion of the uk coastline?   
  
i'm a red and this is hilarious.
scottish league is just getting hit huge again.... 
what a kick!
man, i do not know.  it is going to be a tough match for them.  i really hope that celtic is able to play strong and take advantage of their goal scoring opportunities.
i think the spurs statement says it all...

&gt;spurs statement
&gt; 'the club does not tolerate any form of racist or abusive chanting.
&gt;'our guiding principle in respect of the "y-word" is based on the point of law itself - the distinguishing factor is the intent with which it is used ie if it is used with the deliberate intention to cause offence.
&gt;'this has been the basis of prosecutions of fans of other teams to date. our fans adopted the chant as a defence mechanism in order to own the term and thereby deflect anti-semitic abuse. they do not use the term to others to cause any offence, they use it a chant amongst themselves. 
&gt;'the club believes that real anti-semitic abuse such as hissing to simulate the noise of gas chambers is the real evil and the real offence. we believe this is the area that requires a determined and concerted effort from all parties and where we seek greater support to eradicate.'

oh yeah - and best not post from something like the mail. it only encourages them!
ayayayaya, 5:0 half time!!!
happy to see them leading again...i really hope they will be able to defend that.
how awkward will the game between us and germany be... 
wrong subreddit.
sorry to disappoint, but wrong football.

barca fan here, just want to say kudos to celtic, they played really well. although i am always angered when enemy teams have all their players in their own 18 yard box, i still have to say they did really well, considering they were up against one of the strongest attacking teams at the moment. notable players were fraser forster and john commons, a great goalkeeper and a greater defender. although i'm not particularly proud of the result in last night's game, it was still a memorable game, and a good lesson to barca to start doing something **right now** or else they will be kicked out of champions league, again. 
i'm guessing female celtic fans were "damp " as well after that win
good to see belgium on the rise. they are a very exciting team for the future.
apple pie with vanilla ice cream.
you are taking muller and maradona out if the equation. maradona is a different player but muller would be worth comparing, imo.

but to answer your question, i need to see messi make an international impact. he has had moments of brilliance but when he has the likes of aguero, tevez, higuain, di maria as support options he cannot try to do everything. if he learns to take over the game in the way maradona did, he would be unreal internationally. he is only 23 so his game/role for argentina is likely to change over time. 

pele did the things he did for a long time and i value that very highly, which would put pele above messi. i just think its too early to tell if messi will be undisputedly the best ever. however, i've been saying this since his debut game at barca, he will be considered to be the best ever when its all said and done.
for germany '06 i prefer the one of zidane going to the tunnel with the world cup next to him. it shows the entire sadness of the end of his career. the man was unarguably a football genius who deserved a second world cup. the fact that it was just there, an arm's reach away from him...
it amuzed me to suddenly see a norwegian sentence (even such a short one). 
not the correct type of football.
lol football
if you want your blog to be approved here, you need to do a couple of things. firstly, extend the length of the article. it was well written, but far too short. secondly, submit other content as well. the minimum ratio at the moment (which might change if people keep posting their own blogs) is roughly 7:3. that means you need to post 7 articles from elsewhere for every three of yours.

i will approve this post for now, because the content that was there was decent, but if you want any more to be accepted, please take my advice on board.
the article is from last week.
i agree, that's a really evocative image, and you're not the first person to suggest it as preferable to the headbutt one. out of interest, were any of your other choices different to the ones i selected?
pretty remarkable how much they lose when they don't win champions league.
shows how much the champion league is worth 
glory hunting fan's sicken me.
the first football game was played over a century ago. the game as we know it today has been largely unchanged for decades. that is largely because of the men that played and coached the game back in its early days; back when it was all about the love of the game, school pride, and not about the paycheck waiting for players at the next level.

if it was not for such innovators the game would not have developed into the contest of wills that millions flock to every saturday. wednesday morning, at around 5:30 am, college football lost one such innovator, darrell royal...
stoke to score five goals in one game ?? and this guy one 190 thousand quid ?? fuck my life.
i can't even imagine how nervous he would be in the last 10 minutes of man u's match
wow :o good for him, hope he isn't serious about that last part!
wrong football mate
&gt;can someone tell me what i have here?

the wrong sub?
god dam american football.
if he's serious about the stoke - qpr result, then i have a feeling that this fool will be parted quickly with his money.
not surprised:

* http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43blasedts0
* http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivhnykpg0we
* http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opekwgaqkh4

ståle's an angry mutherfucker.
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wedvwakcqw8&amp;desktop_uri=%2fwatch%3fv%3dwedvwakcqw8
as i'm watching the texas a&amp;m aggies play the crimson tide i can't help but wonder how the tsips (that's the texas longhorns to those not familiar with the rivalry) did with their first play tribute to darrel royal...
check out denver-bars.com and the sports weekly to catch up on the  broncos.  
wrong subreddit, this is football (uk) as in soccer (us) :)
wrong football
just in case there was still a single college football fan that believed the aggies would not be able to compete in the sec, texas a&amp;m did the only thing they could do to convert any remaining non-believers:

they beat the hell out of alabama, 29-24, in tuscaloosa...
ouch! knees aren't supposed to bend that way!
hate terry but i'd never wish an injury like that on anyone
i think the point of this gif is that it's showing that it isn't suarez' fault!
fuck  suarez
nutcase!, :)
*insert cliche racism joke sbout terry and suarez*
i didn't watch the game, so did he get booked for this?
you know, for us from the netherlands "fuck" isn't such a big deal. i think just because it doesn't sound so harsh and we really don't translate it when we say it.
fuckin ramires...
that's a bit much.
fuck the fascits lazio cunts gate 13 and curva sud brothers
terry is such a fucking poof.
that story is freaking nuts.
another great game for la
i hired him a lot of times on football manager. great all-around.
ok, thanks. nothing special, then.  
why post a video from a game of throwball in r/football?
/r/handegg
http://www.dudelol.com/img/youre-in-the-wrong-neighborhood..jpeg
i agree, they have a lot of potential and will be a great side soon. 
lol for real, newb 2 reddit much?

-btw down voting cause you said fuck
well, this is actually pretty hilarious though
sukadik

or whatever that means, but in english.
he's been the best player for river since he came to help the team in second division. been the nmore regular since we came back to first division but has had his irregular matches, but this is because our coach is an idiot and knows shit about football, also our teams doesn't have any idea of what they're playing.

he has good passing but doesn't takes off the ball from the rivals as good as other central midfielders, to be honest i don't think he will do good in the premier league but i don't know, he played for a time in europe.

in other times been the most regular player from river would mean a lot different from these days. hope this helps.


he is very lucky to have escaped a very serious injury. when i saw it happen, i thought he was out for the rest of the season. 
galaxy very happy seattle knocked off rsl for them.
is juve scoring 6 that impressive given it was against a newly promoted side?  just asking... 
a friend talks about him a lot.  i'll see if i can dig some stuff up if you like???  
instant downvote. fuck you and your ignorance. 
wrong football mate.  nice highlights, though.
that's no football.
awooga
the original clip was way more fun.
10£ million wasted imo for not using him. hope he leaves for a new club and get the playtime he deserves.
just a glimmer of the system ( not just sports) in romania.
he's one of the top five best goalkeepers in the world, granted friedel's good but he's not at lloris' level. lloris definitely deserves better treatment and more playing time.
any sources? this looks like a load of rubbish, to be honest.
of course it's a load of rubbish.

lloris will get all the play time he wants after friedel gets slowly phased out, and the fact that he's in a new country with a new squad where he knows no one, it makes sense that he hasn't played every game
exactly. people are howling about how spurs are ruining frances #1, but *you play the in form player*. and especially with keepers, you need someone comfortable with his team and familiar with the opposition offense and league in general. lloris is not. not yet.

it's media shitstirring really. just about anyone else knows how football works.
get on this wenger.
stop acting like a child, work hard and earn your place. he was the one that signed a massive contract. unless it was explicitly stated to him by the manager that he was undisputed no.1 then he has no reason to be all pissy about this.
while i somewhat agree with your point, think about lloris? he fully expected (as everyone did) to walk into the first team. hell, he would've been included in 99% of any starting xi in europe.

you do not buy a world class keeper and keep him on the bench because of a 40+ year old (no qualms with friedel, don't get me wrong), this is just reality.
why didn't they celebrate with him?
the relationship and understanding between the defense and the keeper is much more important than an extra 25% better reflexes lloris might have.
wrong section, this is the real football
donovan, keane, beckham, too much talent.
2nd half of that match vs seattle la were just running circles round em
what a tragedy.
haha! it's funny because cartoon face.
and that for a team which have never won the title before. what a man! 
c.ron looks so gay in that pic
funny, for a guy who was always v quiet and in the background at united, he must have a big personality after all to lead a team to consecutive titles.  wonder if we'll see more of him in england soon...?
very, very sad indeed
honestly, inter is going to take it. they seem to have done better since he left the pitch.
thats as real as it gets
unbelievable..
what the fuck did i just watch?
absolutely amazing. the guy is such a legend. i only watched this match for ibrahimovic, and i was not disappointed.  
suck it england!! 
give me the link to this goal, fucking amazing.. need to watch it again. 
the goal itself http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbslwqh-r_u
thanks for that! :)

zlatan 4-england 2. he is just amazing
was watching it live. wow. when he wants to play, he's class.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcvbsw7xp3k

*enjoy!
zlat'll do nicely
zlatan is such a beast. absolutely amazing goal. [this one wasn't half bad either](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwm5dntxleo)
it is by far one of the best goals of all time. a lot of my friends here in sweden seems to think it was by luck, sure, it was a small portion of luck, but zlatan ibrahimovic did that goal with his skillfull touch. 

he is actually my favorite player, since he's got an formidable physique and still is one of the most technical players out there. 

an amazing goal by an amazing player.


zlatan!
oh, you know, just going for an overhead kick from fucking 35 yards for his 4th goal of the day and single handedly beating england. just another day in the life of zlatan.
i'm from england so obviously supporting england, but it was amazing! he's a great player. i'm a huge fan of joe hart (england keeper) and there wasn't much else he could do, except attempting to clear it better.
yes, yes it was. too bad it was against england. hart was way out of position though and had a awful game in general. 
running out the box to header it, seriously, what a stupid decision. give zlatan some credit though, my jaw was on the floor.
this one isn't so bad either.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aexkyj2ggwm
zlatan take me from behind
one of the best goals in history, that's for sure. in addition to the exceptional quality of his 4:th goal, it's going to be lots of fun to see how english media will handle this particular "situation" (they're infamous in sweden for badmouthing and downplaying the significance of zlatan).
no, but suarez didn't get a free kick as he should have.
pretty fuckin awesome but i think i still like his goal during euro cup better
http://i.minus.com/iptq7jraqtjjo.gif

originally from http://www.reddit.com/user/dotp @ sweddit

the goal was insane but wahat amazed me most is that he has the courage to do this in front of millions of people, knowing that he could whiff and look like an idiot. go ibra!
hart hasn't exactly had a stellar season so far for city either, but tonight he was frankly embarrassing. looks like he's taken his foot off the pedal after the last couple of years going so well for him.

perhaps time to give some of our other young keepers a shot.
i think in the context of getting all four goals and scoring one like that it's got to be considered one of the best. 
no. it was good but there is a world of difference between scoring like that with an open net and when there is a keeper to beat.
swede and proud of it!
zlatan, hail to you, you crazy genius!
ridiculously unbelievable goal. but can someone explain to me the justification for hart to be [this](http://i.imgur.com/dhtnz.png) far out when there are two defenders available to close ibra down? i think that was poor judgment on his part here. 
just saw the highlight on sportscenter and came here to discuss. glad i was disappointed--the goal is like the top 5 submissions.
it was into an empty net...
you try it from that far out, with defenders bearing down on you, and with such a direct kick, keeping in mind where the ball ended up, and how it did.
oh yeah, let's hold me to the same standard because i'm a professional footballer. oh wait. yeah it was a great goal, really clutch, but he hit the ball into an empty net. usually footballers have like 15% of the net to aim at because the keeper saves the rest of the shots. if hart hadn't been a huge idiot, or if john terry had been playing (he tends to run directly to the goal for the clearance instead of standing around looking like a dolt) this wouldn't have gone in.
&gt;if hart hadn't been a huge idiot, or if john terry had been playing (he tends to run directly to the goal for the clearance instead of standing around looking like a dolt) this wouldn't have gone in.

duh...but a bicycle kick of that caliber, from that distance and angle, is hard to come by, let alone do well.
if ifs and buts were candy and nuts we'd all have a merry christmas.
it was a really good goal yeah, but for me if a goal is to be considered one of the greatest ever, it has to actually beat the keeper.
yeah i'm just not sure that this is the right time to try out a youngster in the goal. not with the big matches we have coming up. however another game or two like today and i would be all for getting rid of hart. 
i wouldn't say it was one of the best ever for a couple of reasons. 


firstly, the fault for the goal lies at the hands of cahill, shawcross and in particular joe hart. what he thought he was doing is beyond me, as cahill and shawcross should have been able to deal with the threat. the ball's bounce was not what hart was expecting as it had back spin on it, and popped up much shorter than he anticipated, leaving him no choice but to head it away as he was so committed. ibrahimovic would never have had the chance of scoring this goal if it hadn't have been for the atrocious blunder that preceded it.


as for the goal itself, there is not much to distinguish it amongst the truly greatest goals of all time other than the technique and athleticism involved. what it could certainly be classed as is one of the best ever *strikes*, that is to say, a first time strike of the ball with no team play involved. but the goal for me cannot be compared to such greats as [maradona vs. england wc '86](http://youtube.com/watch?v=ldidrmykwf0), [argentina's 25 pass goal vs. serbia and montenegro wc '06](http://youtube.com/watch?v=q5w6vbi3mge), [carlos alberto vs. italy 1970 wc final](http://youtube.com/watch?v=0hrjevd2vhk), [van basten vs. ussr euro '88 final](http://youtube.com/watch?v=ymifwm2yjw8), [bergkamp vs. argentina wc '98](http://youtube.com/watch?&amp;v=xszkcfoqsbs), [owen vs. argentina wc '98](http://youtube.com/watch?v=hpc6yv3bpvy)... and that's just the international goals!

i saw somebody say in another thread that this isn't even zlat's best goal. you can see their comment [here](http://reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/137a66/ibra_what_the_fuck_was_that/c71hg4g), along with their choice of ibra's best international goals, but for me, the best goal zlat's ever scored is [this one](http://youtube.com/watch?v=vz5vl3mcso4) for ajax against nac breda.
# **fixed your link**
i hope i didn't jump the gun, but you got your link syntax backward! don't worry bro, i fixed it, have an upvote!

- [maradona vs. england wc '86](http://youtube.com/watch?v=ldidrmykwf0)

- [argentina's 25 pass goal vs. serbia and montenegro wc '06](http://youtube.com/watch?v=q5w6vbi3mge)

- [carlos alberto vs. italy 1970 wc final](http://youtube.com/watch?v=0hrjevd2vhk)

- [van basten vs. ussr euro '88](http://youtube.com/watch?v=ymifwm2yjw8)

- [owen vs. argentina wc '98](http://youtube.com/watch?v=hpc6yv3bpvy)

- [here](http://reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/137a66/ibra_what_the_fuck_was_that/c71hg4g)

- [this one](http://youtube.com/watch?v=vz5vl3mcso4)



^bot ^comment  ^-  ^[ [^stats ^&amp; ^feeds](http://jordanthebrobot.com) ^] ^- ^[ [^charts](http://jordanthebrobot.com/charts) ^] ^- ^[ [^information ^for ^moderators](http://jordanthebrobot.com/moderators) ^]
i also fixed it! thanks anyway mr. brobot.
it's almost the cleverest motion i've ever seen
when a goalkeeper is going out to head a high ball he should either:

1. head it to a nearby teammate, as a header can't go far enough to clear it from that position.

2. head it over the sideline.

3. don't head it, because keepers shouldn't really do that. instead try to get your feet on it and kick it far far away.
my thoughts exactly. it's a great goal, no doubt about it, but he was helped slightly by the kamikaze goalkeeping from joe hart.

i wouldn't say get rid totally. he's still the best we have when he's in form. but he's gone without any real competition for his starting spot since 2010 in either club or country and to me it looks like he's let that affect his focus as he was a beast when he still had to prove himself. benching him for a game might give him a kick up the arse.

i'd listen to the scots and give forster a go before they unearth a great great grandma who was scottish and play him :p
maybe luck in that hart should have cleared better?  i agree there.  but that was a ridiculously nice goal.  
ibra is playing as good as any striker in the world right now... 
i agree completely. i personally don't think it comes close to being best ever. along with the ones you posted i can think of a ton more that i think are better goals. eg van bronkhorst in the wc2010 joe cole wc06
incredible goal. i still think rooney's bicycle was better: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4ca2trh3jy

just because the ball was moving and he needed to time the shot perfectly, as well as getting the right angle. i guess i could be a bit biased, but it's just my opinion.
it is interesting to notice that if you look at the best goals of all time zlatan had a previous contender as well. that time when he dodged 500 players on the pitch with fakes and then scored. he talks the talks but he does have the technique,confidence and ambition to back it up as well. 

now anyone who will make a compilation of the best goals of all time will have to include 2 goals of just one player.
it was opportunistic. hart was drawn out of position by the flow of play, and ibra capitalized on it.
only ibra would try it. just as well, considering that only ibra could pull it off.
i was crying.
he didn't express desire for shit, he was in new york, so inevitably he's going to get asked by american journalists if he would like to one day play in the mls so he said "sure why not?". i mean what's he supposed to say? "oh no thanks i've no interest in your crap league"? every time any top player  from a top european club plays in the states they get asked this exact question and it's always the same answer.
i don't get the big deal. sure it was a nice goal but i can think of at least 10 goals just off the top of my head that were better.
that is the obvious question yes and most footballers would be polite and respond like that, but there's a bit more substance to asking kaka. ny red bulls want to sign him and he responded saying "one day i hope i can play here." 
finally someone else. there was no keeper and it wasn't like he was at the half way line.
as much as i love king eric, i don't think he'd be very good at managing the present day football. his sense of pride and trust wouldn't be very helpful in dealing with a generation of footballers that seem to lack both completely.
no, i don't think so. had he missed it, people would have said how stupid it was to waste a chance on a 40 yard scissor with the keeper pulled out. i would like to bet 99 out of 100 times ibra doesn't even hit the post. this is just more of the ibra circlejerk that reddit loves so much.
&gt; as for the goal itself, there is not much to distinguish it amongst the truly greatest goals of all time other than the technique and athleticism involved

yes, i did some pondering about this myself, for all those goals, and more, you mentioned. however i do think it could be up there and people might remember it still in a couple of years. it's not "the best", but it's in that league somewhere.
during an actual game, no less. i think you know that if you don't pull it off, you'll look like a total ass, so you better be really sure, or just feel it.
good points, but if zlatan's goal is less brilliant for the fails of england defense, the same could be said for any goal, at some level. for example, the argentinian goal against serbia is made posible by the poor defense of the serbians, who would lose that game 6-0. the same argentinia wouldn't score any against netherlands.

and the fact that the whole english defense freaks out when zlatan is around, which create the situation for this gem of a strike, is largely due to the fact that zlatan scored 3 goals earlier in the same game, so it's still the action of zlatan who creates the situation.
he *was* facing away from the goal though.
i don't see anyone claiming this is the best goal ever. even if it's the 11th best goal ever, that's still pretty good, and worth discussing no matter how much of a contrarian you are.

let's see some links to the 10 you have in mind, and explanations as to why you think they're better.
no, he isn't.
i'm not sure it is the most technically brilliant, or clever or skilful goal. but there are very few players like ibra. certainly very few who would even attempt it. so by my reckoning it is worth the circlejerk.
[/r/coys](/r/coys) 
fantastic goal, still cisse's goal for me is the best i've ever seen.
right, there are not many footballers who are as arrogant and butt-hurt as ibra. i admit he is a wonderful striker and shows brilliance on the pitch. he can do things that others cannot. i just don't think this particular goal was "one of the best ever." i would say it's more of a "once in a lifetime" kind of goals.
this post makes no sense..?
this goal have not got the right amount of attention it clearly deserves. it came in second in fifas competition (goal of the year or whatever they call it.) it's better than marco van bastens goal in my opinion. oh and it happened in swedens second highest league. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pchwcjo-1ii  
doh!!

cheers. didn't see that. coys!
hart also got caught going the wrong way on the free kick. if not for those two mistakes it's a draw. 
video was taken down. here's another version:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbslwqh-r_u

don't get me wrong it was a good goal, but people are going on like it was the greatest ever.
cheers mate
the blood, stinky jersey's and highlights of raising a football player...
how's this for an example? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv43t-9dvrk
mirror?
you're looking for /r/nfl 
wrong football
wrong football. 
wrong football.
i'm not a fan of those type of goals, shot from 150 meters away and then it directly gets in the net, 99% of them are lucky or something that technically even someone in the qatar premier league could do, in any match. 

most of the 1 vs 5 maradona/pele/messi/neymar or the 6 passes at full speed in 3 seconds combinations are a few dozen leagues better in my book.
i kind of agree. he is/was a fantastic player, but failed to replicate his best form reliably for the national side. that ties in with the historical underachieving of the england team.
it's the underside of football that not many are willing to look into at the moment. we all consider these players to be incredibly fortunate, and it can be hard to reconcile that with a depressive mindset. of course, depression gives no fucks how successful you are, and it is an issue that is being talked about more and more, which can only be a good thing. once we (and football as a whole) can get past the stigma of mental health issues, effective support networks can flourish so that those affected don't feel so alone.

this is a definite improvement in terms of your articles, by the way, and one in particular i am glad to see being reported.
well said mate.
they deserve each other.
english only.
mickey suarez 


if he left right now liverpool could very well be on brink of relegation...agree?
good news...  times like these we can put away our team's colours and band as fans of the sport.  
so the fulham and west brom were against this model... umm, huh?  i guess the deep pockets at man city helped them arrive at that?
he sounds jealous! 
has gaza fighting ever stopped?  i mean we all wish for peace and i know some fans in the area really look forward to their footy... just sayin'.
gifs didn't all load correctly for me
no wonder if you play for the hsv!

ahem
this article essentially says that liverpool aren't scoring enough three times. pointless.
you're looking for /r/nfl 
english premier league, what about swansea and cardiff if they can get over that last hurdle
i wouldn't call it the worst ever, but it was absolutely ridiculous
i really loved the british commentator's reaction
i love how yepes and ospina were trying to make him feel less embarassed about it. 
yeah. worst ever is ott, but it was horrible. 
well that gave me major goosebumps
nope the worst was this season in [austria](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umqgsyq1up8) 

this goal will go to history, ibra is a livin ledgend!
karma
both of these are bad. i don't even know how that happens. it almost looks fake.
gotta love those colombians dancing round.
wrong sub pal.

/r/handegg


no chance. 
the man's mad.
hahaha, they wish! a move to league one is more likely atm
i call bullshit that pussy mancini let tevez right back in the team after his self imposed exile. that man has no balls to do anything let alone drop a player far more irreplaceable than tevez. 
my vote is for suarez but i am a fan of the pool
think he had abit too much to drink 
bullshit. this rumour's been circulating for ages. they would have to start at the bottom, not at the top.
notre dame 1st 
alabama 2nd
georgia 3rd 
florida 4th 
lsu 5th
a&amp;m 6th
oregon 7th
k-state 8th
south carolina 9th 
fsu 10th

well, that's my prediction. i'm probably way off but you know, stuff happens.

you're looking for /r/footballamerica
hope they do, i wouldn't want them back in the spl.
you're looking for /r/footbllamerica or /r/nfl 
zenit as a club should get suspended, their fans are ruthless for no reason, and the club should either catch these sad losers or take the punishment. 
don't go to russia sneijder. ruthless fans throwing explosives at goalies, shouting unspeakable things. until the russian league sorts their fans out don't go there. 
you are aware that this subreddit is about football and not american handegg, right?
what....just what?
is it not snoop lion now?
‎"i want to bring a bit of snoop to things." was my favorite part of that article.  
it is, just like the title of the linked article says. the op apparently has difficulties with this.


"i don't really care about any of this, but i want a big enough share, so i can be heard."

wat? 
i think you've got the wrong subreddit. this isn't for american football, but for what the entire rest of the world considers football.
i still say puff daddy too. will never change.

sue me.
you're looking for /r/americafootball or /r/nfl 
keane has just had one hell of a season.
should be a great game for the championship again.
premiere? hasn't this been on as a show for weeks now? i've watched like 4 or 5 episodes. is it being released as an actual full-length documentary or something?
the documentary “being liverpool” starts on setanta sports tonight
i saw an episode of this on netflix like a week ago...
ah, ok. yes, it's been playing on fox sports in the us for a while now. i will refrain from discussing it to avoid spoilers for those that haven't had a chance to watch it yet.
me too... other than to say it's very good (as much as i dislike l'pool of course! lol)
meh, i still wouldn't be surprised.  liverpool need to keep him, but i can see an offer too good to pass up.  we'll see.
agree. you don't sell the top scorer in the epl unless you are already one of the top teams in the league and have younger and more promising players coming up through you system.
have you even looked at the posts on /r/football before posting?
yes.
it is understood the two division set-up being explored would see the top league stick with 12 teams but split after two rounds of fixtures in which teams had met home and away.
the top eight clubs would then meet a further twice home and away, while the bottom four clubs would play against the top four of the new lower division of 12, made up of teams invited from the sfl.
these eight clubs would meet twice, home and away, with the bottom four clubs being relegated at the end of the season.
the bottom eight clubs in the lower division would also play-off against one another.


are they always on the buckfast up there? not even sepp blatter would think that's a good idea.
kagawa?
/r/football rules (as can be read on the sidebar):

**don't spam your (or a friend/associate's) blog/website. vary your submissions.**

first and last warning - we ban users for such behavior.
they should get killed, but can only get better by playing good squads.
can't say i follow canadian football, however, seems to be very are rather disappointing, they could learn a thing or two from their my neighbors.
their neighbours (ie the us) also have 10 times the population, plus numerous states where you can play footy year round where you can't outside of maybe bc here due to weather.  

it would be nice to compete with them, though there are definite advantages they have over us.
jamaica (98'), t&amp;t (2010) are less populated but qualified to the wc in the past 12 years.. i`m sure canada should achieve at least that..?
garbage....
i think you forgot the most crucial thing: canada is in the easiest possible federation to qualify to the world cup from. 3.5 places for concacaf (and the half being a playoff against oceania that *doesnt* include australia) is crazy. with us and mexico getting essentially free rides, there's basically 2 spots up for grabs..

nb. this is from the perspective from finland, who has to play in the european qualifiers every time. oh well, at least we both have hockey..
can't really compare a country where footy is far and away rthe most popular sport vs where its just one option.
woman? you are mistaken.

that is mike myers.
sure, there are many issues with soccer canada at a fundamental level.  there is too much politics there and not enough of the best development and coaching.

they definitely should do better than they do.  no doubt about that.

i don't think they will be as good as the us, but they should be able to get through to the concacaf final.  the latest loss was a big disappointment.
yeah we suck at footy, we should be better than we are.  that said, we aren't going to be as good as the us.
how about 1st division in greece:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ba0ss8olghy
i'd imagine that's mostly due to hockey - if football was the #1 sport in canada there's no reason why you couldn't be better than the us (the usmnt is hardly top-notch) even with the condition and population disparity. after all, sweden is easily way better than the us and they share basically the same conditions and have way less population than canada.
never meant to say canada should be as good as usa, just saying, people used to taunt the usa and it was once as far as i recall, one of their least favorite sports, but they have gone through a long way to raise awareness and interest in football in the us and they have achieved quite a lot by doing so
lol
even if abramovich had said this i wouldn't believe it.
obviously the sport's popularity in a country needs to be weighed in relation to the population as well.  

its mostly a factor of the number of top athletes playing that sport.
of course there is a lot that can be done.  canada is not achieving its potential.  not even close.
bullshit. buying *anyone* for free isn't bad signing. borini's injured and has hardly played. and it's not even halfway through the season. too early to judge.
good pick, denmark always loses their friendlies, because the manager always tries out crazy squads. 
dat taxing
well, i wonder how much of that goes to kia, his agent. all the crap with mascherano and tevez being partially owned by kia's msi. 

i sometimes feel bad for tevez, because he's definitely not the smartest guy in the block, and unfortunately have to rely on his agent (which main concern is definitely his own wallet). 
sorry, english only
who knew washington was such a big fan of st. john's (mn) football?!?
you're looking for /r/americafootball or /r/nfl 
are they still partially owned? i thought they couldn't be partially owned any more in england?
hey it's good to see he's not avoiding tax. :) 
i can see that fa fine is really cutting into his pay...
sorry man it is fake. man city payslips (as with other clubs) are personalised to the club with, say, a man city badge or so. he also did not play for city in 08/09.
i just read about it, and man city signed a deal to remove tevez from any 3rd party ownership.
neil lennon just trying to get some bitches and weed, ain't nothing wrong with that
wrong subreddit brah. but it was awesome watching the niners win
his signing really elevated the profile of mls all those years ago.  thanks for the memories.
this will be great match ! cant wait..still i think a draw is most realistic here
finally. it was really bugging me not knowing what tevez thought about this matter. next, can we get him to decide between the beatles and the stones? this is important.
he was good for a few games during the euros and now he's jesus's cum. ugh football annoys me sometimes.
the debate can go on forever.  beatles and stones = good analogy.  
must see!!!!!!!!!
this just in: man picks countryman over former team mate as greatest player.

next up pele tells us how it's actually neymar.
must see that this is the wrong subreddit!!!
what does the flag say? "i wish people would stop making stupid hearts with their stupid hands when they score"?
here is what the linked quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:

&gt;title: bad luck roberto

&gt;* leads chelsea to 2 trophys 
&gt;* first manager to be sacked in the new season

&gt;^〘[direct](http://i.qkme.me/3rv9gy.jpg)〙 ^〘[background](http://imgur.com/kva2w)〙 ^〘[translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||leads+chelsea+to+2+trophys++-+first+manager+to+be+sacked+in+the+new+season)〙

[faq](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) ┊ [more info](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/) ┊ ama: [bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/), [human](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetama/comments/12gog9/i_am_the_creator_of_qkme_transcriber_a_definitely/)
lookin' probable after reading what wenger had to say
can't believe he got sacked. roman abramovich is just a moron. i know ra owns the club and can *do what he wants with it* but he takes the absolute cunt. when are we going to get a manager who lasts longer than a calendar year?
don't think so.
poison chalice
you're looking for /r/nfl or /r/americafootball
still won't happen.
for nfl, cfl, ncaa-f and afl, head to /r/footballamerica
no proof of skill, this just could have been luck.
for nfl, cfl, ncaa-f and afl, head to /r/footballamerica
thanks for the heads up.
cos this has no possibility of going wrong at all
so what is his take? i was looking for some insightful piece of journalism.
seems a bit suspicious but you never know these days.

don't managers/coaches need to have passed their coaching badges to be able to take a job like this?
when i first saw this on match of the day i was like "yeah that was luck."
but the more i see it the more i remember that cisse is a clever player, he's not just going to kick the ball like that without a plan. so know i agree with the small group that believes he has control over the laws of physics.
edit: found a better version, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mohr8tzneya
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkj4heyijoa
i know what movie i want to watch now.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/nfl or /r/footballamerica
that is what you get when you run after money.
&gt;"i was in the attacking area and did not notice what had happened in our half.

ok then

&gt;i was very focused on the game and when the ball dropped near me the defenders did not show any initiative.

hang on, you were very focused on the game, but didn't notice what was going on?
what did he expect?
you're traped! hahahahaha
when taking this article based on the quotes given, it tells a completely different story. a dressing room full of men with football in common do not necessarily have anything else in common and will form friendships accordingly. i'm sure they both have lots of friends in the dressing room and this is sensationalising that. you do submit a lot of quality posts though, this is no criticism of you. keep it up.
maybe put a nsfw on it next time.
nope.
wrong football.
did you not read the title, "warning graphic content"?
wrong subreddit.
you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl 
wrong subreddit.
you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl 
i did, but adding a nsfw actually labels it nsfw. 
sorry my arse. if he was sorry he would have scored an og to make up for it. fuckin disgrace.
what a cunt. at least look happy for everyone else.
number of teams by nation who have qualified for the next cl stage:

4 spanish teams

3 german teams

2 english teams
added
cheers
yeah i heard about that the other day.. that is just.. bizarre..
things keep get worse and worse for chelsea this week.
seriously, love the guy if we can get on the cheap as a late sub... as much for leadership as anything else.  
this seems to be an increasing trend to the future. recently sim race champions for gran turismo 5 etcetera have been given try outs with actual racing teams as well. 

this might end up become a good way to get hired in the future.
really? that's weird. i'm doing pretty well in hitman - hopefully mi6 will pick me up.
the uk does not commit assassination (any more). it became british policy in the 1960's after a government minister announced in parliament that the british government does not do it. (sorry, i don't have the reference to hand)   

whilst there is killing carried out in times of war etc. targeted murder like the israelis or russians carry out is strictly not allowed of the british intelligence services. even the drone strikes in pakistan like the americans carry out isn't allowed, because they're in a nation we're not at war with.   

edit: although, this isn't to say they're not authorised to kill. for example in self defence, escaping capture etc.   
edit2: there was also controversy through the 1970's about whether deaths from sas action in northern ireland were assassination or simply military action. (it's a very gray area)
or maybe that's just what they want you to think...
good choice, and no one should be surprised hughes is gone.
i wonder why this question came up. i can only assume that by xabi stating this it will stir up drama with the media. soccer teams have all kinds of personalites in there locker rooms and fans shouldnt expect for every single player to be the best of friends or friends at all as long as they have a professional and mutual respect like xabi stated.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/nfl or /r/footballamerica
incredible!
fucking ultra bellends. uefa should ban them from football for life.
are you from the usa? what brought you to eintracht?

i honestly have no idea how this game will end, but i think it will be a great match. it's been a long time since being an eintracht fan was so much fun.
what a dick. he should have been banned for life.
well, *technically* he's banned for life... who is going to buy a player that hasn't played for six years?
the difference is bigger but they still get around the same amount of extra time as tottenham and arsenal when they are losing. they just get less when they are winning.
yes. i run the only official eintracht frankfurt fan club in the united states. check out http://eintrachtusa.com.
shouldn't this show the difference in what the ref calls extra?
/r/cfb
get this shit out of here. fuck norte dame
youre talking about 10-20 seconds max, besides chelsea and nobody likes shitty chelsea, save for drogba - he was a good dude. stop making shitty excuses for why a team like united consistantly wins against your favored team. it must be annoying, but you stoop to this crap. its probably because of good transfer decisions, youth academy training, and tactical management. this many years of sucess doesnt come down to 10 or twenty seconds of extra time, any fan of football can tell you that its not enough time to change anything and any statistician can tell you that theres a lot more to a statistic than what you want to believe from it.
wrong football. (but go cougs.)
please shut up. thanks
totally agree. i always thought 'fergie' time was when there was time added on to the minimum allocation of injury time at the end of a match. just because a match goes longer doesn't mean it's fergie time, it might mean the a goalkeeper received on field treatment for an injury. however, once the clock ticks over that injury time allocation, then we're into fergie time, and there's no better time to score.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl
that'd just be a bad idea. madrid and barcelona would have no real competition. 
agreed.. although if and only if barcelona would have independence, it would be interesting to see how other football clubs react to this.. in specific, the basque teams
http://www1.skysports.com/football/news/11709/8280924/norwich-to-investigate-alleged-racist-comments-directed-at-sebastien-bassong
i guess chelsea's goal is to just buy everyone that scores on them
i don't like shakhtar donetsk, but wouldn't tottenham be a stepdown for him?
lol.. how could that be a stepdown?
from shakhtar to tottenham!?
from the ukrainian league to the one of the best leagues in the world with the best players?
how to feel unwanted on your first day at work...
it's acceptable for welsh teams to play in the english leagues so why wouldn't barca be able to keep playing in spain?

club chairmen should avoid speaking to the press whenever possible.
what would this mean for the spanish national team?
nothing, where the club team is located has nothing to do with the national team selection, and often the unofficial catalonia team draws from players who also play for the spanish national team.
boo on me. thanks. still kinda new here. 
yeah, why so much hate? hes not going to last that long
why was he trying to steal zlatan's bottle anyway? i would be just as pissed off as zlatan was too.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl
wrong football retard. ps fuck notre dame
the no nonsense attitude sec programs have with their coaching staff is a factor in their national dominance.
i realize now, thank you. 
hey, wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/fooballamerica or /r/nfl
yeah, visit www.goal.com

top left side of the page -&gt; edition: australia

(in my case the edition is international)

try changing that..
i know how to do that, i should reiterate. how do i block the page trying to send me to local after i visit the basic www.goal.com?
if you've set the edition to international and refreshed the page, it should send you from now on to goal.com and not to goal.com.au anymore
haha i fuckin love that - well found gif there. i wished the next gif would be zlatan fly kickin that guy or a clip around the ear.
as a swede, zlatan's a douche.
every time i start a new session on my laptop it redirects me and i have to manually set it. i just want it to permanently set ti the international version without a pop up. 
was probably for lack of control rather than diving edit: not that it was the right call
how do i change it?
i believe it is likely you've stumbled into the wrong subreddit.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl 
whoops - my apologies!
nothing better than a commentator going absolutely insane after a goal.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica and/or /r/nfl
the gunners club? that sounds completely credible.
thats what she said
what a mare.
there will be a managerial opening in about a year. dont worry.
nowhere in that article does messi say anything about guardiola being a success at chelsea. lame headline, lame fucking url.
i'm embarrassed that such a solid players is on loan! he needs a solid team!
would definitely wear
he is a childhood bvb fan and he said the only club he'd ever join would be liverpool. lets see...
ian rush's mustache
the jerkoffs

p$g all over it again.
am i the only one who gets super pissed when american writers convert to the us dollar? i am american, i can think in pounds and the euro, stop trying to convert to the us dollar. no one uses it in transfers and frankly i dont give a rats ass what american writers think about anything.

sorry, just have to vent and rant. i feel better.
a) this is an australian website and b) it just makes it easier for people to understand how much money it is without having to know exchange rates
how dare they relate the article to their local demographic.
ronaldo should come to the mls.
there is no way ronaldo will want to play at psg.
give it 5 or 6 years.  he's already said he'd love to play here someday.  my guess would be either la or ny:  big fish; big pond. 
hope afc win, great article!
true, but i think there are a few clubs ronaldo would be more keen to extort.
i will be shocked if this turns out to be true.

he's a good player but united quality? nah. definitely not £12 millions worth of player either.
i half expected a joke article saying: "i'd like to apologise for comparing scunthorpe's defending to the holocaust. relatively, the holocaust clearly quite wasn't that bad."
along with half of lower class england
why the down votes people?
i all honesty, i think he's right. there seems to be a small group of overseas players that are finding their way to the league. robbie keane, henry, etc.. and it looks like more may be coming over, in the form of frank lampard. players that are a bit passed the level in which to play in europe, but still enough in the tank to contribute to the mls.
the same is rodrigo palacio
oh poor juve, lost on a controversial penalty.  one game doesn't even things out over the years though.
definitely not... the "human error" discussion is long since over.
isn't anyone else tired of hearing about sneijder?  i just want him to go away! lol... no offence meant, inter fans.
it makes your toast taste like sadness. 
glory to the welshman! 
heh, the aussie dollar, even worse. if the transfer stays in europe, keep it simple by not converting. he isnt going to a-league.
downvoted for not knowing how to spell "queens"; who knew it was so complicated? apparently to op it is.
good stuff
who cares.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/nfl or /r/footballamerica
yahoo trying to be like the onion? that's like axe trying to be like the old spice body wash commercials 
upvoted because downvotesbadenglish is a prick

upvoted because downvotesbadenglish is a prick

well you obviously or you would not have opened the post.
"this is worse than the time they closed legoland on my birthday"
it says 2003 in the credits. i don't understand the rest of it, as i somehow don't speak korean, but could it be a rather old short?
the song is [civilization by justice](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svq2ymuamvq) if anyone was wondering. really cool video.
i cant wait for the day platini hands in his resignation.
it's hardly a league of "champions" as it is!

who would want even more teams like h. kiryat shmona, dnipro and neftci competing in the champions league?

if anything, the champions league should be restructured back to having only the champions of each uefa member league included and that's it. like it used to be.

this would mean the athe champions league is kept for the champions, a select few to battle it out for the top honour while all the other teams can battle it out for the europa league (the best of the rest) maybe a regional format could be introduced for the europa league? each region has a league, top two teams go through to play teams from the other regions.
who can blame him? with the fans behind the manager and the team all pulling in the same direction, the hawthorns is probably currently the better place to be. 
sad at losing or just bad ice cream headaches?
yes, he gives us a good option, and has done very well since he arrived. as has the whole team this season actually. 


although i must say that with our current system i prefer long to take the central striker position. he will chase down anything and works incredibly hard. he is more of an all round threat at the moment, but lukaku is a welcome addition by all means. 
sorry: english only:
inglés solamente por favor
inglés solamente por favor
english only.
yeah, we read that as well.
as a chelsea fan, i hope we bring lukaku back in january. i'd start him over torres or sturridge ever day of the week.
it's so important he plays regularly with his style of play. i know belgium's no where near the standard of epl but when used week-in-week-out at anderlecht he was top scorer in jupiler league as a teenager. big potential 
why the hurry?
can still remember maradona in the 'mars' shirt when they last won it. great chance to do it this season, going to be a great title race
yeah, but how would she do on a cold windy night in stoke?
would be nice to see napoli win it, although if they haven't yet - it doesn't seem likely this season.
this looks like a good way to burn him out quickly... although i do trust galliani on most decisions, this looks stupid, even if he is a future world class player
no wonder!
no, don't push the kids too much.
there goes mancini's plans for using the david platt mask against dortmund.
well they have to get more money from somewhere else now that we're onto their bribery money
it just takes one big guy to break the kid's leg somehow.
all i saw was a few spectacular plays nothing truly amazing, but does the kid have skills to make passes and create plays 
this kind of sucks. why would they even do this? do they expect people to be happy after they lose a semifinal? 
her name is 전수미/jeon sumin.

the text at the end is a list of awards she's won.
i don't like it, there are enough bad teams in the league already. 
i'm sure chiellini would love to be the one
wrong subreddit man :) this isnt american football, its football (soccer) ;)
[/r/nfl](/r/nfl) is probably what you are looking for 
this is not the eggball sub.
wrong subreddit. you're looking for /r/footballamerica or /r/nfl
sorry!
he looks like a puppy who has not grown into his oversize paws yet with those huge orange shoes on hhee
what am i doing with my life?
all he needs now is a wooden eyeball and he could be an extra on the black pearl.
i look forward to seeing what comes of this!

also; good article but the author needs to spend less time trying to be a comedian.
"what the hell does a player have to do to get in the top 3 in the fucking ballon d'or?!"

play for barca or real, plain and simple.
timmy!
what did platty do? i remember him beefing with bobby manc, but i don't remember him getting sent off
i don't think its a joke that pirlo and falcao are not in the list.

falcao is worthy, thats true, but more worthy than messi? ronaldo? perhaps more worthy than iniesta, but than you need to ask, who votes for the player of the year? and the answer is that it the ballon d'or is awarded based on votes by coaches and captains of international teams, as well as journalists from around the world and they've decided that those 3 are more worthy than falcao. as simple as that.
unfortunately i think most players coaches etc when told to vote dont really care and are just lazy. i bet they dont even get asked, someone like an admin probably fills the form out for them and they send it away. do you realise how hard it would be to get every fucking player, coaches and managers vote on such a trivial thing when they've got actual training or preparation to get on with for their big match - i'm sure they dont even give a toss. if i was one o them i'd say "fuckin stop wasting my time, get the tea lady or cleaner to vote for me - i got a match/training session to get on with.".  


and then as a result of that, the most obvious players get picked. simple.
ribery would have deserved to be in there instead of either iniesta or ronaldo. he has played an amazing year
i can sort of agree about pirlo. he's had a great year and could definitely see him before iniesta. he was the best player in the euros in my opinion, though iniesta wasn't far behind.

but there's no way falcao deserves to be in front of iniesta, let alone ronaldo. ronaldo scored 71 goals in 67 appearances in 2011/2012, falcao 39 in 57. of course, ronaldo has better support behind him, but still, falcao would've had to have been significantly better than ronaldo in aspects other than goalscoring, which he wasn't. 
i could see an argument for falcao. it seems like he scores every goal for atletico, especially when they need someone to step up and bang one home. but like packman said, he doesn't play for madrid or barcelona. atletico aren't going to win the cl or la liga any time soon.

pirlo had a good euro and was on the team that went unbeaten in serie a last season but he isn't even the best midfielder on that team. vidal has been bossing that midfield for the last two seasons. pirlo is a vanity choice at best. 
15 years old?  wow.  that stinks of desperation.  they're only in 9th... it's not that big of a stretch to move up.
falcao defintely deserves it.  pirlo has been outstanding both club and country.  definitely top 10 quality, not sure on top 3. but falcao is a shame.
because the english league is so tough, we didn't expect a world class talent to do well there.
spain won 3 tournaments in a row and no ballon's d'or for a spanish player...

ha is england cut out for him?  he should do himself a favor and stay at atleti, the only people who still see england as the testing ground for great players are the english media.  they like to give la liga a lot of stick for being a two horse race, but jesus is their league any better?  its only a three horse race, and barely that.
i'm still shocked they even need a new coach.
zlatan would deserve it over either of those two. not to say they didn't have fantastic years, but every single year zlatan is snubbed. if you really wanna make an argument that any of the top 3 should be replaced by someone it's hard to see either pirlo or falcao more deserving than zlatan.
you're kidding right saying that iniesta had an ok season? he and xavi are the reason that messi scores so many goals... every team he plays for wins, he deserves to win. 
 
pirlo&gt;iniesta or cr, yeah, but the others, nah.
i agree that iniesta shouldn't be in the top 3, but ronaldo's place is totally justified. sure, he has a great support, but so does messi. both are amazing, even though i do prefer messi because he is humbler.
you complain that falcao should be in it over ronaldo with the argument being centered around falcao's goals scoring dominance, you then derail your own argument saying that ronaldo has more goals...

on to pirlo, he was outstanding last season and in the beginning of the euro but he fell off against the likes of germany and spain. even though italy beat germany i would argue that pirlo was a non factor that game and that montolivo did most of the work at midfield and of course italy got crushed by spain next match. i don't feel pirlo deserves as much credit he gets because he hasn't performed up to his standard against the bigger teams.
messi is so far ahead of anyone that his place in final three is a guarantee. ronaldo is still leagues ahead of other players on the planet. had he been around at just about any other era he would be ballon d'or winner for years. iniesta is one of the best players i've ever seen play the game and would say that he is very close to the other two named on the short list and so no i don't think pirlo and falcao deserve to be on the list because as we'll as they've played they are still not as good as these top three players
what did zlatan do last year apart from being top scorer in the serie a?
an exceptional european championship 
having the best team does not necessarily mean you have the best player in the world on that team.
thor to blyth spartans.

enough with these threads already. sorry mate, nothing personal.
anyone to arsenal... :'(
jürgen klopp definitely should win the coachaward.
messi to man united
as amazing as that would be, i don't think he'd mesh well with the team at all.

this may not be entirely popular, but i'd love to see neymar come play in the premiere league. his play style is getting more mature, l'd like to him on a bigger stage. 
i don't know about that. i think messi is godly enough to mesh well with every single team in the world.
mourinho to man utd after saf leaves
just to remind that ronaldo in the premier league scored 26 goals, while in the liga he scored 46. this shows how tougher the premier league is than the liga
&gt;falcao

&gt;he's doing amazing things with his national team of columbia.

this only really stacks up against ronaldo, messi is as good as he has ever been for the nt and iniesta won the euros with the golden ball.

i think that falcao may get on next year depending how atleti do. you are right about him being the striker. he's awesome. i love him to death. i think he should be there instead of ronaldo.

&gt;pirlo

&gt;i'm sure spain would have reached the final without iniesta.

i don't think this factors into the equation. italy also isn't as strong a league as spain at the moment.

the problem is:

leave ronaldo out: he scored so many goals!

leave iniesta out: he is so good and he won the euros!

leave messi out: have you seen him play? he also almost has scored the most goals in a calender year!

all three players are as worthy. hell even all five. rvp scored a heap of goals with arguably a worse team around him than falcao (i won't argue it but it has been argued) in a league where it is very easy to score.
the "best player" is a very relative thing... ¿how you measure that? the problem is that attack players are more commercial, but for me puyol was the best player of the world during two seasons. and maybe we will never see another time a playmaker like xavi...

i respect your opinion but...
i see your point, but i disagree.  my opinion is that it isnt that easy to simply say, the prem is tougher.  there are a lot of factors that go into goal tally.  it could be as you say and the teams are more tactically inclined towards tougher defense.  or it could also be the way that michu recently said, who himself plays for swansea city and said that prem league teams don't try to "play football" (http://www.fifa.com/worldfootball/clubfootball/news/newsid=1959470.html?intcmp=newsreader_news_box_2)  .  there is poorer service from the midfield in the english league.  in a lot of the top teams in la liga, service is built via technically gifted midfielders who attempt to dominate the midfield and string possession together, while in epl there is undoubtedly a focus on countering, and using direct, long balls to get service to the strikers.  in my opinion, i think a striker can wait around all day for a good direct ball, meanwhile if his midfielders are building possession and playing in the opposing half for much of the game, then a striker is gonna see more chances and if hes any good, bury them.
&gt;fell off against germany

absolutely not. he contributed well to the defense (for once) and bound up half of germany's midfield. i agree with you on his effort against spain being soundly sub-par though.

as for struggling in games against "bigger teams", i'd like to see you refer to any other games than the inter and spain one in the past year. he's been the conductor, mind and backbone of a team that went 49 games unbeaten almost squarely through possession play.
fair play, at least he doesn't mind taking the piss out of himself. 
as a dutchie: what am i watching exactly?
why would he be doing the chicken dance is what i don't understand
so funny, i'm dutch and i've been watching steve doing post-match interviews at twente for years and i've always told my friends whenever he came on that his accent was getting more and more dutch by the day, but they always said they didn't hear it at all. i knew i wasn't crazy!
as a dutchman, i hope he goes to newcastle. he's already a pretty good asset to the national team, but a bit of premier league experience will make him all the better. the dutch league is just pathetic. we have a saying in dutch football that goes "if you're from holland and you're any good, you're not playing in holland".
you're watching joey barton (an english footballer who has been playing in france for a year and has been mocked for putting on a french accent), saying steve mcclaren's accent (which has become more and more dutch the longer he's been here in holland) is "incroyable" (which means 'unbelievable'). it's a bit of a joke by joey barton, making fun of his own french accent.
why not? are you saying you don't do the funky chicken dance at every football match?
lol seems like there's one of these every month. that's not football, it's football. this subreddit is for football, not football. sorry for the confusion. 
maybe someday barcelona will understand that their problem is the defense, not the strikers.

as a real madrid supporter, i really hope that they expend all that money in another striker
i'm sorry, but that won't happen. despite the constant reports of clubs and countries that want to hire him there is realistically little to no chance of klinsmann leaving the us. even if he was sacked tomorrow i can't really see him taking a job in europe anytime soon unless they actually allowed him to skype in to coach from the oc.
müller has really small ones and they always slide down, so u often see on the left leg its completly down and on the right leg up. but he has shinhuards on
bit late mate
[**@lfc**](https://twitter.com/lfc):
&gt;[2014-07-01 09:59:54 utc](https://twitter.com/lfc/status/483912872972779520)

&gt;[#lfc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23lfc) are delighted to announce the signing of adam lallana from southampton [#lallanalfc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23lallanalfc) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/brc0mqziqaacgoo.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/rzaapxf.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/29jy52%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

karam benzema is playing well
 http://donnyyrocks.tumblr.com
not official for me till i see him lean on something.  
that and i don't think england would ever hire a german
do you think ozil was overlooked at rm?
rodgers is so going to fuck this up.
perhaps but i like ozil more centrally, right behind a striker.,
man liverpool are trying to rapidly acquire.
he's a playaaaa
he's defiantly one of the more knowledgable keepers when it comes to affecting the game from outside his box.  he's able to act as a quarterback with the ball in his hands sometimes even sending forwards onto streaking counterattacks with well placed through balls.  he constantly feeds his midfield a with strong direct throws.  
i'm not sold yet on his sweeper keeper role.  i have yet to see a blunder on his part but the whole methods see so extremely risky.
indeed. it's one of the only things you *have* to wear
i think it's important that any top level goalkeeper understands when to come out and clear the ball and be able to read the play well enough to know when the defenders aren't getting to it and when he needs to charge out. against algeria sometimes he was a bit silly but others he was absolutely essential and if he didn't come out would have given algeria a clear 1v1 which is never a fun time for a gk. his ability to read the play like this, distribute the ball perfectly with long throws or kicks he has both or just as a general shot stopper neuer competes with any other goalkeeper in the world.
he made a few blunders using his sweeper-keeper technique in the champion's league final, one of which ronaldo almost scored from.
i still think some of those charges were over-ambitious.
these are my feelings on him exactly. his ball out to put the striker through on goal was amazing. the whole standard of goalkeeping this world cup has elevated to another level
what about a dutch coach?
not really significant anymore but 7 is usually a wingers number, 9 is a centre forward, 10 centre attacking and 11 usually strikers.
now a days the numbers on the jerseys are not what they used to be. but those were meant to be for midfielders and strikers.

7 is used by wingers, or center midfielders (ángel di maría, david beckham, frank ribery, etc) 

9 is the striker, the guy that usually is in charge of scoring and he'll do it by any means necessary, using any part of his body (chicharito hernández, zlatan ibrahimovich, hugo sánchez, etc)

11 is also a striker but he's usually trying to create opportunities for the 9 to score although if he sees the chance, he'll try to score himself (carlos vela, ezequiel lavezzi, lionel messi, sergio agüero, alexis sánchez)

10 is like the brain of the team, he puts the attack together and makes sure the strikers have opportunities to score. he slows down the game or accelerates it depending on the needs and situation of the team. if he scores, it'll be a majestic goal, something you want to see over and over again (my personal favorite ronaldinho, mesut özil, wesley sneijder, etc)


ninja edit: english is not my mother language and i might've messed up the terms, that's why i gave a little explanation an examples of every one of the numbers. 
here's how shirt numbers should be used:

- 1: goalie
- 2: right-back
- 3: left-back
- 4: centre-back
- 5: centre-back
- 6: centre-back/defensive midfield
- 7: right midfield
- 8: centre-midfield
- 9: striker
- 10: forward
- 11: left-midfield
- 12: defender
- 13: goalie

all other numbers are available for any position. 

there is some debate about some of these numbers but nonsense like gyan wearing number 3, gallas wearing 10, or dempsey wearing 2 should not be tolerated. 
neuer never played against ronaldo in a cl final.
yeah, the biggest term i hear that i haven't wrapped my brain around is when people say things like, "we need a true #9 style player on our squad."

to me, the #9 is the guy who just gets the job done. this is sort of the goal scoring machine, that you're not exactly sure how he's going to do it, but if you get him the ball, he sort of figures his way around things and finds his shot.  sometimes this is a target forward style guy that can receive the ball, hold up play, muscle someone off and find his shot. lukaku came on today with the #9 and did exactly that. they just make things happen up top.

the #10 is your playmaker, puppeteer, maestro kind of attacking midfield. this guy strings everything together, assumedly. he's the type of player that when he's off the pitch, it messes up the flow and style of play. you typically need a #10 to find the passes that others can't pull off. to connect your midfield to your striker. they are the wire in which you send the ball along. you expect them to pull off some sort of magic assist that blows your mind.

the rest of the roles are a guess for me. the #11 especially... not quite sure the difference between a #9 style striker or a #11. #11 sounds like the kind of guy who needs good service to make things happen
i must disagree here, as a person of the united states, with the stereotype that americans know little of association football/soccer. simply put, soccer is the biggest youth sport (#2, #1 is basketball). as a teenager i quip with my friends about playing soccer as 10 year olds even if we were completely unathletic, since everyone played soccer as younger kids. whoever says americans aren't into soccer (which is a  at first glance reasonable thing to say, because we have hockey, basketball, american football, and baseball as well) is probably, well, not from the u.s. 
i actually had a conversation about this on another thread today. part of the problem with soccer in the us is the fact that it's promoted and sort of culturally ingrained as a youth sport, whilst the other big sports are by implication and often quite literally seen as "adult" sports. this leads to a weird, almost uniquely american state of affairs where kids "grow out" of soccer and take up other sports, whereas in other countries this wouldn't happen. i'm not sure whether this damages the prospects of the national team or output of players, but  i do think this attitude of viewing it as a kid's game is damaging to the potential of soccer in the us in general. like you say, you all know it... as the game you played when you were ten and then grew out of. not applicable to everyone of course, but many i'm sure. 
morecambe because you probably haven't heard of them and i support them
first of all, people can request any number these days. so it isn't really 100% accurate.

anyway.

1 is almost always the goalkeeper and from there on you add one the more forward you go.

for example. 2-5 are defenders.

6-8 and 10(mostly the midfielder or the ca(mid forward basically)

9 and 11 are attackers.

the 11 is mostly the winger in the back of the 9 so to speak.

the 9 is the goalgetter.
not arsenal, manchester united or liverpool

an american jumping on the bandwagon and liking those teams is cliche.
dumb question, what are all the euro leagues, and what's the difference? just regional? i've heard the premier league is the best/most popular one. is that true?
if you're from another country it's understandable that you're going to be more interested in the bigger teams that generally play the best football. it's not like you have a local connection to yeovil town f.c.
as an american who has followed football for years, i can tell you that you have 4 choices. arsenal, celtic fc, inter milan and/or your local mls team.

there are other teams that have been playing well for several years, but i don't see chelsea fans, or manchester city, or the teams that have gotten strong in the last decade or so.

its like everyone likes one of those three if they follow the premier league.
if you have cable you can watch every premier league game online for free.  look up the teams that finished in the top half of the table.  do a bit of research on the history of each and then just casually watch the league season next year.  you'll fall in love eventually.  or if you have friends who follow the epl then ask them about their favorite team.  that's how i wound up a spurs fan
neuer has to play like this because of germany's insistence on playing a very high line with the likes of mertesackr at cb, who is never going to cover the ground when a long ball is played over the top to a pacey striker. luckily ol' manuel is brilliant at it and algeria's passing wasn't amazing. once teams use this effectively then it's curtains. the liverpool 5-1 arsenal game back in feb is the perfect example of this.
it is the most popular in the us other than specific areas (southwest is probably more into liga mx), it is the most physically challenging of the top leagues in europe. it all depends on the type of footy you want to watch. if you like technical play (lots of flair and passes leading up to goals) then la liga (spanish league) is for you. if you like defense heavy footy serie a(italy) is for you. if you like a good mix of the two with some quick counter attacks then you'll want to watch the bundesliga(germany) or the pl. i don't know too much about the french league, so i can't really comment on what that is like. start out watching some more mls games and if you live near by a team go to a few games. if there is a local nasl (or the equivalent) team, go to their games too. they are relatively cheap tickets and you'll have a great time.
good info. do the teams from the different euro leagues ever end up playing each other at all? for example, is there ever a situation where real madrid would play manchester united in some kind of match?
there are two major european cups. the champions league (the top 2,3,or 4 teams from each of the big leagues as well as a few from smaller leagues that make it through the gambit of qualification matches) and the europa league (a lot of the teams that didn't make it through qualifying for cl and the top teams from even smaller leagues, also some of the teams that don't make it out of the group stage of the cl drop down into the el). they are great to watch! 
cool, thanks!
if you really liked the pace and drama of that game, then you're better off watching the premier league since a lot of the games can be really open there. as for a specific club to watch, borussia dortmund are a lot of fun to watch and very vertical in their play.
everton, simply because historically they are a blue collar fan base, with hard working, ethical players, that seem to constantly stick with that theme in their players, and even have a nickname "the school of science" because of their fundamental play. they also work with a lot less money than the top 4 or 5 clubs int he epl and compete with them regardless.

or, if you have any english genealogy at all in your blood, you can trace it back and pick a team from where your relatives once resided. that's what i did, until portsmouth was relegated and went bankrupt :( by that time i everton had won me over. :)  
true but he does a similar thing for bayern of course the game against alheria was unusualy for the amount of times he had to come out but neuer does that stuff all the time.
i know it might be difficult but if you can, avoid following a side just for the sake of it or simply because they're successful. watch games and get into the sport and you'll start to find things that you like about particular clubs or players.
only my opinion but i think football is at its best when you are properly emotionally involved, when you have a real reason for supporting a team and wanting them to succeed. football for me can make or break my weekend, and the lows make the highs so much better.
yeah i think we're arguing the same point. i should have replied to the original poster. apologies.
tim howard...
it might have been higher if he brought a backup for jozy.
i'm a chelsea fan since 2010.  i studied abroad in europe within walking distance of stamford bridge and we could hear the cheers form our flat.  one of the guys i became friends with was also a huge chelsea fan so i just decided to say fuck it and make that my football team.  the guy that did my tattoos is a huge west ham fan and he gave me shit, saying chelsea is just all posh boys.  my friend told me to tell him "and champions" haha
your best bet is to start watching the english premier league (epl). it's regarded as the best league in the world because it's less of a foregone conclusion that the other leagues. spanish/german/french leagues are dominated by essentially 2 teams. the epl is more contested. last season was pretty exciting. man city and chelsea are always challenging, man utd now have a world class manager and are trying to bounce back from a shocking previous year, liverpool will be looking to build on almost winning the league and arsenal always play beautiful football. there are also other teams looking to break into the so-called "top 4" that monopolise the top 4 spots of the league that grant them entry into the champions league (££$$€€) such as tottenham and everton. i'd avoid italy until you're properly into football, as the league is extremely tactical and can be seen as pretty boring to the untrained eye. 

i hope that helps a little.
no.
i don't get pissed off by them generally. i view it as a chance for them to be exposed to football, and there will always be some people who get converted into actual fans. for me, thats worth dealing with bandwagoners. however, during todays game, there were quite a few 'fans' booing our own players for errant passes. that did piss me off. watch, enjoy, cheer your heart out. but never boo your own team
my bad it was the semi-final, either way [here's a video.](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x1s4qb2_ronaldo-almost-goal-vs-bayern-munich-vs-real-madrid-29-04-2014_sport)
i think you should support your nearest mls team. you will have a better chance at going to games and learning about the game and supporters.  

your support will help grow not only the fan base of that team but help increase the popularity of football in america by one more person. 
i - as an american - think it should be seen as great news. i wish we had the same fervor for rugby ( my true love ). i am an international sports fan in general - likely from living abroad and welcome my brethren to the world of football / soccer and international sports as a whole. 
i would say that it is illogical and bad for the sport (your emotions i mean)
he must have been more injured than we were led to believe. i was expecting to seem in extra time.
i knew this comment was here and came here to display my awesome insight. thank you for confirming - have an up-vote.
chelsea if you are a good dude. liverpool if you are an ass.
i support liverpool, i guess that makes me an american bandwagoner 
yeah. don't jump on the bandwagon of a big international team. get behind local football. we have the same issue here in australia. we have a term for those who look down on the a-league and only watch euro leagues... eurosnobs. 

watching top football at weird hours can be great. but nothing beats going to the stadium and building a comrade with the people from your area. i've made lifelong friends from being involved with my local teams.  
if you watch the nfl, can you provide some comparisons between types of fanbases and teams?

for example, sounds like liverpool is the equivalent of the ny jets.
i support a bpl team and a mls team, i enjoy the action and level of play of the premier league and also have a bunch of friends over in england so i have grown accustomed to it.

i also follow the mls in my area, i will be getting season tickets for this next season and am greatly looking forward to that! 
just dont go for plastic arabe money teams or teams that can only have world class talents due to money - psg, as monaco, m city, chelsea, etc...

i personaly support arsenal
that is very true. by supporting your local side you will get to meet people who can become good friends and you have a great comradery by supporting your team through thick and thin.  
i'm not talking about using jozy but having someone who can semi-fill in for him.  dempsey played very good in the 4 games but noting having a big guy up front hurt the us.
first, i agree with many others on here that first and foremost, you should consider supporting your local mls team.  if you can go to matches, they are quite fun.  attendance is generally good, as are energy levels, and it's growing by leaps and bounds, particularly in the nw us, if you happen to hail from that area.  if there isn't a team located near you, you can subscribe to mls live for $65 to watch every game.  the stream quality is excellent, the commentary often less so, but i think the service is well worth the money.

second, as a fellow american who loves soccer, one of the things that frustrated me when first getting into club football were the seemingly dynastic qualities of many clubs.  la liga, for example, is dominated almost exclusively by real madrid and barcelona (until this year thanks to atletico) and has been for some time.  if you support other american sports, we really don't have any true comparison for this.  there are no teams in any sport that are able to dominate leagues to anywhere near the same extent, thanks to things like salary caps.  i love this aspect of american sports, because the field is, in general much more wide open, whereas in club football, the big teams have nearly unlimited bank accounts and can snap up the all the top talent.

for the reasons listed above, my favorite league to follow is hands down the epl.  while still generally dominated by a handful of clubs, the champion title often changes hands year to year, and the competition is much more open, and smaller challengers tend to make much better runs than in la liga or other similar leagues.

additionally, nbc has started broadcasting many and streaming all epl matches, which makes it much easier to view as an american.  i subscribe to dishworld for $15/month as well to catch some ligue 1, serie a, and la liga, but don't follow any of those leagues nearly as passionately as the epl.

finally, if you do choose to go the epl route, may i recommend london-based tottenham hotspur as your new club?  they are not one of the household names in the us, like man u, chelsea, arsenal (gooners are the worst :d), liverpool, and i see this as a big plus.  however, they do have a decent size american fan base, and many cities have tottenham supporters groups.  we are far from dominant, but have finished consistently in the upper mid-table for quite a few years now.  though w e have yet to have a big breakthrough, i think the team is ascendant and we just got a new manager who i think will be a great fit for the club.  we have some top level talent who have yet to truly live up to their potential, so you have the potential to watch some real growth.  we also have one of the best keepers in the world in hugo lloris, unless he decides to jump ship (entirely possible, and wouldn't blame him), but he's awesome.

one other cool thing about spurs supporters is, back in the day, they were strongly associated (though really inaccurately) as being a 'jewish' club, and were called 'yids' (slur) as an insult.  the fans actually embraced the name, and now use it in a positive light.  always thought that was pretty cool.

glad you're getting into the game.  best of luck choosing a team.
everton because tim howard.
yeah, my stance means you can't support a team overseas. i grew up with celtic. coming from a scottish family you're giving your first celtic top at birth. 

what i'm saying is supporting your local club can be a far better experience than a team on the other side of the world. 
&gt; germany may have progressed to the last eight of the world cup with a 2-0 extra time victory over algeria, but it could have been a very different story if not for goalkeeper manuel neuer.  


it wasn't 2:0, it was 2:1.
celtic. because reasons.
i would agree entirely, it can be rewarding to be able to go and experience the games in person rather than just on tv.  

coming from a greek family, i am actually surprised that i wasn't brought up to root for a team from greece like olympiacos or panithinakos, it is hard to follow them though, i wish there was an easier way.
definitely tune into mls, its getting better and better. if there's a team near you, go to watch them live. there's nothing like a soccer match.

 as for tv viewing nbc does very solid coverage of the bpl (the highest division in england. other easily accessible leagues are spanish la liga bbva, and liga mx (a few of our usmnt players play down there). top level leagues that are somewhat more difficult to view easily are the italian serie a, and the german bundesliga.

now the crem de la crem of club soccer is the champions league which takes the best teams of each countries league and pits them against each other in a for at similar to the world cup, except it happens every season and goes for the whole european season.

i won't tell you which team to pick as your own, just watch and try and enjoy the game. get to know some players and teams and the way its played at the top level and you'll soon enough find "your team" 

welcome down the rabbit hole. have fun!
it's a two part answer really.  there will be fans who truly enjoy what they see and then become fans and make it a regular part of their lives like other american sports, these are the fans who will help grow the game and see the mls rise.

the other fans probably will go back to the rafters and wait another 4 years for the next world cup and ignore the presence of the mls, they will probably try and determine which mls team tim howard plays for and then completely disregard the uswnt in their own cup run next summer.

i'm not trying to be bitter, it's just not right to only consider yourself a fan every four years when their is plenty of other futbol around to be enjoyed
isn't tim howard the gk for everton? that's why i was thinking of trying to follow them.

edit: nvm, i saw another post confirming timmy's being part of the team.
i was thinking the same thing.
op, plz don't hate the above mentioned teams just because supporting them is cliche. like whatever team you want and dont give a shit about others.
no way! liverpool is like a team full of douchebags, like the giants or cowboys or patriots. one word, suarez. 

(btw, let's go jets!!!)
except wondo, his face is going to be buried in his hands the entire ride back
i would probably choose to support your local team... doesn't matter if there not that great (although if they're not the tickets seem to be cheaper) but also watch the bpl had the best teams and literally anyone can win it whereas with other big leagues you always expect 3 of the bigger teams to be competing 
i would probably have to say giggs and the german striker klose
last world cup the italian goal keeper accidentally punched a player in the face making a clearance. he got red 
have some faith people. although three years ago he was playing league one, lallana is no slouch. he is a very smart player that should fit like a glove to rodgers passing style. don't forget rodgers is also a great coach who will improve him tremendously. ynwa
awww, but tottenham hotspur has been a nice home for a fair few of the american players over the years - kasey keller, brad friedel, clint dempsey. also we share a nick-name with an american basketball team (the spurs) :)
i'm an irishman and a leeds utd fan, and i can tell you that there's nothing but the greatest respect for giles around elland road.

personally i think it would be someone like [oleg blokhin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oleg_blokhin) who is very much forgotten despite his career achievements.
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
 [**oleg blokhin**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oleg%20blokhin): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;__oleh volodymyrovych blokhin__ ([ukrainian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_language): оле́г володи́мирович блохі́н, [russian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_language): оле́г влади́мирович блохи́н; born 5 november 1952 in [kiev](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiev)) is a former [ukrainian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine) football player and manager who is currently a free agent. blokhin was formerly a standout [striker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/striker) for dynamo kyiv and the [soviet union](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_union_national_football_team).

&gt;he holds the all-time top goalscorer record for both dynamo kyiv (266 goals) and the soviet union national team (42 goals), as well as being the overall top goalscorer in the history of the [soviet top league](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_top_league) (211 goals). he is also the only player to have been [capped](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cap_(sport\)) over [100 times](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_footballers_with_100_or_more_caps) for the soviet union and holds dynamo's appearance record with 582 appearances during his 18 year spell at the club. with dynamo, blokhin won eight [soviet league titles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_soviet_and_russian_football_champions), five [national cups](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_cup) and two [european cup winners' cups](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_cup_winners%27_cup). he also competed for the soviet union at the [1972](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_at_the_1972_summer_olympics) and [1976](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_at_the_1976_summer_olympics) [olympic games](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_at_the_summer_olympics) and [1982](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_fifa_world_cup) and [1986](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1986_fifa_world_cup) [fifa world cups](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifa_world_cup). during his playing career he won the [soviet footballer of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_footballer_of_the_year) award three times and the [ukrainian footballer of the year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_footballer_of_the_year) award nine times (both records). in 1975, he was named european footballer of the year, winning the [ballon d'or](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ballon_d%27or), becoming the second soviet and the first ukrainian player to achieve such a feat.

&gt;as a coach he has had two spells in charge of the [ukrainian national team](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine_national_football_team), managing the team at the [2006 fifa world cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_fifa_world_cup) and [uefa euro 2012](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_euro_2012). to date, blokhin is the only man to coach ukraine at a major finals.

&gt;

---

^interesting: [^oleh ^blokhin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oleh_blokhin) ^| [^oleh ^olehovych ^blokhin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oleh_olehovych_blokhin) ^| [^fc ^dynamo ^kyiv](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fc_dynamo_kyiv) ^| [^soviet ^footballer ^of ^the ^year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_footballer_of_the_year) ^| [^ionikos ^f.c.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ionikos_f.c.) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+cimhav1) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+cimhav1)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
as roma!!!  owned by an american dude at the moment (preseason is normally in usa now too) and we play some of the best attacking football in the world. underdogs too.
man filippo inzaghi! cmon!
müller's on the right path
thomas that is
i lol'd. hard.
i meant in the grander scheme of things gilesy doesnt get recognised for the player he was.of course the club he played his best football at would respect him! :)
he did in his day- he was well-respected at the time.
if a player receives treatment for an injury (physio comes on) then they must leave the pitch and can only return when the referee says. also, simulation is a yellow card offense. a change to the laws isn't needed, just stricter enforcing and maybe some retrospective punishment.
boooo. boo to you. liverpool are amazing. history, great football, legends
i always considered 5 as left back 3 and 4 as centre backs.
10 should be playmaker. or attacking midfielder. 
11 is the left winger and 7 is the right winger but i am from the netherlands and we usually play 4-3-3 formation.

in other words it really depends on the system and what country you are from.

here is some extra information 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/squad_number_%28association_football%29

i agree more with steve mcclaren

http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/football/28078703
it's only a matter of time until someone does a [beckham](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4tvnpwp8d4) or [rooney](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkrszhlwsco) and catches him off his line.
bergkamp
&gt; the spurs

you can also watch the europe league.

qualifiers start in september. all games listed [here](http://www.uefa.com/multimediafiles/download/competitions/draws/02/06/14/61/2061461_download.pdf).
shoking title too
what other teams do you support? that could help get an idea of the culture you tend to be attracted to. 

also, you can get easy and live access to epl through streaming of if you are willing to pay an arm and a leg for the tv packages. that could help you move away from tape delay. 

don't forget about mls though. it just got a [new tv deal](http://www.mlssoccer.com/news/article/2014/05/12/mls-us-soccer-sign-landmark-tv-media-rights-partnerships-espn-fox-univision-deportes) so i would put it on the top of the accessibility list, especially if you are willing to subscribe to [mls live](http://live.mlssoccer.com/mlsmdl/). 

**edit**: here's another idea. you want to just watch for the first season and catch whatever games happen to jump out at you. or the big rivalries. i would also suggest looking into the [fantasy epl game](http://fantasy.premierleague.com/). i found it a great way to get familiar with the players. 
here's an article from last season that might help, though i can't say how accurate it is because i don't watch a lot of nfl.

http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1837476-comparing-every-premier-league-team-to-an-nfl-team

also, i would suggest just watching for your first season and playing the fantasy game. fantasy will help you get to know the players and by just watching, you can catch whatever game)s) you want and then start to more naturally move to a team that appeals to you.

personally, when i started following 2 years ago, i wanted to find a team that was not super popular (so it did not feel like i was just picking the yankees or epl), but also not so bad that they would get relegated. i also wanted a team that had an american player. i ended up settling on tottenham and i've been happy with them. 
accrington stanley f.c.
if you want to watch football on a high level, champions league is the event of the year to watch. champions league is football at a much higher level than world cup.

apart from that many of the european countries have high level leagues especially the spanish and english league are very entertaining to watch.

i say pick for yourself. especially since nbc did an amazing job showing all the games. you should just take this season to watch the games and by decemeber/january you should be rooting for a team. also while you watch the games you should just do a quick search and get as much info as you can about them.  i think this is your better choice then just asking us. the team you pick should be a team that captures your heart so like that when they win the big games, you feel apart of that history.  
who are they?
please tell me scams like this don't still work?
i don't get the hype for him, he only did 1 good save which is the one against mirallas, the rest are pretty normal.
i love all those guys, especially dempsey because i'm from texas, but no american footballer is held in higher esteem than tim howard right now. 16 saves. it was incredible.
it's called a bandwagon, you should jump on.

but seriously he's an above average keeper who plays for an above average club. he just represents a below average national side which makes him look better
nbc shows tons of games, but usually they will feature one of these teams : man united, man city, chelsea, arsenal or liverpool.
so if you pick one of these teams you will have more opportunity to watch on tv.

half the fun of being a football supporter is having a local connection to your team. i could never understand some of the kids i went to school with in the south east supporting man u or liverpool. i was born in north london and proud of it.

as far as i'm aware, americans tend to be fiercely proud of their area of the country too - i think op should follow suit and get behind his closest mls team.
watch liverpool, they play exciting football most of the time, they have one of the most exciting players in the world and they built their team fairly cheaply compared to some of the other big bpl teams.
right, people are jumping on the "bandwagon" because he set a record for most saves in a world cup. are you dumb, or are you just one of those elitist pricks who thinks it's cool to hate on things that everyone else enjoys? 
oooooooooookay, here we go.

tim howard set a record for most saves in a world cup for two reasons;

his defence we're horrendous (not the worst i've seen in this world cup, that award goes to cameroon)

belgium played magnificently in every area except finishing. almost every shot on goal was straight at the keeper.
you could argue that you still need to make a save even if the ball is coming straight down your throat but it makes it a whole lot easier.

i am not elitist, i support a second tier football club with a history of being not very good.

while it's pointless do bring up now the usa was my second team once ghana were knocked out, a lot of my friends also had a soft spot for the us.

i suggest you have a little lay down and a nice cup of tea and try and remember that it's only a game (and i'm english)
no save is normal in the world cup, but he also set the record for most saves ever in a world cup match.
wow thanks for the links! i appreciate the help. i root for the mets in baseball (terrible but a certain charm to them). new york giants in football and new york knicks in basketball (another team with history but all in all they get more credit for being a prominent team, probably just because they are in nyc).

i also like to follow teams like the rays in baseball that are young teams that are smart in how they build a team for the present as well as the future. 

i'm not really too choosey as to how successful my teams are obviously haha, i tend to get tired of watching teams win all the time. it makes it worth less when they win.
thanks for the response, i had no idea that nbc played the games! yeah i think i will probably end up letting one of the teams win my heart but i feel like i might miss someone haha. when does the season start up again?
awesome man, i definitely wanted to get into the euro championship too, i appreciate it!
thank you for the response! i said above i had no idea nbc played any of the games. i will have to keep my eyes peeled.
as a watford fan (support watford fc) i've always had a soft spot for west ham. unconventional football, a good fan base, an english spine (that might not matter as much to you). maybe bare them in mind.
as a watford fan (support watford fc) i've always had a soft spot for west ham. unconventional football, a good fan base, an english spine (that might not matter as much to you). maybe bare them in mind.
thank you for the response! seems like the down votes are flying around this particular thread but i appreciate the help. i was talking to my buddy today and he mentioned i should root for everton for howard. i love that man! 

and i agree with you the names i hear the most here or the gear i see are usually for those team, so i wanted to find something off the beaten path. i'm interested in checking out swansea. from what everyone says i should just watch and see who captures my heart, i think i will look into getting a cable package for a season and just watch random games. 
just watch a lot of games, if you like the play-style, players, or coaching staff of a team, support them. i personally chose to support arsenal because of their style of play, and the fact that the team is self sustaining.
is league two as available and as talked about as pl? do you know of any podcasts that would be good to listen to?
also, i definitely wanna check out some mls, i think it's important to support them. probably will go for the red bulls, henry was one of my favorite fifa footballers haha. 

do you listen to any podcasts that would be helpful to get into the swing of things?
also, are there any podcasts you listen to?
are there any podcasts you recommend?
this is the season : http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/premier-league/fixtures

you wont miss anyone. maybe besides the plays from the leagues  la liga (spain) seria a (italy) ligue 1 (france)  bundasliga (germany). depending what channels you have like bein, gol tv, espen deportes, universion, telemundo and foxsoccer. you could possibly watch every single game from every league. 

epl games are usually in the morning depending on where you live in the us and the rest of the league are more in the afternoon.  so you could take a pick from all the major leagues. 


unconventional sounds fun! i will absolutely keep an eye on them. i started listening to the men in blazers podcast and they were talking about the heavy expectations on england to win and how they felt that it was a hinderance. they definitely gave me a soft spot for those gents. i always want england to do well now even more so. 
great info! i usually only see epl games advertised here (and rarely at that). i would love to watch some seria a, as my family has roots in italy and would definitely tune in to keep an eye on the guys in the other leagues. i appreciate the help.
what?!! normal things do happen in a football match. even if he did set the record doesn't mean they're great saves, most of the shots were directly guided at him.
how dare you? you can't say anything about usa and their performance./s
http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/1iq3df/anyone_have_any_solid_podcasts_to_listen_to/
brilliant man, thank you.
a world cup elimination match is not a "normal" match by any stretch of the imagination. the amount of pressure makes any save or shot or play much harder and important. all i am saying is that most people choke under the pressure and howard was nearly flawless for 120 minutes. 
can someone get in trouble for that? 
dude just stop, they're not kids who played for the first time, they're trained athletes and howard made the world cup 3 times, i think he knows a thing or two about 'pressure'. also, pressure or not, if you can't stop a ball heading directly at you then maybe you shouldn't be playing football professionally.
they can get their account banned but that's not a big deal. 
stop what? stop explaining how breaking a record in a sport that has been played for over a hundred years in a top level tournament that has been held for 80 years is not an everyday feat of normalcy? if you can't understand the achievement, that's fine but don't come here looking lessen it for everyone else just because you're not impressed. 
i like sunderland. the black cats 
well jimmy wales tweeted it and found it pretty funny.  
talk about the record all you want but don't act like he was comparable to the best, like i said he only had 1 good save the rest are just normal, but you said that nothing is normal in the world cup then you talked about the pressure and now this? i never said anything bad about his record all i said was the saves he did were normal.
i think they should.  its exhausting
you're an idiot 
i'd say check out spurs if you're from america, we're playing 3 friendlies there against some mls teams and you should definately go to watch them play. we also got people like brad friedel who's now an american ambassador and we used to have clint dempsey.

we're not one of the teams who just use their money to buy world class players for easy wins and although we're not quite underdogs we aren't the best team in the prem, our rivals are mainly arsenal but we pretty much are rivals with most teams in north london, like chelsea, west ham and fulham. 

our squad is very young with lots of promise and we've got tons of history, see bill nicholson. 

bottom line is, if you "enjoy misery" in a fun way, i can't think of a better team than spurs for you.
uh oh sounds like an early favorite haha. thanks man!
you're the idiot for praising his 'saves'.
actually the u.s. defense played pretty well, it was their offense and failure to keep the ball in the midfield that led to the defense having to clean up and howard having to save everything.
i agree that tim was the outstanding player but let us not forget the incredible effort put forth by all players.  most miles traveled, most difficult playing conditions, and hardest group to play against of any teams.   they battled and played as a unified front better than any other squad in the cup.  here's to you...usmnt.    

you made us all proud 
don't like this idea, unless it's my team that has a red card...
lloris plays a similar role for spurs. allows for the back line to play higher. but of course, as good as a keeper/sweeper can be, they have to choose the right moments to come out that far. the opposing side can expose the defense with only one play. so, i think it's great that keepers are evolving into this hybrid position but it won't drastically change the game imo. 
just trying to spare the new player from realizing he just picked the team luiz shark-week suarez plays for.

the only two things he knows for sure are that he is really starting to like our sport and that suarez fucker can go sit in time put with the other 3 year olds.

the only new fans liverpool are picking up this year are going to be dicks. just wanted him to know up front. 
extratime radio is really the only podcast i listen to often. i know there are others if you get some of the satellite radio stations though. 
pick a team on which play style fits you really. but if you like defense their is this really cool team called chelsea fc (incoming hate from everyone ever)
*there spelling op
chelsea. because i want to piss off everyone in the sub-reddit. defense op.
too many changes being made in the modern era of football. i hope it doesn't damage the charm of this beautiful game..
it would only be in et, and would actually make the game more interesting. a lot of injuries happen in et too, because of how exhausted they players are.
what's a 'normal' save though. sounds ridiculous to me.

goalkeeping is about positioning, awareness, communication, bravery, body shape, experience etc.
 
you may think that the saves were 'normal' and that stopping a ball coming straight at you is easy (i can show you plenty of examples of keepers messing that particular skill up, at low speeds too) but i'd contend that he's a world class keeper who showed a remarkably high level of skill to make as many saves as he did.

but still, no changes like this were made in the past world cup, why now?
because although players are usually
evidently exhausted during et, it has been emphasised even more in the heat/ humidity of brazil. i notice it every season in the champions league knockouts, and in all of the games that have gone to et so far this world cup. i think it is a change for the better!
matt le tissier was outrageous and had he been playing in a team of better players he would have shown it more. 
you say that as if no rules have ever been changed...
extra time at this world cup has been daft, sometimes players fall over and don't seem to have the energy to get up which is madness. if extra time is going to continue as it is then i am welcome to the addition of a 4th sub, not least because the tactical dynamic of the game changes in extra time (i hate to see it when a manager rolls the dice with all three subs in regulation time then a late goal takes it to extra time) but also to help deal with fatigue. however, i'd much rather a solution that didn't involve extra time. the game has developed to a point where playing at full pelt for 120 minutes simply isn't possible and i'd much rather see the match decided at 90 minutes somehow.
upvoting a pne fan.
i think fifa should allow a fourth sub at any time. 

the number has steadily grown from 1 at first introduction, to two, to three. a fourth substitution would hardly be that quixotic, given the levels of athleticism in football.
&gt;they also work with a lot less money than the top 4 or 5 clubs int he epl and compete with them regardless.

they've done very well considering the money they've spent with moyes for several years and now martinez, but it's a bit of a stretch to say they compete. since 2000 they've finished 4th once and never looked remotely close to challenging for the title. not to diminish the achievement this is, i just don't think you can call this competing with the top clubs.
i'm honestly really excited for the lad. nice to see british talent going abroad.

the scots have a lot of good talent coming through now.
i'm unsure about it. messi, neymar and suarez?

all three are players who like to be more independent and like to be on the ball. and like cruyff aptly pointed out, the best players want to play in the middle where they can have more influence.

will suarez succeed being second or third fiddle? 

is it really good for barca's balance to have messi, neymar and suarez? i don't think so.
i think neymar will be alright on the left wing, he plays there for club and country, the problem for me is suarez.

we all know suarez is best playing centrally, but as good as messi? probably not. so this means he has to to wide. now being on the left wing is also great for him, he can cut in as an inside forward, but neymar is already there. this means that he will have to go on the right wing, a position that would hinder his ability to cut inside, and suarez really isn't a traditional winger, he's an out and out goalscorer.

the only way i could see it working would either they change to a 4231 formation with suarez and messi playing off each other centrally, or the german method of constantly changing positions a la muller gotze and ozil.

my problem with these are that the balance isn't right, in these set ups you normally need a more support minded player, while suarez neymar and messi are all finishers.

imo it wouldn't work out unless they're planning increased rotation. otherwise they would be better bringing in new cb's and keeping a good assister like pedro at the club.
good player, but not worth that amount of money, hate having to pay “english tax” why do we bother, go abroad get cheaper better players. 
cant definitely confirm. games against liverpool are very exciting :-)
let's hope that not all of it will go abroad though, as it would be good to get some real competition in the scottish leagues, not just relying on cheap imports that are primed to be sold on to premier league or, usually, championship down south.
this is something i've wanted to see for a long time now. i'd also like to see free subs for injuries, at least if you've used your three already. and not just little flop injuries, like the "leaving the field on a stretcher" injuries.
i like the men in blazers podcast
we already saw ibrahimovic, alexis, villa and neymar playing really under their level because messi was playing in their position so they have to play in a different position, and without freedom. this will probably be another one. 

also barça needs defenders, not strikers
there's already a bit of a problem with neymar as he likes to move around a lot and doesn't stick to the win as much, but him and messi can manage it.

along with the issues you mentioned, defensive vulnerability is another concern, as none of the three are particularly good at defensive responsibilities, with suarez being the best out of them.


yep, outsiders (as in not from la masia) haven't done too well for barca .
&gt; like the "leaving the field on a stretcher" injuries.

like how suarez left the field on a stretcher (can't remember which group game) but was seen 5 minutes later jumping up and down to celebrate the win?
their tracking back is a concern, especially as there wing backs like to charge forward, especially dani alves on the right, although he might be leaving. still i insist they need a world class defender first, pique is very good but seemingly only when they have a good partner for him.

they could do with a better dm as well, busquets doesn't have me convinced, good passer but just lacks the positioning and tackling abilities. then again this all depends on whether they stick to tika taka football
pretty good explanation here: http://footballspeak.com/post/2012/04/05/the-number-game.aspx
ohh they definitely need a world-class cb. especially with the looming transfer ban.

i definitely disagree with your assessment of busquets as i think he's fantastic. 

i think barca have just been horrible with their transfer dealings in the recent past.
well, finally!
really? i must have missed it. 

either way, i'm bit saying that it would be easy to police it, but i hate seeing teams go to 10 men due to injury after the use of all 3 subs
fifa should consider real changes, like implementing the use of video reply to alter referee decisions. honestly, long overdue. should have been implemented before the goal line technology which seems to have a use case of 1 in 10 games (made up stats).
on the other hand, that tiredness is leading to goals, which has to be a good thing in extra time. penalty shoot-outs are exciting to watch for the fan, but i'd much rather matches be decided by goals scored.
so i have a few suggestions for you. 

* [everton](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/everton_f.c.): they are one of the founding members of the epl and have little fear of relegation. they started out finishing near the bottom, but are now a pretty solid middle to upper 3rd team. this is also the team that tim howard plays for, landon donovan used to play for, and tim cahill (there's a ny connection for you via red bulls) 

* [aston villa](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aston_villa_f.c.): while also one of the founding teams, they have not enjoyed as much recent success as everton. this would be the place to go if you really don't like to win. however, a warning, they could be relegated at some time (knocked out of the epl and down to the next division) so that might play into your decision. they also feature an american keeper and usmnt player, brad guzan. 

* [liverpool](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liverpool_f.c.): one of the first teams that i thought of, when it came to matching your team building preference, was liverpool. new ownership, coaching, and recruiting style has really paid off for them and they finished 2nd last season. this could be considered a bandwagon team after the recent success, but you'd be guaranteed many good games. however, being a ny fan, you might not go for a team owned by the red sox owner... oh yeah, and suarez **currently** plays for this team.

* [tottenham hotspur](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tottenham_hotspur_f.c.): so, i feel obligated to mention the spurs because that's the team i follow. they are fun to watch, have some high profile players, a great rivalry, and a pretty good track record or causing sxtream jumps in your emotional state.  


i hope that helps. let me know who you decide on :)

would almost certainly be abused.
i'm mostly worried about cristiano getting bitten.
i see this as part of the strategy of using your subs though. do you keep one back in case of injury or do you go for broke? similarly, i do not think there should be a 4th sub in extra time - the manager needs to devise a strategy that will benefit his team most and that includes the possibility of extra time. as it currently stands the manager would also have to think about whether to save a sub to bring on a penalty taker
bonus points if said fielder then holds a penalty. it's rare, but it happens.
paul mc grath

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpemc3vn-bq if you can take 10 minutes to spare watch this. arguably best night of my life...
like a normal goal? now don't tell me all goals are great. if you have this low standard for goal keepers then every one of them are greats, but in reality these skills are taken as a given, the least a keeper do is stopping a shot directly guided at him.
when you say overseas, do you mean any country that is not your own? so scottish shouldn’t support english teams? or are you referring to over seas? i mean living in main land europe you have loads to choose from without going “overseas” living in cyprus or malta your fucked. 

it’s a strange one for me as my “local team” (logistically closest to me) is in a different country to the one i live in... so should i support team that is closest to me by distance or a team from my own country?
jay-jay okocha 
well thank you. preston north end are my hometown team. the house i grew up in is about 2 miles from deepdale, pne's own ground. i have supported them since i was kid when nobby stiles was manger. 
similar story with me for blackpool, though i must be about 15 years younger than you!
agreed, too much meddling.

goal line tech is the only new thing i like, i mean what is uefa doing with those refs next to the goal, they never do anything anyway
a tangerine!! i did enjoy watching you get knocked out of the league cup last season! 
video replay would be abused;

you're one goal up, it's the 89th minute, the opposing team is breaking down the wing, your full back cynically takes out the player on the ball, instant red card, call for review (in this time you're winding down the clock, reorganising your defence and breaking the other teams momentum), review dismisses your appeals against the dismissal, a free kick is awarded, it is promptly wasted and your team runs it into the corner and the final whistle is blown.
i quite like the vanishing spray too
good.  i've thought this for a long time.  the potential for injury as players get more and more tired as they go into extra time is sufficient reason alone, and that's not even getting to the fact that the game is more entertaining with fresher legs on the pitch.
oooh, i do like that actually.

i can't believe that's been used in south american football for years and we haven't cottoned on in europe 
i agree that extra time has to be strategised for, but the strategy is still there.  the manager who holds a sub back gets to make two subs in extra time, and he still has to decide whether to prepare for penalties or try to win in extra time.  sub your tired striker for another with fresher legs?  or sub a poor penalty taker later on for someone who's better at it?
wow excellent info thank you man. from the responses i am getting, everton, tottenham or liverpool seems like they will be the ones fighting for my heart (with everton/spurs in the lead). maybe liverpool will gain some points once they transfer suarez the vampire. 

i'll leave a little american football humor here for you since you are a spurs fan, you may have already seen: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6keg_i8cwe8
they have been awesome on espn during their coverage, i subbed to their podcast, was thrilled to find out they do a lot of premiere league stuff once that season gets started.
i just want him out of the bpl. barca would be absolutely insane to buy him especially at £80m but i really hope they do. i will jump for joy if he joins them, he is a disgrace to the game and i don't want him in the bpl anymore. plus liverpool will be weakened significantly so that's another plus.
i thought it was obvious what with it being my flair! yeah i was there at deepdale last season, wasn't a great day for us, especially with everything after the match ended, but we're still one league above you for the fifth consecutive season now so i'll take it.
[**@lfc**](https://twitter.com/lfc):
&gt;[2014-07-03 14:00:22 utc](https://twitter.com/lfc/status/484698166173114368)

&gt;[#lfc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23lfc) have today completed the signing of bayer leverkusen midfielder emre can [#lfc](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23lfc)can [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/brn-axfigaawf9l.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/ntksll7.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/29r7pl%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

i love the idea, but then, i'm an american, and i'm used to sports where subs are liberally allowed. but in all seriousness, it seems to me that, objectively, anything that may help a match get decided by regular play rather than pks is a good idea.
removed this submission. firstly it's inaccurate- there is a latvian girl featured and latvia didn't qualify- secondly it's not really appropriate for this sub.

it might be better appreciated in /r/worldcupgirls or /r/worldcuphotties instead.
you were lucky to stay up last season. i think paul ince was a bad choice for manger and i don't think he is management material but people keep giving him chances. 

hopefully we will go hope this year with grayson in his second season. we are finally moving in the right direction after the disaster that was ferguson/brown/westley. 

 
diego simeone for me. just look at the job he's done with atletico madrid. actually that's only semi-serious; there's no way english fans would warm to an argentine manager- especially the guy who was involved in beckham being sent off in 1998.

it's time to get this "england need a british manager" bullshit out of the way once and for all though. the two non-british managers have been two of the most successful england managers of recent times, in terms of qualification for tournaments and percentage of matches won.
that's a good call. i think anyone who saw him play knew how good he could be, but that- outside southampton- he hasn't really gone down as a legendary player. he should definitely have had more international caps, although if he'd opted to play for northern ireland- which he was eligible to do- he'd probably have ended up with over 100.
support whichever one you like, but it's usually a good idea to support a geographically local one if you want to go to their stadium and watch them play regularly.
not sure suarez is going to be with liverpool much longer. looks like he might be on his way to barcelona.
exactly!
no doubt very lucky. he had to go for me because he'd lost it but that early season run of form ultimately kept us up. he should never have had a chance with us but the oystons always do everything on the cheap and paul had been lingering around the club for a couple of years by then due to tom being in the team so he got a chance.

if anyone can get a team out of league one it's grayson, as we well know. given your form in the play-offs i'd be hoping for automatic. nine play-off campaigns and zero successes now is it?
http://www.bestfootballvines.com
it could work though. if the referee was the only person who could send a decision upstairs to the video ref to be reviewed, during which time the clock would be stopped- as is the case in rugby- then in the scenario you describe the player would be sent off and play would continue as normal without any time-wasting.
by the way, the turkish letter "c" without the accent is pronounced as a "j", so it's emre jan, not can/chan.

source: speak the language of the turk
yes it is nine. i am hoping for top two this year. i have always hated the play offs and prefer the old system of three up and three down. 

ince has been a a failure at all his clubs. i did not even rate him at macclesfield or mk dons. i was really surprised when he got the job at blackburn and said then i would give him six months. sure enough he got the sack after six months. 

you should be happy to be rid of him and of course still in the championship. it will be interesting to see how you do this season.    
i'm not confident at all, if riga is a miracle worker we may just about survive, but i can see us rooted to the bottom of the table all season at this rate.
i was thinking you will not have a great season. i think you might just stay up again.
i think thats only a problem due to the heat. i mean come on, its hardly easy to play football when the grass is catching fire and satan has to leave every 10 minutes because his seat is in the sun. christ i could go as a tourist and not be able to stand up from the heat.
but play would be delayed, even more so than with a normal decision and that in itself is unacceptable.

the only time i think it could be used is for penalty decisions but the human element is what makes it so compelling 
penalty decisions is specifically where i'd like to see video replays introduced. you're perfectly correct about the human element making things compelling, but i'd rather see the right decision being made every time and ~~simulation~~ cheating punished with a card more often. i reckon even ~~arjen robben~~ serial offenders would think twice about throwing themselves to the floor if the likely outcome was a yellow card.
if video replays were used to decide penalties, i'd like to see the punishment for diving increased to a red card. it would help stamp the problem out and would be very interesting.
i agree with diving being punished but even blatant dives that aren't awarded don't draw a card. 

instant reds or snipers are the only way
i'd stick with a yellow, but then i think yellow cards should include a harsher punishment than they do at the moment anyway; so when one is shown the player should have to go and sit in a "sin-bin" for, say, ten minutes while their team is reduced by a man. 

at the moment they don't seem to be too much of a deterrent- particularly during the regular league season- and in some cases during cup competitions players with one yellow already to their name will deliberately get another towards the end of a match, so they can serve their suspension out against an opponent who they perceive as being weak, then come back for the later stages.
i'm not sure about the sin-bin idea, but i do like the notion of adding some additional punishment to yellow cards to stop the behavior you mentioned. 
happy cakeday!!
yes. it basically outlined a load of instinctive reactions
said the same thing last year about roma or madrid or something. i'll believe it when i see it. 
every country in europe has a domestic league, just like mls and then we got champions league for all the best teams in europe.

the for big leagues in europe are premier league (england), la liga (spain), bundesliga (geremany) and serie a  (italy)

spanish teams play in "la liga" and barcelona and real madrid got fairly few "supporters" from their cities. the big team in barcelona is espanyol and in madrid athletico de madrid. 

since europe is not one country we don't play international matches between clubs except in champions league and europa league. 

support your local team! go to their games and enjoy football live!
lol @ messi question.  lol @ it hard.
why do people support one club over another? here's a link to a sweet article which studies why &lt; http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/274bc4ba-ec46-11e3-ab1b-00144feabdc0.html#axzz34cvyschp &gt;. conclusively, the most common reasoning for peoples supporting clubs (or any sports team) is that it is a major social facet. most fans support a certain club because it was tradition passed down unto them from their parents, who received it from their parents, who received it from their parents, who....that's probably going a bit too far back. another dynamic is that people of a certain neighborhood or borough will support specific clubs, in the same fashion that people of a nation support their athletes in the world cup or olympics. all this seems glaringly obvious of course but the point here is that whatever club you do choose, your intent should be to choose a club which gives you a sense of community; a club with a very good set of fans, maybe even with a supporters group in your local area. only through this will your experience as a supporter be reinforced.

times are bound to get rough; players will turn their backs on the clubs, ceo's will lose their minds and build human sized michael jackson statues outside of stadiums, injuries will mount, clubs will go into stupid amounts of debt. it is your fellow supporters which will share your pain. if you blindly choose a club based on specified qualifications the experience will not be as resounding; you'll be let down and you'll begin to lose interest.
well i wish i had a local team, closest is the galaxies but that's a few hours away + lifetime of traffic.

i suspected that about the national leagues, but always confused me that the third largest team in spain, is 10 times less valuable than either of the top 2.  like how do they win? i understand money isn't everything, but real could buy atletico twice with just their revenue. in the nba, the biggest team is just 4 times bigger than the smallest and even then people are complaining about financial disparity.

so is their own country league the most important championship for each team? is that their nba finals, while everything else is just fluff like the all-star game?

thank you for your response, it's helping me a lot to figure this out.
different teams have different aims, using england as an example, a team like chelsea will be expected to challenge for the title so the league will be a priority. 

'mid-table' teams however, swansea, hull etc have realistically zero chance of winning the league, its really just a case of avoiding relegation. for these teams, cup competitions offer a much better chance of putting a trophy in the cabinet. it is not uncommon for these teams to reach the quarter/semi finals of a cup and then stop focusing on the league, assuming they are not in danger of relegation, to prioritise the cup.

so yeah, different teams will have different objectives in a given season.

edit: on the extreme difference in the value of clubs, like you pointed to with the madrid teams, there are benefits to everyone from having very good squads in your league. 

the champions league is the best clubs from each league, some countries may send 4 teams, some just 1. the amount of slots a country receives is decided by their coefficient. calculating a coefficient is complicated but basically its a measure of how well your teams have done over the past five seasons in european competitions. so having these teams like barca and real in la liga is good for everyone in the league because their strong performances in europe help keep spain's coefficient up meaning that other teams can also get a taste of european football (and the substantial revenue that generates).

it's worth adding here that atheltico won la liga last year which shows that money isn't everything.
mls is making massive improvements right now and expanding. it would be worth it to get into the league right now as well since the rest of the football world is in its off-season.
the important thing to remember here is football in europe is not a franchise, so the owners have relative financial freedom, constrained by some pretty tame financial fair play rules.

we don't have all-star games. they're considered pretty flashy and unnecessary in europe (no offense meant).

each country has a different league system, and each team will "aim" to win this league. there are generally two or three leagues (tiered) in each country, with four in england, and operate on a system of relegation and promotion. so, take england for example: there are four main leagues, the premiership (top league, with chelsea, manchester united, liverpool etc.), the championship (second league), league 1 (third league - yes, it's confusing) and league 2. 

league 2 sends 4 top teams up to league 1; league 1 sends 4 bottom teams to league 2 and 3 top to championship; championship sends 3 teams to league 1 and 3 to premiership; premiership sends 3 to championship.

in each countries are one or two cup competitions (that are completely separate from the leagues) that teams from all leagues take part it - a chance for smaller teams to win decent silverware. 

european competitions are also completely separate from these leagues and offer a chance to see the best teams from each country play each other; this is where fixtures like barcelona vs manchester united and bayern munich vs liverpool come from.
so let me see if i'm getting this right.

the champions league is a bigger fish to catch, but teams realize that they are less likely to win so they focus on their respective league cup? why don't they get crushed by the league competitive teams? how does one focus on the cup vs league.  like in the nba example, no one chooses to focus on the finals vs the all-stars, they play the league normally, then separately decide to try and win the all-stars.  does the league and the cup have conflicting schedules, so that some teams go off and play that while others stay back to fight for the league cup?  

thank you for your patients.
does anyone else find it odd that all these player-friendly initiatives are being brought in prior to the 2022 world cup? just to remind you it'll be played in 50 degree heat in stadia built by quasi-slave labour with a death toll of about 4,000.

thankfully the next world cup will be held in that bastion of righteousness russia. who wants to take odds on the russians making it to the final?
isn't the world cup basically an all-star game for each country?

ok, so the english tier system makes sense, sort of like d-league etc. in the us but more prominent because of relegation.

so the cup competitions are separate from the league, so do some teams choose not to play those cups in order to focus on winning the league? 

i did some research and so winning the league is based on points, not a tournament structure.  however there is a separate "club cup" that is tournament style.

i have a relatively simple question, let's assume 2 people, a) manchester united fan and b) spurs fan.  in a given year what are their reasonable goal?  what is most important to them. let's say they have a choice between being league champions, or fa cup, or league cup, or whatever the european ones are called?  what do they reasonably expect to win or be serious contenders for?
ok this is what happens, over the course of 9 months, the season begins. all games no matter what competition are played in these 9 months.

champions league games are played during the week, tuesdays and wednesdays
league games are typically weekends and mondays (every now and then mid-week)

the fixtures can clash for example chelsea have a league game on saturday then a champions league game on tuesday, depending on what they want to win the most basically decides what team they put out, if you want to win the champions league you might rest your players on saturday but if you want to win the domestic league you will rest them on tuesday.

domestic cup competitions take place during the season as well and they occur all throughout the week, their fixtures fully depend on the teams current schedule, they usually cause a week off of the domestic league or are mid-week when champions league games aren't being played.

the only times when club football isn't played in this 9 month period is during international breaks where the best players from every country come together for 2 weeks to train and play against of countries. once international break is over the season resumes as usual.

try and completely forget how americans run their sports because it is completely irrelevant to how the rest of the world does, however if you want to support an mls team then note the mls is run the same way as other american sports.
they don't have playoffs.  the team with the most wins, wins the league.  that's why the middle tier teams don't have a chance.  they aren't consistent enough to win a lot of games so they can't win the league.  unlike american sports where the focus is the playoffs.

now i'm not 100% in how it all works but then the champions league is essentially like the playoffs.  there is a bunch of stuff i'm not 100% on considering qualification, etc.  

but that is the general gist.  think of it like college football. the league are more like conferences like college football for instance.  la liga, epl etc are like the sec, big 10, big 12, etc.  no 100% comparison but close enough.

but then there is regelation. the the bottom teams of the epl, la liga, etc fight to not get regelated.  so as our college football example goes.  it would be like indiana, purdue, illinois, and northwestern fighting to not finish in the bottom 2 or whatever  of the big ten because the bottom 2 teams get sent to the mac conference for the next years conference season.  then the top 2 mac teams get promoted to the big ten.  so that is where the drama for the middle tier teams come into play. so like college football, osu, michigan, nebraska, psu, etc don't really have to worry about being regelated but the lower teams there do.

again i'm not 100 % sure but i think there are 3-4 different levels of regelation.  so the bottom 2 mac teams in it it example would drop to like a d1aa conference  then further.  so that the example.  but just like in college football the soccer clubs have different amounts of resources.  facilties, money, fans, stadiums, etc.  so while purdue and minnesota have trouble with keeping with the big boys of the big ten, they have a huge advantage over the toledo or buffalos of hue he mac thus i'd assume it is hard to fall very fall in regelation.
this is very cool.  how about the whole eleven
in order to answer your question i'll have to go into more detail - i'll make things complicated at first, but then it'll become easier to understand.

so to qualify for the european competition, the champions league, you need to finish at the very top of the league, the top few positions. it varies from country to country, but the top 2, 3 or 4 teams from each major european league will qualify for the champions league.

getting into the champions league is something every club wants - you get more revenue and you play at the highest level, so the best players will want to join your club - therefore, both spurs and united will want to finish *at least* fourth and therefore be in the champions league next season.

aside from that, realistically, manchester united will want to outright win the league, whereas spurs will be more likely to focus on winning a cup than going for the league title.

oh, and to answer your question on cups - it is very very rare for a club to not participate in a cup, but it has been known to happen, usually because the team doesn't have a large enough squad.
the teams that go into the champions league are the most competitive in their own league, so they wouldn't get beat easily anyway (in theory) by the others. those teams have the money to spend on better players so they can rotate a few, as not to have any tiredness effect their play etc.

cup games and league games will never be played at the same time. champions league games for example are played tuesday/wednesday. while league games are for the most part on saturday/sunday. 


unfortunately not too many high quality images of all the players that would work for this concept.
yes, the competitions all run simultaneously so there are times where a team will have to play matches every 3 days, very few players are able to play this regularly without injury so you can't play your best players all the time. 'prioritising' one competition over another is a case of deciding when you will rest your strongest players. 

this means it can be beneficial to a team to exit a 'lesser' cup early and then have less matches to play over the rest of the season. a team which gets far in all competitions could play 60+ matches in a season compared to a team which exits all cups early only playing 40 matches.

this is an advantage liverpool had over the other top teams in the epl last season (no european football). it will be interesting to see how they cope with at least 6 extra european matches next year.


you say that, but last season when arsenal looked like they could have him i bet you were ejaculating with excitement... he's a shitty human being, but you cant deny he is one of the best in the world at football
i honestly think this means messi moved to right wing, messi can and has played there just like neymar can and has played left wing, but suarez is an out and out striker and wont be put to good use if he is forced to one of the wings, he will score more goals as a st and messi will score goals wherever you put him.

neymar            suarez             messi

yeah i'm shitting myself just thinking about it
clubs like manchester utd will set out to try and win it all. premiership and champions league being at the front, then fa cup then league cup (this is a different thing, it's slightly confusing i can imagine).

spurs would try for the premiership, but it's unlikely, so they would probably focus on the fa cup and league cup more. small chance they would win the champions league, aiming to qualify for it would be a main goal for them too (top 4 finish in the premiership).
&gt; therefore, both spurs and united will want to finish at least fourth and therefore be in the champions league next season.

ok that helped a lot, the champions league isn't some tourney at the end.  getting in is more like winning a pass into competing in it next year. 
ok, and since these cups overlap to an extent, it allows for the weaker teams to focus on being better in one competition.

i like this system, seems more dynamic
thank you, i think i'm finally getting it.
so there is no direct overlap, but their is enough closeness that teams can choose to focus on one thing or the other.
&gt; think of it like college football

lel, i don't follow college because it's too confusing

but this seems a lot simliar to esports, where there are a lot of competing leagues, and teams choose to play in certain leagues/get invited based on qualifications.
zidane - seriously this fucker could do everything to a top class level from defence to attack, how is he not regarded as one of the greatest footballers ever?

viera - one of the best cm's to be in the premier league

michael owen - everyone rips on him because of the injuries and how he fucked up his career by leaving liverpool, but he won the balon d'or at liverpool and if he stayed could have easily been one of the best strikers in the world
&gt; try and completely forget how americans run their sports because it is completely irrelevant to how the rest of the world does, however if you want to support an mls team then note the mls is run the same way as other american sports.

will do, luckily at lease mls is simple enough for a stupid american.

thank you for your description, that probably helped me visual the structure most of all.
not so sure about riga. he barely avoided relegation at charlton and i see a very difficult season ahead for blackpool.  
you're welcome
let's start from the beginning.

domestic level:
every country has its own domestic league. the biggest leagues in europe are the english "premier league", the spanish "la liga", the italian "seria a", the german "bundesliga" and the french "ligue 1".

only clubs from their respective country are playing in their leagues.
for example: spanish clubs (barcelona, madrid etc) are playing in la liga, german clubs in the bundesliga, english clubs in the premier league and so on. to become national champion, a club has to play against every team from their league twice, at home and away. winner gets 3 points, a draw 1, a loss 0. the team with most points is automatically national champion. so theres no extra superbowl match and no knockout bracket or something.

in addition to the national championships there are also domestic cup competitions. examples: dfb-pokal in germany, fa cup in england, copa del rey in spain. these cups start already with a knockout bracket and end with a regular finale. thats it. winner of that finale is cup winner. if a club manages it to win both (national championship and national cup) then its called a double. example: fc bayern münchen this season.

international level:
the best teams of every national league in europe are then also playing on an international level: the uefa champions league. this is the most prestigious club competition in europe. to qualify for this competition you have to finish your season at a top position in your national league. its structure is similar to the structure of the world cup with a group stage and a knockout bracket (2 matches/away and home). the matches of the champions league are played over the whole season. but only teams from europe are playing at the uefa champions league. there are similar competitions at every continent (e.g. copa libertadores in south america). the winners of these competitions are playing at the club world cup to determine which club is the best in the world (small competition with only 6 teams). so american clubs and european clubs are usually not playing against each other.

in addition to the champions league there is also the europa league for "average" teams in europe with a similar structure. a club may only play in one of these two competitions, so if a club is already qualfied for the champions league they won't play at the europa league.

i'll give you an example:
in the german bundesliga the first four teams are qualified for the champions league. the fifth, sixth and the cup winner are qualified for the europa league.

considering the national teams:
usa won't play at the uefa euro. every continent has its own competition (north america: concacaf gold cup).
there are hundreds of different leagues which definitely does make thigns more confusing than in the usa. each team plays in their local national league like mls (there are exceptions like the welsh swansea playing in england, and toronto and vancouver playing in mls but ignore that for now). they play a regular season just like every other american league. the vast majority of barca and madrids games are in la liga, the top spanish league. they don't play each other all season. its like the yankees and the red sox, they're at the top for a reason but they still play everybody else all year long. real and barca are just a bit more dominant historically than anything in american sports. the championship is decided based on that. there are no playoffs, just a standings table. three points for a win, one point for a tie. who ever has the most points at the end of the season is the league champion. this follows for all the major european leagues.

mls does have a playoff, but the regular season champion still wins the supporters shield. its a good thing and a big deal (it's the only thing the red bulls have ever won for example) but most of the focus in american soccer still goes back to the playoff system you're used to.

the rest of the world does make up for not having playoffs in a few other ways though.

they have promotion and relegation. so when you see people talking about the championship in england, 2. bundesliga or la segunda they're talking about something very similar to aaa baseball. although it goes even lower than that. there are something like fourteen levels in the english pyramid. it goes waaaay down. at the end of the season, the best teams from the second division move up to the first division while the worst teams from the first division move down to the second. so, while it may take fourteen years, every team has an opportunity to get to the top level if they can do it on the field. they also have the opportunity to drop all the way down. so no detroit lions here.

they also have what is called a cup competition. for example the fa cup in england, or the open cup in the usa. every team from all of the different levels enters. for example the la galaxy recently played the charlotte railhawks in the open cup. they lost to them for the third time in recent memory. most of this was because the lower division railhawks saw this as the most important game while the galaxy thought they should be able to get through the game with their bench. which they should. but clearly can't. also because bruce arena's an ass, but that's a different post. anyway these tournaments are a huge huge deal for lower division or lower performing teams, but the big boys do come to play in the later rounds. an mls team almost always win the open cup. the sounders have really forced the league to acknowledge it as a serious competition. 

so we've got the league and the cup. mls and open cup, epl and fa cup, la liga and copa del rey. the best teams from each country get to play in the continental championship, which is the uefa champions league, concacaf champions league or copa libertadores in south america. each country gets a certain number of spots based on their historical successes. so england gets allocated more spots in ucl than norway because they have historically been a far better league. this is the only time you see teams from different countries playing against each other in any meaningful games. anything else is a glorified scrimmage at best. if you see the galaxy playing pachuca, this is it. if you see barcelona playing spurs, this is it. so no mls teams don't play european teams, unless its a friendly, which is just an "official" scrimmage.

 each country gets to pick how teams qualify for the champions leauge. in the usa the mls playoff champion, the supporters shield winner, the open cup winner, and the best team from the conference that didn't win the supporters shield (basically the best team from the afc and the best team from the nfc). these four teams are entered to play against mexico, honduras, jamaica and all of the rest of concacafs best club teams. canada has their own competition. the usa would never play in the uefa champions league. thats like university of texas playing in the big ten championship. yes they both compete against each other, but at a higher level than that.

the winner of these champions leagues gets to compete in what is called the club world cup. there are exactly seven teams that manage to make it all the way here. they are selected, by winning a cup or doing very well in their league, to represent their country in a continental competition. they win that and move on to club world cup. also the host country gets to send one team automatically. so a team from morroco will be playing in this tournament. although this tournament is a great honor and seems like the highest level, because it is diluted by teams from africa, asia, oceania and concacaf, it really isn't the best representation of the top teams. ucl or copa libertadores are more widely respected.

that is all of the club competition. the international competition is totally different. imagine it like the olympics, but if every country in the world were more interested and wanted to follow and develop their olympic team year round every year. it still bubbles up during world cup every four years, but its always going on. the  best players, who can play for any club in any nation, who have citizenship and meet a few other standards can play for their home country. so tim howard plays in england for everton, but also for the us national team. just like ricky rubio plays for the timberwolves and spain. 

again each continent has their own continental competitions. the euro championship, the gold cup, the african cup of nations. these are usually ends in themselves. you can theoretically win the gold cup and still not qualify for world cup, same with the euros. again continental federations are allowed to decide who qualifies as they see fit. world cup qualifying in europe is very different from in concacaf, africa and asia.

the best teams, as decided in these qualifying competitions go to world cup and compete against the best representatives of the best nations from all other continents. thats why world cup is awesome. it is the absolute pinnacle of all of these competitions.

and on to your less "structural" questions. 

the usa doesn't send teams to the uefa champions league, they have their own.

russia does send a team to the euros and also sends representatives to the uefa champions league.

spain has so many good players for plenty of reasons, trends tend to swing back and forth and this is simply a very good generation for the spanish, just as it is a very good generation for the belgians. they're kicking a bit above where they normally do purely because of luck. also spain has a very very good system and always has been one of the better teams in the world. one of the reasons for that is la masia, barcelona's youth system. they bring in players at a very young age and train them on their system which is not-so-coincidentally very similar to the system used by the spanish national team.

why is real bigger than barca? because they spend more money. barca has la masia and churns out great players consistently. real madrid is more like the yankees, they don't necessarily train youth players at the same level as barcelona but they do rely on buying great proven players like ronaldo, modric, bale, benzema, or beckham, figo and zidane. that's simply the way they do things and why their star shines a little brighter on occasion. i wouldn't say they're bigger though. barca has just recently gotten in on this game, buying players like neymar rather than bringing them up.

messi is not autistic. you're gonna have to explain that question to me. 

south americans don't get angry when players leave because that's simply how it works. there are different tiers of leagues. its the same reason that college fans don't get mad at jabari parker or andrew wiggins for jumping to the nba. they know that the money is better and they have a better chance to prove their skills on that level. some teams, such as ajax in amsterdam and actually many teams in scandinavia rely on this as a source of income. they sell their best players every year because they can bring more youth players up and it is simply their best source of income to keep the operation afloat. but at the same time, neymar did stay at santos for quite a while longer than was expected. he became quite a hometown favorite for even considering the idea of staying. everyone wants to see their players stay, but they also understand jumping to another league for a better opportunity. its also a lighter blow than jumping to a interleague rival. neymar moving to real madrid would not be so well received.

as far as finding a favorite team? watch whatever you can find? i love watching james rodriguez play and will do whatever i can to find a few monaco games because of it. not saying i'll become a monaco fan, but i'll watch. i support my local philadelphia union, because they're my local club and its the only thing that really makes sense. i can go to the games. so i support them. try watching the la galaxy games, or chivas usa, since they play in the same stadium. or try the san jose earthquakes if you're a little farther north, or real salt lake or colorado rapids if they're close to you. get out to a game if you can, if its an nasl, or usl game even. that's where you really become a fan anyway.

also go ahead and support russia if you like, but don't you dare support them over your own country. that's how you end up with the curse of giusseppi rossi on you. 

if you tell me where you're from, in a private pm if you prefer, i will help find you your local team. there's definitely somebody out there that you can go see live.
quick note, it's relegation (as in to banish or exile) not regelation (not a real word) 
thank you for the link and i appreciate the sentiment. i agree with you that a blind choice is silly and will most likely lead to disinterest. however instead of going into the season completely blind i am trying to gather information to give me some context. 

the biggest hurdle i face is learning the transfer system and some of the other things you mentioned. i'm sure once i dive in i will find comparisons to our leagues here but the concept of teams going bankrupt or in debt is foreign to me. i look forward to learning though. 
thank you! 
actually it is, it is the when the freezing point of water is lowered by the application of pressure. so kinnnnnd of the same thing.  but i got ya.
that's actually pretty interesting. you learn something new every day, i suppose :) 
that's why they have proposed moving 2022 to the usa. it is pretty much official at this point.
shit! didn't even notice. thanx!

eight years! have i really wasted that much time on reddit?

should i find a pic of a cute cat to post to /r/aww?
i'm from san diego, so galaxy is the closest to me right? i want to support a russian team because that's my national heritage and language, however it is usa all the way in the cup. (and since they don't overlap anywhere else then i guess it's fine to support their clubs.)

thank you so much for answering these questions, i feel like a have a much better grasp on the structure now.  enough to try to get into it watching and know what's going on.
i did not know about concacaf, that's good to know, thanks
/r/fifa
&gt;  isn't there basically 2 teams in spain (with the third only getting like **5% supports vs 30** for real and **barc**)?

&gt; does the us get to play in the euro cup?

&gt; i want to be a fashionable american.

&gt; is messi autistic?

are *you*?

but seriously, if this was a troll question, nice job. if not, well, many users have answered your questions. here are some tips:

* acceptable names for barcelona fc are *barcelona* or *barça* (pronounced *bar-za*)

that's about it. oh, and if you play football manager and have an iq above 80, you should be able to figure out the rules of all the leagues and cups. you click on the league, then select "rules". you can check out transfer windows, eligibility rules, qualification rules, rules for promotion and relegation, etc.


every country has their own leagues.

the champions league is for the teams that qualify by finishing top/second or third in their leagues. if it's a big league they go directly in to the group stage, but the smaller countries may have to qualify against eachother.

the europa league is usually for the 4-7 in the leauges and for the teams that end up in third place in the champions league group stage.

the domestic cups are usually for the smaller teams to gain some revenue and a chance to bring home a trophy, being that the bigger clubs don't usually put that much energy into winning them.



cool. the galaxy and chivas usa are your closest mls options. they play in the same building, chivas usa has a bit more mexican flavor due to their former owner jose vergara who was also the owner of mexican club chivas de guadalajara. he was a bit of a controversial figure because cd guadalajara chooses to exclusively field mexican players. this obviously doesn't fly in an american league. 

the good news is vergara was bought out by mls. so mls owns the team which will be rebranded and possibly even moved out of la by 2015.

oh other good news is that don garber, the commisioner of mls, has included [san diego as a definite possibility for expansion.](http://www.mlssoccer.com/news/article/2014/02/20/mls-commissioner-don-garber-gives-update-leagues-expansion-plans) don't be surprised if the second team in la becomes the first in san diego. they may even pick up the old nasl san diego sockers name to grab a bit of history.

the best thing you can do to get that to happen is to support your current local club though. they would be the san diego flash. they play in the "fourth division" npsl. unfortunately fourth division in the usa is a little different than everywhere else. see we don't have promotion and relegation. you can move up from division to division, but its not as simple as winning games. orlando city, seattle, portland, and vancouver all had some of the best supported most succesful teams in the second and third division. this, not simply their success on the field is what made mls decide to bring them in. so go support the flash. they may not be very good, and they may not have many fans, but they're your team and they need you. they get to play in the open cup and you might even see them take down an mls team some day.
there are 20 teams in the spanish leagues top division. 20 teams that include barcelona and real madrid. all the teams in the league technically compete to win the competition, but realistically teams outside barca, real madrid and the third best team in spain at the time, compete among themselves to earn better positions in the league. the better the position, the higher the revenue. the last three clubs get relegated to a lower division. teams like real madrid and barca gained so much support largely because of their history in football competitions and how they marketed themselves over the past century.
i wouldn't say spain or belgium being top sides nowadays is purely down to luck. that's underestimating the time and effort it took the spanish to reach this generation don't you think? 
sure i didn't mean to imply it was entirely luck. as a matter of fact if you look at it, belgium is doing very similar things to what spain does with la masia. they've been investing really really heavily in youth and  [http://grantland.com/features/world-cup-2014-belgian-national-team-vincent-kompany-eden-hazard-marouane-fellaini/](its starting to pay off). at the same time, i would argue that spains success definitely has to do with the ebb and flow of time, no matter how much money and training you put in some generations will end up better than others. spains had a great system for a long time, but this is the best generation of players they've had in a long time and there's not exactly a superstrong round of youth coming in behind me. don't get me wrong spain's still got a world class program, but its very likely that this generation just ebbed up a little bit higher than most that have gone through a comparable youth system.
yeah purdue :d
you could've googled almost all of this. you should support your local team, even though in the mls there's no promotion or relegation which basically stifles any club that wants to expand. also, football has nothing to do with being fashionable, otherwise no-one would support millwall.
people are sports fans of teams they do not live near. it's possible.
hahahahaha bale 
&gt; only clubs from their respective country are playing in their leagues. 

swansea and cardiff, both premier league teams last season, are welsh. 
yes of course. the situation in great britain is little bit more complicated with the scots the welsh and the english. but this is an introduction for someone with absolutely no idea about the structures in football. so let's talk about the norm and not the exception. its complicated enough for a beginner. ;)
(another exception: clubs from liechtenstein are playing in the swiss league, though they have their own cup.)
fucks sake. predictable. you watch, they'll reduce his ban next.
well yeah, can't have barca punished when they buy him can we
you are right, and if it wasn't for the biting he would probably be my favourite player outside arsenal.
true, and this is before the mass confusion of irish/northern irish leagues

are you people seriously disappointed that someone was allowed to participate in training? he bit someone, he didn't stab him to death. relax.
he was banned from all footballing activity, specifically including training. they're now backtracking from it, why shouldn't we be disappointed that fifa are letting his punishment slip?
it's fifa.
like every other ban in football 
i think it's probably more about fifa than suarez. they do what they want arbitrarily.
and it was disproportionate to start with. pipe down. 
if it was the first time, fine. but he's done it a few times and isn't going to stop if they keep letting him get away with it.
your submission has been removed. most or all of your submissions are to the same source, please vary your submissions with news stories from other sources.

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
pipe down? maybe you should be more concerned with the fact that your club has completely sold its soul to try and play catch-up with those fascists in madrid.
what soul? what are you on about?
to elaborate on the national competitions:

in europe, the leagues are tiered and the best teams of lower tier leagues get promoted to the next higher tier at the end of the season and the last teams are relegated.

the cup competitions are not tiered (although there are league cups) and depending on how many knockout stages are played, teams from top to bottom are qualified. switzerland plays 6 rounds, so 64 teams are qualified.

there are literally thousands of clubs. some are bigger like the ones you know from tv and there are the small clubs from your 2'000 residents hometown playing in the 7th tier regional league. naturally a club with high tv coverage has more fans than your local club.

regarding the strength and abundance of good players: football has different levels of tradition in different countries. also they have to compete with other sports about the young players.
let's take finnland: ice hockey is the main sport there and has a fairly long tradition. young kids are more likely to get into ice hockey than football than in other countries. according, finnland has a very strong ice hockey team and domestic league, but they are lacking when it comes to football.

do you (op) get the difference between football clubs and national teams?

- clubs are owned privately and play in the domestic leagues/cups. they are not bound to any nationality of players and can hire and fire players as they like (as long as they obey the contracts and the rules of the national and continental associations).

- national teams are a selection of the best players of a given nationality. they are formed by the national football association and a designated coach/staff. they do not take part in any leagues or domestic cups. they only play for the world cup, the championship of their respective continental association, the qualifiers leading up to them and friendlies against other national teams.

there are national team championships for every continental football association. every national association belongs to one and only one continental association.
russia is a member of uefa and therefore plays the uefa euro championships and in the european qualifiers for the world cup.
you used to be the club of choice for a lot of neutrals in el clasico for playing fair, developing your own talent, not having a sponsor, "mes que un club" and all that bollocks. now, you have corrupt club presidents, highly dubious transfer dealings for brazilian superstars, huge sponsorship deals, and are now seemingly willing to forgive a racist with a pretty appalling penchant for gnawing on players like a rabid dog, just because he's good. you're just as plastic as all the real madrid fans.
for what he did, even without the training ban, the punishment is absolutely more than reasonable. 
oh god, i don't know where to start with this. i became a fan when i was 5 or 6, in 1986, and we were corrupt back then, and have been ever since, like every other football club in spain. just because laporta was good at marketing and made some people believe that mes que un club meant something it has never meant doesn't mean that's what the club has ever been about. we've had dubious signings before neymar (even during the laporta years), we've had sponsorship on our kits (even before the qatar bullshit), we've signed thugs in the past (stoichkov being a prime example), and we've disregarded our youth talent for long periods (which i don't believe is happening now, we still have more youth players in the squad than most teams out there). so don't give me this patronising bullshit about our club losing it's values. football clubs don't have values whatever the marketing people make you believe. 
so you don't even have values that extend as far as not wanting a revolting turd like suarez wearing your shirt and representing the club? you'd be hard pushed to find a fan of any club in the premier league who'd be pleased to have suarez on their team, no matter how good he is, having seen his antics over the last few years. the guy is absolute poison.
&gt;seemingly willing to forgive a racist with a pretty appalling penchant for gnawing on players like a rabid dog

haha, relax dude. 

plus, barcelona also signed kluivert who is a convicted murderer. so...
ask all liverpool supporters how they feel about the bitey luis suarez. 

ask chelsea supporters how they feel about the racist john terry.

ask atleti fans how they feel about the cheating diego costa.

ask real madrid supporters how they feel about the maniac pepe. 

the answer is always the same: he's a cunt, but he's our cunt. 

i don't want barca to be universally liked, i don't really give a shit about what other people think about barca to be honest. 
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i understand the tribalism of it, but i feel sure if there was a spurs player who was like this, i certainly wouldn't want to cheer him on.

will you still be as supportive of him when he gets punished for his fourth biting of the opposition and receives a hefty ban that scuppers your chances in la liga / the champions league?
&gt;  i certainly wouldn't want to cheer him on.

but would you celebrate when he scored against arsenal? of course you would. 

&gt; will you still be as supportive of him when he gets punished for his fourth biting of the opposition and receives a hefty ban that scuppers your chances in la liga / the champions league?

i'd be angry as hell with him, of course, and he'd have some making up to do, but until that happens, and as long as he is a barcelona player, i'll be cheering him on all the way. 

the way i see it, yes, he has had disciplinary issues in the past, and it's a risk to take him on, but for someone who can create 30 goals out of nowhere in a season it's a risk worth taking. we faced the same dilemma when we signed stoichkov who had a pretty poor disciplinary record, and went on to stamp on a referee's foot in his first season with us (and was banned for a few months as a result) but in the end cruyff managed to tame him and he became one of our greatest players ever. i believe luis enrique will have the character to get through to him and channel his aggression in a more positive way (lucho was a pretty feisty player himself) and he *is* the best number 9 out there, so why wouldn't i want him? it's madness. 
yes, it was. the ban was way too short.
do we know when chiellini will come out of his coma yet?
yeah, about the same time it will take suarez to bite another player. shan't be too long.
poor chiellini. his family must be going through hell right now. 
the worst thing is, that we the fans are the ones really punished. suarez provided so much quality football last season. such a shame hes kind of nuts
pretty low quality imo 
third time for him.  he should have been banned for life by fifa.  no shock that a group of corrupt pussies backtracked. 
i'm not aware that i've ever linked to an ftbpro article before....
stop downvoting me suarez you crybaby!
could it be a legal thing? maybe fifa realized that they wouldn't be able to enforce a training ban. 
i like the idea in concept and gave it an upvote, but, i feel like it would turn into huge bash sessions and circlejerks.  
it's only confusing for those who are new to the sport. the system works just fine. *edit: clarification about the exact process of how injury time works is below.*
i understand you're used to it, doesn't make it less counter-intuitive... 

i mean, would you be more confused if they did stop the clock when they stop the play, and restart it when they restart it?
the timing system works perfectly for the sport. it's a game that flows, not stops and starts. end of story. i mean you no offense, but you're like the 100,000th new viewer to the sport who claims to have an idea for how to improve it. it doesn't need improving.
but i mean, there are stops and starts, the only difference is that the clock doesn't stop, no? 
i wonder what would happen if i ever bit suarez.
you are wrong here. the referee is responsible for the amount of additional time. he informs the fourth official about the amount to be added, then the fourth official duty is only to declare it.
the referee stops his watch when there is a need for that. later on before the end of the half, he checks the difference between a non-stopping watch and the watch that was stopped to decide how much additional time is required.

anyway, as a general guideline, the referees usually add half minute for each substitution and some more to compensate for anything that wasted some time during the half.
sounds like a great idea! sign me up bruddah!
he might become your friend, who knows
suarez: "excuse me, did you just accidentally fall onto me with your teeth?  are your gums okay??"

"y..  yes..  sure!"

"let's go for some beers, bro"
i stand corrected.
/r/football is for posts about association football only. if your post is about another subject it does not belong here and is removed. american football posts should be posted in /r/nfl, /r/footballamerica or /r/cfb

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
great ideia!

so we can discuss and expand our knowledge about other leagues in the world, becauese we gonna have people from all around the world. and we have the americans, wich want to like and know about it.
in my opinion, i think we'd get more spectacle and more action if football added the notions of backcourt/frontcourt like in basketball. when the team in possession of the ball crosses the halfway line, they wouldn't be allowed to go back into their own half, forcing them to create an action forward. if they don't and go back in their backcourt, a foul is pronounced and a free kick is awarded to the opposing team at the halfway line. they can choose to shoot it back or forwards.
"lol ronaldo&gt;reus" "sturridge is best striker in the world!" followed by the "sturridge isnt the best strike imho its...!"

i like the idea but it will need decent mods or it would turn from a quality football forum to a shitposting gaping hole of horrors.
the rule that if you remove your t-shirt you get a yellow card....  that's a stupid rule 
i honestly think that's stupid too, but you know... puritanism and such. 
it has nothing to do with puritanism... it's because people were advertising products on the undershirts.
- stop the clock when play stops.
- retroactively yellow card players for obvious dives.
- yellow card players for complaining to the ref.
- during overtime the goal keeper is not allowed to use his hands.
and also removing the ads paid for on the front of the shirts
i would love to see how the game develops when a second ball is introduced. 
crowding the referee. only the captain can speak to the referee about a decision.
people should really stop listening to him
a second field referee. 

much diving goes unpunished because of the position of the referee. a 2nd ref ahead of the action would put play in a "box" with the other official trailing.  
if a player is injured, just play on. the trainer comes on and attends to the player whilst the play continues on.
if a player intentionally plays the ball at the injured player/trainer, that's a yellow.
works well in rugby.

when thinking of new rules, remember that all levels of football must adhere to it. not everyone can show video replays.

isn't there already a rule about this on the books?   i thought it was just rarely enforced. 
damn. poor kid, back injuries have to be the worst possible injury
no advertising on uniforms.  i know that could financially break a vast majority of clubs in the world,  but still.   so many of them are such eye sores.   at least let the clubs fiddle with the logos so they flow with the team colors and such a bit better. 
read this in another thread, but i really like the idea of no points being awarded to either team in a 0-0 draw.
 
it'd make league play more interesting, but i wouldn't want to see it in a major tournament (e.g., world cup).
there is. in the netherlands they enforced it for a couple of games last season after some incident, but they seem to have forgotten about it already.
not really a rule that changes the way the game is played, but a good suggestion nevertheless (probably more so because it doesn't alter the game itself). in addition to this, video assisted decision making.
yes, his managerial style of "loving the players" worked really well as i recall.
damn. such a shame. 
would be impractical. if your captain is the goalkeeper is he expected to run the length of the field to discuss an incident in the opposition's penalty area?
germany*
would probably lead to teams allowing each other to score one at the start of the match.
if the ref is on edge about giving/not giving a penalty/free kick, then they should simply watch the replay, not really a rule but it's amazing how refs can just give away fouls when it clearly isn't a foul, everyone watching at home can see it's not a foul, everyone in the stadium can see it's not a foul. but all the ref sees is "oh shit, someone fell over, better get my whistle ready"
he has hardly done anything in this world cup so far anyway. not really lived up to the hype imo
yeah but he is one of brazils main players without him i can see germany knocking them out and yeah he hasnt really lived up to the hype due to the easy games theyve had. 

hasn't he scored like 5 goals? 
new rule. if a player is on the ground, and supposedly hurt, 
 has a certain amount of time to get up or else he needs to stay off the field for like 2 or 3 minutes to receive treatment. if he is actually injured, you can make a substitution of course. no more faking injuries.

i think thiago silva missing is a much bigger blow personally. its obviously not good news for brazil though. of course there is still fred!!

four not five. it doesn't mean he has played particularly well though.
true but that's still double the entire england team and he's still the centre of the brazilian team 

your submission has been removed. memes are not allowed on /r/football.

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
video referee. a referee watching the tv and able to talk with the main referee. not to check everything, just important thing like goals, penalties and red cards, he would just talt to the tv guys, he would teel him and that's it, 10 secs and you have no more big fails ruining games
everyone gets on players about crowding the referee but i think the conversation is childish. these are full grown men and if they feel they have been wronged they can demand an explanation if they want to. certainly some take it past the point of human decency but not enough to treat everyone like children. 
you mean the offside rule? 
off topic: not even a colombian fan but i hope some cartel kills that spanish ref. worst officiating ever.
no, he means taking the ball back to your own goal to reset (or burn the clock). 
honestly, all they have to do is issue post-game cards for dives reviewed after the match. though this wouldn't be a new or changed rule. just an earnest enforcement of something already at their disposal. 
all the explanations here are fine. but the truth of it is that, if you look at it objectively, it makes no sense. but many sports have hold overs that make no sense. like letting them fight in hockey.   
for the love of god, just stop the clock when the ball is not in play. how hard is it to pay a clock operator to start and stop the clock when a guy is faking an injury for 10 minutes   
i honestly hate fred he is one of the most boring footballer. yeah with thiago missing its gonna be tough aswell he is a tank in defence.
same here the referees this year have been absolute wank 
backcourt violation is there to make sure teams do not was the clock by making the court smaller. the offside rule accomplishes the same thing but works from the opposite direction and is dictated by the other team. 
offside is to prevent cherry picking. it has nothing to do with speeding up the game which is the intention of what was suggested. 
the refereeing has generally been pretty decent i think. there have been a few high-profile fuck ups, and some not very well refereed games, but overall, i think the standard has been fine. 
article should read: "create a new calciopoli"..

was the only way for them to become successful in 06, is the only way now. moratti ruined what little prestige the club had. everyone in the football world knows what happened, the public has yet to inform themselves though. 
great advantage? i think germany is good enough to be able to deal with neymar without a problem.
ah true.
yeah true.
short answer...no
fan power can work wonders sometimes 
i'd adjust the dogso rule.  i think there should be a red card or a pk but not both.  unless it'd be a red card without accounting for the goal scoring opportunity, like a rough tackle with studs showing.
short answer...yes 
no he doesnt. if he affects the play in anyway then yes, it can be called offsides.
in football, the referee has a lot of power. it's more than in other sports. if the referee has judged a certain incident then it would be final and video footage won't matter. fifa puts a lot of pressure on the referee, this is the first year that they allow goal line technology and we are in 2014 whereas other sports has these kinds of technology implemented years ago. it's that old fool blatter that refuses to change.

the thing about the stopping the clock is that the games would last much longer. i have seen statistics that in a 45 minute half only 25 minutes is real play.

edit: during the 1974 worldcup on average the real play per game was 59.20 mintues. during the worldcup of 1990 it was around 54.58 minutes. in 2006 the average is not longer than 60 minutes. it is mostly fifa that is reluctant to change.
not necessarily, which is why most player stop in their tracks to avoid getting involved in the play. on some cases, dodging could be somewhat considered being involved, but it's really odd (like standing in front of the keeper). 
i can't imagine that being smiled upon. while researching if anything like this had occurred, i did find some examples of intentional own goals (not the same, i know), both of which resulted in very heavy fines/bans. 
 
[1998 tiger cup](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1998_tiger_cup#controversy)
 
[as adema 149–0 so l'emyrne](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/as_adema_149%e2%80%930_so_l%27emyrne)
you can't really blame the ref for missing that. he was looking at the ball in the opposite direction. even the linesman's view was obscured. and even the video wasn't 100% clear. i'd definitely give the ref a pass on that incident. 
i feel like video assisted decision making would slow the game down immensely. if you're going to video, you can't let play go on until you've looked at it.
that'd be difficult to manage. it takes a team of at least a dozen people to produce the video you see on tv. the second ref would basically have to watch 20 tvs simultaneously, or find the relevant tv, rewind the video, rewatch it, and then make a decision, which would take more than ten seconds.
slows the game down so much though. i think it'd be almost unwatchable if it had to go to replay on every debated foul.
no longer allow defenders to shepherd the ball over the end line by interfering with the attacker. it is called as obstruction anywhere else on the pitch, why not in this situation? make the defender play the ball. 
straight red cards for simulation, the definition of which should also include faking injury.
if a player acts like he won't walk again, and gets carried off the pitch, he should stay off the pitch, and not be brought back on to the field of play.
i'd remove the offside rule, just to see what would happen
you're right - we'll have to appoint moderators or i don't know what would happen if no one's keeping check! thanks! :)
i know we'll have to appoint moderators to keep a check. we'll also have rules for each forum.
i would personally like to see retrospective cards being issued for blatant diving. for me diving is the one thing that is the most frustrating to watch. now i can understand the argument against a video referee live during the match i.e. part of the joy of football is the discussion in the pub about 'whether it was or wasn't a goal'. but, i think a post-game review with any obvious dive resulting in starting the next game on a yellow would be fair.
thanks! :) 
yeah that'd be great! 
umm, they'd win it?
they'd be kind of bad. time takes a toll on your play
change diving to be a professional foul (and hence a red card offence)

edit: this would require refs to enforce it of course but i feel diving is too skewed in favour of reward over risk. the reward is a game changing penalty and/or getting an opposing player in the ref's book, the risk a yellow card
it isn't obstruction anywhere on the pitch if the ball is within playable distance of the defender...
neymar

nermay

g ermany

germany

o.o
no neymar or thiago silva. hate to say it, but without brazil's only two consistent players this world cup, they stand no chance. 


who would be added to that if that list were remade now i wonder.

brazilian ronaldo for sure and maybe messi... but on a world cup stage, not messi just yet.
they'd do terribly. yes, they're some of the greatest footballers of all time, but with no substitutes, they'd have no chance.
if it was enforced no team whould ever make the gk the captain.
but crowding him is behaving like children. if they behaved like adults they whould realize that crowding him doesn't help.

indeed but germany haven't been great and brazil have been the beneficiaries of dubious decisions rather often
they do exactly what i said in rugby and there is never a problem
players to look out for: mertens, kompany, courtois... yeee i think belgium has the stronger squad but let's see who has more magic.
every match would be really long
it pretty much forces you to make a central midfielder the captain rather than the person best suited to being a captain.
this year they beat man u and tottenham, and sat above arsenal and liverpool for much of the season. had arsenal lost one game and everton won one or two they would have made champions league. not to mention everton were plagued with injuries, at one point 9 of the 11 starters were out. i don't think any other top club dealt with that many injuries last season. i think it's fair to say that everton can compete. 
the reff may not be consistent, but he's always there.
since diving and feigning injury completely ruins the game, there should be a dubious (very important) diving panel who looks at worst cases of the weekend and if it's clear no contact was made the diver should face a certain ban length
they certainly stand a chance, but it's less likely.
they would always take off their captain near the end of the game if they are winning and give the armband to the keeper, so any foul he can stroll upfield and have some tea and a chat with the ref
that'd be cool, too.  i want diving, more than anything else, removed from the game.
thumbnail is howard? i won't even bother reading.
ochoa doesn't have six fingers! /r/photoshop 

asides from that i quite like the article, although you can tell you're american with the praise given to tim howard.
really nicely written article, much better than the red tips and even most broadsheets in this country
players should only be allowed to play for the country they are born in. its a fucking joke that brothers play for different nationalteams (k.p.boateng ghana and jerome boateng germany).
dude fuck that. i was born in belgium to parents from portugal and australia. i left belgium when i was 1 year old and don't associate with them.
honestly, and objectively speaking, i think germany could handle brazil even with neymar. the bigger blow for brazil would be oscar who really makes the team go. germany has a lot more depth and talent than the brazil team, who is one of the poorest, by their incredible standard- in years. don't get me wrong, brazil is still good, but when you look at their lineup, is there anyone who jumps out at you besides neymar, oscar and silva?
luiz is a talented player but defensive liability, fernadinho is strong for his position, willan dangerous, marcelo has quality. no one incredible though. many disappointments, fred, hulk, alves(who showed he's done in the champions league). i can't believe they left lucas off the team. he'd be a great sub for neymar. should be a good match. hope neymar has a full and speedy recovery. not a fan of his, but you hate to see that happen to any player, especially a bright young talent like him.
 
and how about the matouidi foul leading to a broken leg? oh, that's right, nobody cares about nigerian players...
great choice in music.
this article wasn't about fifa and all the injuries they are looking into. it was about one particular incident. that matouidi foul does deserve to be looked at though, so i agree with you on that aspect.
i think both actions deserve sanctions, but punishing zúñiga overlooking the matouidi foul is plain unfair.
gerd müller, but i think he's missing from it in the first place. paulo rossi maybe? his hat-trick to knock the highly fancied and very talented brazil team out in 1982 is one of the most outstanding performances i can recall watching in any tournament.

franco baresi? i guess his position is filled by beckenbauer, and i imagine there's little argument about picking der kaiser.

in fact there are no italians on that team at all, which i find rather strange.

edit: no french players either, so no zidane or platini. actually, given the team was compiled in 1994 then zidane would probably be the modern player i think should be added.
ah true.
i think this is classical fifa like always though... they want to investigation why their money making machine neymar get injured not really caring that much for less popular players :/
lmao @ number 1 compared to the rest also i thought vidic quite aggressive too?
make the decision lampard, we all know it's coming.

is this decision what to have for lunch?
shame for belgium, but they did not play as a team. just a group of great individuals who did nothing spectacular. 

hopefully they come back stronger for the euros and the next wc, they have some more great talent only in their late teens who will be killer players in a couple of years.
i always liked him more than benzema i'm glad he got himself a goal
hopefully they'll come to the right conclusion and punish the referee
and fernandinho's 90 minute assault on james??
this sub reddit is for association football, for gridiron try /r/nfl or /r/footballamerica.
slightly misleading title as they were in the premier league at the time..
he's not neymar.
the strange thing is, we played in the premier league last season (before relegation) and we're in the english leagues but there is actually a professional welsh league with teams like wrexham etc
fifa is such a joke, we never see players dive and cheat get banned but when a 'star' is injured for being a cunt? yes punish the offender.
only where the owner(s) care enough to cooperate. see cardiff for when it isn't
go figure. fifa loves neymar
nope. i'm assuming you saw patrick kluivert...
he's a sort of analyst (don't know if i'm using the correct term though)

edit: the others are right was confused always mess them up.
"in the course of falling, my knee came in contact with neymar's spine. it was not my intention to break his vertebrae."
nope thats patrick kluivert 
looked like he was trying to hurt him to me as well
excuse me, but how was neymar injured for, in your words, *being a cunt*?
&gt; yes punish the offender.

i don't understand whether that line sarcastic or not?
if you behave like a cunt and dive at every opportunity be ready to get hurt, that's the way in every sport. yes i was being sarcastic because of fifa double standards.
fifa says a lot of things. what a joke of an organization. 
request denied!

unless you can feed me delicious pancakes every day, then i might reconsider.
we've seen this every time england goes out of the world cup and a thousand times more.

there needs to be a fundamental change in english football coaching at the junior levels before the idea of winning a major international tournament is anything more than a pipe dream.

ignore the hands of god and balls that may or may not have crossed the line, the fundamental issue remains that the english team really isn't that good. the current coaching system needs to be replaced with a more comprehensive one to bring players of ability through- rather than just a few of those young players.

i don't think any of these prospects will do any better than the ones in similar articles last time round.
this seems like the definition of a bad loser. argentina haven't really been that impressive in the world cup, but looking at the quality of the squad, neither have belgium, and i think the manager and his tactics are the main reason for it.

just look at a player like eden hazard. he's been completely anonymous during the world cup. the belgian team is a collection of fantastic talent and it has not been utilized to its fullest potential at all. the won their group but never really shone in the group stage. i'd say their most impressive player is probably origi who's 19 and practically unknown before the world cup started.

most of, if not all the high profile players have been very unimpressive and what should have been a spectacular team has indeed been very ordinary. the irony of his statement is tremendous.
i also read a while back that they were very close to signing a then flop gareth bale.
it's still true.
ever heard of pasquale bruno? o' animale (the animal) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pasquale_bruno
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
 [**pasquale bruno**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pasquale%20bruno): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;__pasquale bruno__ (born 19 june 1962 in [lecce](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lecce)) is a former [italian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italy) [footballer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_(soccer\)) who played as a defender for a number of clubs in his homeland, [heart of midlothian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heart_of_midlothian_f.c.), in [scotland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scotland) and, [wigan athletic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wigan_athletic_f.c.), in [england](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england). he is currently a football analyst for italian [television](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/television).

&gt;bruno, controversially named the [animal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/animal) was famed for his commitment, aggression and occasional outrageous outbursts on the pitch, started his career with his home-town side [u.s. lecce](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u.s._lecce) in 1979. the defender moved north to [como](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/como_calcio_1907) in 1983 and then four years later joined [juventus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juventus_f.c.). while with the *bianconeri* he won a [uefa cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_cup) medal, juventus defeating [fiorentina](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acf_fiorentina) in the 1989–90 final, and a [coppa italia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coppa_italia) winners medal the same season.

&gt;in 1990 bruno joined *juve's* fierce rivals [torino](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torino_f.c.), where he added a further coppa italia medal in 1992–93. the previous season he had played in his second uefa cup final, although on this occasion he tasted defeat as [ajax amsterdam](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afc_ajax) defeated torino on the "away goals" rule. he joined fiorentina for the 1993–94 season, helping them win the [serie b](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serie_b) title but stayed in serie b the following year, as a result of a transfer back to lecce.

&gt;

---

^interesting: [^torino ^f.c.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torino_f.c.) ^| [^1991–92 ^torino ^calcio ^season](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1991%e2%80%9392_torino_calcio_season) ^| [^penne ^alla ^vodka](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penne_alla_vodka) ^| [^1990 ^uefa ^cup ^final](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_uefa_cup_final) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+cipn6a2) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+cipn6a2)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
thank you! reading r/soccer's comments was nauseating.
in this thread we discuss wich are the best players ever. as you've seen my picks are ronaldnho and the 'real' ronaldo. r10 and r9. these guys skills are unmatched. zidane had his day, cristiano is pretty good but he doesn't even come close too these two guys. messi is the only modern soccer player that has that same magic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmmn1vo80yq
it definetly does not look like he wants to hurt him:
[link](http://www.blick.ch/sport/fussball/wm2014/wegen-diesem-foul-wm-out-fuer-neymar-id2964795.html)

he just tries to stop him from getting the ball which is a foul but i don't think he intended to hurt neymar.
then ronaldo dove and grabbed his knee. 
i love how fifa only acts "on popular request".

this does not mean, the foul was not worth investigating or to be punished in the first place (it was, ffs), but i'm pretty sure it would not have been investigated if it had not been neymar and everyone was yelling for retaliation.
yeah, they'll need him now as di maria is out for the world cup. 

but i suppose aguero is back and with lavezzi also to choose from it could be worse.
these comparisons are kinda dumb. what are you looking at in these players? do you look at the raw mechanical skill and dribblings? then for sure r10, r9, messi and neymar come to mind first, but there are alot more qualities players can bring. 
skills like proper positioning, tactial overview and blocking rooms are as valuable as being able to do power dribblings and awesome freekicks.

you will have a bias towards the midfielders and strikers and you will only look at "beautyful football". just take miroslav klose for example who shot as many goals as ronaldo in worldcups and even more goals in international games, but for sure is not able to look as amazing as ronaldo does. however he allways knew where to stand and made the shots if he needed to.


are you saying oscar has been decent this tournament? he's been awful so far.
"down 1-0 around the 75 minute, i guess i will sub my best creative player for a defensive-slow-giant" you're the fucking moron.
fad. i tried six bars on friday before i found one that was open for even the 1pm semi-final, let alone 9am. some of them were sports bars with big signs saying "every match of the world cup here!" right next to the sign saying "closed july 4th'". guess the world cup ended last tuesday here in seattle, that self-proclaimed soccer capital of the nation.
they're retards who were just introduced to football and acting like they know everything.
well... it was the 4th of july. you know, the only day 24-hour walmarts close besides christmas. probably will be playing in other places after. i'd say it's a fad for most, but for a lot of americans it isn't. and that number is clearly growing.
i say fad but i guess we'll find out over the next couple years.
i'm sure brazilian legend ronaldo is an impartial observer. this seems to be a problem in the news as a whole: in an appeal to appeal to emotion instead of reporting the facts they ask someone with a clearly vested interest in the matter (eg talking to ash [a prominent anti-smoking group] about smoking in cars)
it's not a fad in kc. jack kemp? more like jack ass.

edit: to the downvoting assholes on this thread: get a life.
being dirty isn't the same as being aggressive.


i think it's real. you would have to go back to the origins of mls and see how the sport has developed in the us to think otherwise.

of course it has picked up extra fans during the world cup- it does in every other country too- people who normally "don't care about football" seem to care a lot more during the world cup and there's no reason the us should be any different in that regard.

the growth of mls compared with the leagues that preceded it is interesting, because this time round it seems to be sustainable. there's a good league system in place that's probably as good as the turkish or russian leagues and there's some die-hard support going on too.

the us national team has also qualified for every world cup since 1994- see how many other countries can say the same.
yea, and it was also the world cup semi finals, that were scheduled months ago and happen every four years. i'd give them a little more leeway if, say, they had been unable to predict that there would be games that day, but they had the schedule at least a month in advance and still felt it was reasonable to advertise that they would be open every game while planning to close.
it wasn't even a love of soccer.  it was a love of competition.  it ended the moment the clock ran out on the us team.
that's fairweather fans though- and every country has them- but support for football is growing in the us.
i think only pepe and barton are dirty here,but still aggressive.
i agree, support is growing, but very, very slowly.  the enthusiasm that was seen for the us world cup team is not an accurate representation of the core support.
why this bias against people of the us? i'm from the uk and everyone who follows football starts out as a 'fad' but it grows into something more for most! let them be. 
when you say as good as the turkish and the russian leagues do you mean quality of the football played or something else?

i think turkish and russian leagues are good- as in the quality of football played. same with ukrainian leagues- but that level of play is something worth aspiring to.

it would be ridiculous to think of mls at the moment being a contender against la liga, bundesliga, premiership or serie a
yea, and it was also the 4th of july, that was scheduled 200 years ago and happens every year.
ton of bars open where i was at. there are, for sure, some bars that were trying to cash in on world cup fever. that doesn't mean people didn't care - ton of people watching where i was at.
i have never seen a mls game so i'm curious. what league would you rank the level of play in mls as on par with. 
10 exciting prospects that will struggle to get a game in front of established higher/over paid foreigners.
the main thing i've taken from this world cup is that international football is becoming a more level playing-field.
when it comes to the tournament finals, teams that play as a team will fair much better than a team with talented individual players.
yeah, messi and co. can change a game in an instant, but their overall work-rate is second to none.

i feel sorry for these young lads, most if them won't get a sniff of the england first team. sad but true.
i don't know well have to see if the numbers for the normal mls season go up, i feel like it's definitely a fad for most, maybe some have been exposed to football/soccer as a result and found they genuinely like it but the mls has been so small relative to other leagues. go back 4 years people were excited after that world cup but the mls stayed the same and football/soccer is still way behind american football baseball basketball etc etc.
i think for quality of play it ranks with the portuguese, turkish or belgian leagues. it's decent quality but not quite top level yet- so probably more like belgium or denmark than portugal or turkey.

it's getting there though, so it would be wrong to dismiss the us out of hand just because it's a different league structure.
he wants starting minutes, but i can't see any of the clubs in a cl position wanting him if chelsea don't. what about spurs? spurs fans... is he a fit at whl?
actually,i think i'd have said belgium as well. never portugal. turkey is top heavy as one would expect.


interesting to consider... might mls be more balanced than euro leagues? meaning, is there greater parity, therefore quality is spread out a lot more than in other leagues?  

i am not saying it is even close to la liga, but, 

in la liga you have maybe 3 or 4 world class sides. they are very, very top heavy, even more so than say the premier league (which is fairly top heavy but has become more open than it was) and more similar to top heavy serie a.  so, if mls were to follow the same suit, i wonder if having less parity affects how we see them? 

their talent is spread out quite a bit with their current salary structure and designated import rules.




any decent attacking threat from a forward position is a fit for whl at the moment. 
have you heard rumblings about lu to spurs?  i've not, just curious.
soccer in america is bigger than any other sport in terms of participation. there is a huge interest. i am a full time professional coach moved here from europe a year ago and was shocked by the popularity. there are of course fans that jump on the band wagon but they are in every sport in every country. 
i few but nothing from reliable sources. tottenham definitely look to be interested but i don't know if he would be interested in a club who's biggest aspiration is a fourth placed finish. think he is looking for clubs that will want to challenge for titles/trophies. 
how weird that they forgot about it when looking at the world cup schedule then, especially as it appears to happen every year on the same date.
as a us football fan i started on the bandwagon in '10 and have loved the sport since. hopefully more follow.
i think for the majority of those who got into the world cup here in them us it was a passing fancy. but in a nation with our population, if even a small percentage of people continue to follow football, they could represent a big jump.

we also have much more access to the bpl now that nbc is broadcasting games. add in the country's growing latino population and i think you have the basis for continuing growth. 

for me personally, i have loved the sport since 2006, but since i live in the new york metro area and didn't want to support a team named after an energy drink i couldn't get into mls. i also couldn't find a good reason to support any english clubs. 

now that manchester city have given me nycfc though, both those problems have been solved and i'm looking forward to really getting into it this year. i also bet there are a lot of people in my area with that same story and ny is going to grow big time as an football market in america. we also have the nation's only mcfc supporters group.
from suarez to origi? 
because every fucking post on this sub is some uninformed bullshit that is always somehow linked back to either mls or the usmnt. they can't accept that currently their country doesn't accept the sport and clog up this sub with their bullshit. 
so? wasn't the ref looking in the other direction? he's only human and can only punish what he sees
it will never change.  if the players played a full 90 the game would not fit in a 2 hour tv window.
in october, nobody knew you. in november, you were already shining. in december, you wouldn't stop scoring. in january, we began to like you . in february, the whole spain knew you. in march, we wanted you for the world cup. in may, you were selected. in june, you made us dream. in july, you made us understand that, to be a great football player, you must play with your heart. and for that griezmann, we thank you

he was very harsh with the marchisio red card, so brazil have to be careful.
but my point is that the stopages do occur, they just don't stop the clock, unless i'm jot understanding this right. 
thanks alot .
i'd say go for everton. they have great history, are well run and play some terrific football. they dont have much money but still seem to compete around the top half of the table and that is a well admired trait.

im a united fan myself but have always had a soft spot for everton, goodison park has a fantastic atmosphere too.
cant say ive ever seen anyone underrate zidane or viera.
yeah, the ref always looks at at the ball, neither of them had the ball.
in the part where it says "how germany entered the qf" instead of germany's match history they wrote the french one. the writer had to be pretty high.
he was top drawer at everton, 15 goals in 31 apps, he seemed to fit in there pretty well, but would they buy him im not sure
this sub is for association football.  try /r/nfl or /r/footballamerica.
moratti created no calciopoli. he didn't make up the phone calls, he didn't invent the network of relationships between moggi, the federation, the refs and everyone else. what he did was to unveil such things, by exploiting his friendship with marco tronchetti provera, back then main shareholder of telecom italia (and main shareholder of pirelli, inter's shirt sponsor). in a system that never allowed him to win in more than a decade, this falls in the definition of "self-defense." for once, he was smarter than moggi. everyone in the football world knows.

as to the "little prestige" of the club, please go on...
sorry but i think we have an very exciting prospect here at middlesbrough, ben gibson...hes a quality defender and been in every england squad in youth level
it was a red for marchisio and the referees so far haven't been strict enough. marchisio went in with the bottom of his foot.
100% class.
where did you get this?
i'm happy to see the fans' remembrance, but holy shit. that story puts things in perspective. saad or whoever it was just took some kid's father away over a *game*. let's just keep that in mind when things get heated out there.
it was an article in the dutch newspaper de telegraaf http://www.telegraaf.nl/telesport/wk-voetbal-2014/22826239/__pogba_dicht_voor_ploegmaat__.html
it is in dutch though.
being a dane myself, why do you think we see so few players leaving the mls compared to the players starting out in the danish league and then being snatched up by the bigger european leagues as soon as they become successful. is the scouting done in america just not as extensive or is the reason something else?
pffft....has nothing on what [we did](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/06/25/article-2669244-1f1d8d1b00000578-432_470x423.jpg) for our awesome england lads. thoroughly deserved. even [businesses got involved](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/06/25/article-2669244-1f1cfb2b00000578-583_964x634.jpg) showing support.
i know, it just seemed very harsh in context of the game, and in how other fouls have been dealt with throughout the tournament. 

but brazil needs someone like that in their games it seems.
his drug addled brain is clearly getting worse
bla bla
your submission has been removed. most or all of your submissions are to the same source, please vary your submissions with news stories from other sources.

*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2ffootball) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i think a dutch coach yeah they would
one of the most amazing players that ever existed. 
edit: in april, you confirmed it.
most sensationalist headline ever?
rip
yep, the clock keeps running.
so, since time is added at the end, the impact would be negligeable, and the crowd would know where to stand during the game, not at the end... no?
i was there. this was one of the most awesome things i've ever seen.
[here are some better pictures of it.](https://www.facebook.com/mikekitchenesq/media_set?set=a.10152121801915826.1073741871.611625825&amp;amp;type=1)



that was beautiful.
this bugs me so much, anyone who plays football would understand that marchisio was trying to turn on the ball, there was no malice
this ref shouldn't be reffing this game because of the marchisio red, not because of the missed bite (which would be near impossible for a ref to see).
yes it was glad it was translated for us non french speakers :)
wow you sound so pissed off. you should probably get used to uniformed ignorant americans clogging up this sub with our bullshit because we aren't going anywhere.
the footballing world mourns your loss, sad day, i hope in the world cup tomorrow all players wear a black arm band, and have a minutes silence to commemorate your loss.
the paper man was truly the most gifted forward of his generation. sublime touch and technique, subtlety and grace which is unmatched even today 
the top half of the english championship
seems a bit premature with the wc still on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umdr0mpuyqc&amp;feature=kp
the text is so warm it is developing feelings.
