must...find...torrent
took me about 2 days to download but it was worth it. 
yeah, i cant stand uma thurman



now we just need a casualty for jpegs with text.
[tom cruise](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tom_cruise#scientology)
i can't stand fairuza balk. 

http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000103/mediaindex

she just so fucking hideous to me, with that big ugly psycho clown mouth. her voice and laughter are so annoying too. i really don't wanna see any movie she comes out in just so i don't have to put up with her.
leo di caprio, after titanic i couldn't stand the sight of him, i liked the departed and was willing to give him a second chance and then he did body of lies, awful movie
yea, i couldn't stand leo after titanic. 
denzel washington
adam. fucking. sandler.    can't stand the man
i worked with the guy who created that game.  kinda a putz.
ben stiller.

i hate his one character.
that's great!. one of my all time favorite movies. 
really? i think she's hot as hell.
serious?, i do not want to look at your porn folder.
brendan fraser is the worst thing that has ever happened to film.


(those three episodes of scrubs however, were fairly decent..)
george bush, tom cruise, sharon stone.
matt damon, jude law
ashton kutcher.
i'd say its one of my favorite horror movies of all time. good mix of funny and scary. great sound and special effects as well... 9/10
crispin glover.

worst actor of all time. his performance in "river's edge" is the worst performance ever committed to celluloid. when your costars are keanu reeves and dennis hopper and they look like olivier acting next to you, there's a problem.

i grit my teeth to get through his scenes in "back to the future".
nope.  if a movie looks good (and gets a good enough rotten tomatoes and/or metacritic score), i'm gonna see it.  i don't care who's in it.
saw it about an hour ago, very very awesome !@
yes, the trailers make it look like soulless crap.  i totally would have skipped this movie but a trusted friend vouched for it, enough to go see it again with us.  this movie has the soul of an *evil dead* movie.  make sure the old-school raimi fans among you know that *drag me to hell* is macabre comedy and not the stupid straight-faced horror they're advertising it as.
just saw this last night, and it was loads of fun. the audience was rowdy, and everyone applauded at the end. the only thing missing was a bruce campbell cameo:(
falling didn't kill him -- it was the sudden stop (ground floor).
i'm actually watching die hard right now... the helicopter taps the building on the way down, but it appears that it crashes to the ground.
fair enough.
kevin is the obnoxious bird in the movie: "shoo! get *out!*" "blarghafef! blakakakaakburgh!"

he's underrated because the &gt;7.5 million portion of the population (at time of posting) who've seen this movie and then talk about it on the internet tend not to sing his praise (in favour of dug, the dog).

god, i can't believe i just explained something this pathetic on the internet. *facepaaaalm*
more than anything about hollywood, i hate their marketing idiots who continually mismarket good movies, sentencing them to box office death.
appears to be only the hostiles that are accounted for.
if you are at least mildly interested in horror and have any sense of humor, go see this movie.  i dragged 3 friends along who were like "wtf why are we seeing this" and ended up loving it.
directed by sam raimi piqued my interest, 98% on rotten tomatoes sealed the deal.
i'll tell you somethin... i fucking hate horror movies.  i can't remember the last time i saw a good one.

having said that, i just watched the original evil dead for the 341982374987th time last night.  i love it.  i think it's a very important film, and countless people in cinema have been influenced by sam raimi's early work.  this new movie has me really interested, and kinda gives me hope for the horror genre.
oh man dmth was the best movie i've seen in a long time.  classic raimi.  i heard he was going to make evil dead 4 after he gets done with the next spider man shitfest.
yeah, where was bruce in this one?  i caught this flick friday night and the theatre was packed with teenagers, all the girls were screaming and all the guys were cracking up, best crowd reaction during a movie i've ever seen.
sam raimi ruined sword of truth on television, which made me really angry, and yet... this looks so awesome. i'm so conflicted.
well that's cool. it's good to see other people still getting worthless degrees. it's really much more than a few books if you do it right. a lot depends on the school. i wouldn't say any degree is a big deal though. i'm the asshole, but some fucking undergrad making the same stupid mistake is going to tell me how useless my ancient degree is. thanks for the brilliant analysis. 
just saw it tonight and loved it. totally worth the ten bucks. definitely more of a horror-comedy, so many scenes where i couldn't decide whether to laugh or groan in amazed disgust. the rest of the audience was getting pretty into it too. raimi has a deft touch at little character moments and setting up the players so you know who they are. this movie is going to deeply influence horror movies over the next few years.

also it has a kitteh.
i just watched it. its fucking awesome. its hilarious at many points (hang on kitty!) but i think its the scariest movie i have seen since the ring.
wow i had no idea. maybe i'll go see
dmth was truly classic raimi, very much like evil dead.  i only wish he could've made it r-rated and bypassed the silly cgi "gore".  one thing that really stuck out to me was the score, christopher young did a wonderful job.  the end of the film was rather painfully predictable, but oh well.
up? more like fuck up. hah!
i loved this film.  right amount of 'omgwtfbbq!' jump out of your seat bits and dying of laughter bits (anvils and talking goats anyone?)


i remain skeptical about this and state of the american horror genre in general. 

i think this could be the "smart" american sci-fi movie people have been waiting for for a long time, fingers crossed.
seeing movies is sometimes like traveling, you have a pretty good chance of knowing where you come home to, but how you get there is always different. 
i never know when he's going to play his own douchy self (mission impossible 3) or actually play a role (collateral).
cruise, travolta, mel gibson, de caprio, cher

i forgot robert ryan
[wristcutters: a love story](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a42alajev1a)
the problem with passchendaele is the heavy handed symbolism. the story overall is good and i thought the action was excellent, but there were a few laughable parts that slightly spoil the film. however, it is worth a watch because it follows the actions of canadian soldiers, a subject that has been sorely overlooked. 
red dawn is a piece of shit, and you're retarded.
yeah, actually, the more i think about it, i'm really impressed with the subtlety of characterization in the movie.  that's definitely where raimi has grown the most over the years.  i thought about calling it a more mature version of *evil dead ii*, but thought that might scare people away.  for the most part, they're just small turns or little details that *allow* you to look further into the character.  particularly with christine, you can see her as the straightforward, imperiled horror movie heroine, or you can infer a back story that makes her more like a failed chandler femme fatale.
looking forward to this one...looks like a mix between 2001 and the solaris remake, both of which were honest-to-god sci-fi....something we don't get enough of nowadays.
it's amazing how they can take a movie that would be perfectly appealing to someone like me and craft it into a trailer that's totally denuded of everything that would let me know that it's something i might actually like.  in some ways, it's poetic justice -- the universe's revenge for all of the times they've duped us into watching crap that we wouldn't have bothered with if they hadn't manipulated the advertising campaign out of recognition.  this time around, they lose out on the audience, and therefore the money, they'd get if the movie appealed to its native audience, and they usually lose out on the audience they're trying to fool, as well.  but since it means that i routinely miss movies that i'd like if i saw them, i'm not particularly in favor of this particular for of poetic justice.
according to imdb, bruce was offered a roll but had to turn it down to work on "burn notice".
stay skeptical about the state of the american horror general.  but this isn't really a horror movie.  it's horror-comedy in the vein of *evil dead ii*.
i thought the ending was well done.  at least, i wouldn't have wanted it to end one of the several other ways it obviously could have ended.  it very easily could have had a crappy, pasted on, the-original-ending-didn't-test-well-with-mall-moms kind of ending.  and even knowing (or at least hoping for) what was coming, i was impressed with how it was done.
i seriously doubt you'll be disappointed, but if you really can't make up your mind, i'd even go so far as to suggest that you track down a bootleg and watch it up until the end of the scene in the parking garage.  turn it off immediately after that.  if you're not in to it by then, put it down, but if you recognize it for the awesomeness it is, grab some friends and go see it in the theater.
that cartoon open brings back memories...
nice.  i always liked heathcliff so much more than garfield anyway.
also has the most ridiculously long, over-the-top and glorious fight scenes in the history of cinema.
i second that....glorious b horror movie fun, and the best thing stephen sommers has ever done.
or even terrible.
denzel washington as denzel washington. he seems to play the same character in all of his movies. 
didja see blood diamonds?  i thought he was good in that.  his early work was awesome... like what's eating gilbert grape.  agree some recent stuff is lame.
i really liked a review of mission impossible (1, 2?) in a seattle paper saying "this is tom cruise at his tom cruisiest".  i think that explains everything about him.  i do think he was really great in magnolia, which was a role based on a real person which was written for him.
that's kind of a shame, raimi has gone to great lengths to get him a cameo in every movie he's done up until now.  but it is nice to see bruce getting some real success and burn notice is a great show.
remember when they were going to make a stretch armstrong movie?  what ever happened to that?
i think i agree that it was the *best* ending, i just wish he would've bait-and-switched a little bit to make me think it was going to have the other ending. i'm trying not to drop spoilers here but there was definitely a point in the film where the events leading to the end were incredibly obvious.
was it an egg roll?  i love those.
quentin tarantino. i love his movies, but i can't stand his rants. i could basically tolerate it until his performance in four rooms. after that, nope. he should be either in front of the camera or behind, but not both in my opinion. i accept that this will be a rather unpopular opinion, but listening to him talk makes me cringe. 
i really liked how the ending was obvious to the viewers, made it more suspenseful that way in my mind.
it has an [83](http://www.metacritic.com/film/titles/dragmetohell) on metacritic, for christ's sake, now i can't miss it.
seriously, i was about to post the same thing.  anything with him...do not want.

i love all of these new 3d movies the past few years.  i love the gimmick, whatever.

...but i skipped the journey to the sewer of cinema solely based on the fact that it starred the caveman from a pauly shore vehicle.
my kid is 8 and loves team fortress 2, grand theft auto iv, and his favorite movie is terminator 2. will this movie be too gory for him?
but maybe it works out for them in the end. people who would never go to see the movie if they knew what it was are duped by the trailer and go see it, while people like you go and see it because of word-of-mouth.
the best horror movie i have seen in a long time, one of the most enjoyable movies that i have seen in years.  

the film making and story telling is classic raimi brothers.  the sound editing is amazing.  

if you are turned off by the pg 13 rating, think again.  this is not a movie for teenage girls. 
but can he run crysis?
i am not a terribly huge horror fan, but i like justin long.

but if i see justin long in a horror film, i know the film is going to be terrible. in my eyes at least.
"i have to like it! other people do!"
my favorite pixar movie yet.
as opposed to "[it's justin long in a horror movie][1]" so i can't like it?

[1]: http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8orfj/okay_heres_the_deal_reddit_if_you_want_sam_raimi/c09z19u
at least mine is based on personal taste and not an amalgamation of what others think.
i loved the way they used that shocking effect all the time, it was really tongue-in-cheek.
loved the movie.  not sure this article served any purpose though.
it kind of played a dramatic purpose as well, since it was usually a reminder of what started the whole thing.  there a kind of (probably unintentional) subtext about the whole sub-prime mortgage crisis running through the film.  i've read that the script is one that the raimi bros. wrote ages ago, so it's probably just a matter of felicitous timing that brought all of that out, but it's a strange coincidence that the whole film is about an evictee who curses her loan officer.
"top 10" lists rarely do.
if someone wants to know about up, wouldn't they rather not read spoilers?
hate the mpaa..theres more to summer then retarded movies! go fishing, go camping, etc
huh. i didn't realize it was rated pg. i noticed the blood during the film, but i didn't think about how that would affect the rating.
more like it's got allison lohman in it, sign me up.
...and now read this fine new york times article "pixar's art leaves profit watchers edgy":
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/06/business/media/06pixar.html?_r=2&amp;pagewanted=1

"richard greenfield of pali research downgraded disney shares to sell last month, citing a poor outlook for "up" as a reason. "we doubt younger boys will be that excited by the main character," he wrote, adding a complaint about the lack of a female lead."
i was totally going to shrug off this movie because the trailer was so bad. it made the movie look like a generic horror movie about the supernatural. the things i hear from raimi fans make me want to see it now though.
no.
i'm with you, i caught the moment and knew how it was going to play out for the next 20 min or so... even caught that the thing she sees in the window would be an excuse to mention the other thing (that's my best attempt at a non-spoiler). that said, the guy i was watching it with didn't catch any of it.

i did enjoy the ending though, and the scene in the cemetery was a riot, even if i suspicions raised.
just sayin', it's one of the best reviewed films so far this year. reviews aren't everything, but they're something.
so there's like one guy out there who splatted it.

of course it's salon.  http://www.salon.com/ent/movies/review/2009/05/29/up_review/index.html
why does everyone go by what rt says as the definitive movie review? i always found the yahoo movie user reviews to be a little more in line...
what was your top two pixar movies before this one? i want to know if i should expect "awesome" or "super awesome".
there's blood?

huh, that's the second time a bodily fluid has shown up in a pixar film.  the first time was when dorey got a bloody nose.
not if they just want something to take their kids to. "would this be good for my kid?" probably trumps "would the story be ruined for me?"
yea, after titanic i would have to say. "remember what he did before.remember what he did before." no doubt hes a good actor though. 
if mi 1 and 2 you can review them like that, mi 3 is 10 times cruisier in my opinion.
i liked the little alligator in the short at the beginning.
it's very early on and somewhat surprising, but not gory in the slightest.  but damn, those must be some hard tennis balls!
yes:

1. carl hits a construction worker with his walker early in the film, leaving a bloody scrape on the guy's forehead.
2. if i remember right, blood is drawn in the fight between muntz and carl at the end, but i don't remember the details.
deserves it, too.
tons of tear-jerking  emotional depth while still being laugh out loud hilarious. it as also my favorite pixar film.
this could be great.  i'll watch rockwell in anything.
have you seen adaptation?
adam sandler and/or jim carrey. i fucking hate those assholes. i can't even decide who i hate the most. it might be adam sandler for all his retarded roles (which seems to be the only characeter he can play) such as in waterboy or little nicky. when i hear his retarded voice i want to cut myself and bleed to death. 
jim carrey suffers from a similar "type casting" problem. he was the fucking pet detectiv and he was the ratard in dumb &amp; dumber and he never got out of character. save for the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, which gives him some redeeming points but in my book he should still be taken out into the pastery and be shot. 

that is all. you can now start to downvote me for pissing on such great talent...
i read it was 'cheesy' in places. i watched a battle scene on youtube, and thought it was about the best wwi action i've seen in a movie. and yes, it's good to show a canadian perspective. canada ate it bigtime in wwi. well, so did britain, france, germany, etc. but canada really took a beating in its male population.  
is 2 1/2 too young for this? want to indoctrinate my friend's child into the joy of cinema.
yeah but they could do it without spoilers. like, instead of mentioning *who* gets captured, they can just say it's one of the good characters.
i didn't notice any blood during the fight, but i did notice the blood stain on kevin's bandage.
what do you reccomend for a 10 year old you chronically wets the bed?
my son is almost 2 and he enjoyed the entire film.
and here are the top 10 reasons why they don't...
&gt;sad sequence that brought tears to my eyes.

i was crying, along with the rest of the adults and perceptive kids, within the first 10 minutes.
because rt aggregates reviews, puts up front the probability that you will enjoy the film, and provides the average rating?
yup, i was crying as well.  and towards the end, when he flips through the explorer's book to reveal...

well, i cried at the end of wall-e, too.
"super awesome."

edit: my top two before this were wall-e and a tie, between monsters, inc. and the first toy story.  (granted i have yet to see ratatouille, which my so assures me to be among the best, if not the best.)
i thought that too, but yes, it could be coincidental. that whole situation has always been a problem as well, so you might be right.
my son is 3 1/2 and decided it was too "scary" before it even started.  i think he meant too loud... though the previews for frog princess and that somewhat creepy computer-animated guinea pig and gerbil aciton movie may have been enough to creep him out.

it breaks my heart because the kid loves movies, but he lives a pretty quiet life... and he's used to them on our little tv that isn't very loud in the least... he handled wall-e well at the drive in, and madagascar well at the theater in the next town over, but i suspect the theater in our city is too loud for his little ears (and frankly mine too)... or maybe he just passed some threshhold of emotional/sensory memory and with the earlier movies, he hadn't reached that threshhold yet... but now the imagery in the previews was enough to trigger newly-sensitive sensibilities. definitely a noggin scratcher.
yeah what the fuck is up with that gerbil crap? saw that trailer before coraline (which i went to on my own, at 3pm on a saturday, and thus felt like a paedo)
might take him along. he's never been to the movies before, now that he's started to get the hang of not pissing himself, it might be time
down votes away!

i'm sure up is a great film, pixar is pretty solid, but, rt is gonna have great reviews because most reviewers in the media kiss ass to anything pixar/disney related, and are to scared to do an honest review if something sucks.

which is why, i usually dont read reviews and just see a damn movie it it looks good. 
me and my friend went to go see it, by the end of the intro sequence we were both misty. two 20something guys that like cy&amp;h and 4chan jokes were emotionally decimated by that opening.
personally i rank ratatouille towards the bottom, along with the incredibles. that doesn't mean it isn't a lovely movie, though! i can't wait to see up.
yeah, it hits you pretty hard.  but it's amazing what they're able to accomplish without any words.  classic storytelling.
really?  i just watched a ton of horror movies this weekend that i thought were done really quite well.  the list includes splinter, the signal, severance (not american, as far as i could tell though), behind the mask: the rise of leslie vernon, quarantine, white noise 2. 
fuckin' armond white.
van gundy as paul blart is fantastic
 11 . it's not out in cinemas in the uk until october 16th. fuck you disney.
*spoiler alert* my only negative comment is that they didn't even give the "villain" a chance.  even though it's not my story and i didn't write it, his character at first just seems like an okay guy with some drawn-out mental anguish looking to redeem himself to the world who called him a fraud.

otherwise, great movie, i recommend it in 3d!
the trouble with it is, that with the hollywood publicity machine, and the sophistication of your average entertainment consumer, the remake pushes the original, which is usually a classic, to the back of the shelf, and people actually are duped into thinking the remake is "better" because it'll invariably be loaded with more special effects. 

another thing i don't like is when a movie is remade with a slight variation without any nod to the original story it was ripped from. e.g. steve martin in "leap of faith", pretty much stolen from sinclair lewis's story "elmer gantry" which starred burt lancaster, and was a much deeper movie. 

the guys from deliverance went camping and look what happened to them.  you can learn a lot from movies.
ah, but the scene where anton ego takes his first bite of the ratatouille and drops the pen was one of the best in any film, animated or otherwise.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114898/
hmm... i like all pixar movies but i would say before up...

my favorite was wall-e. and then... probably toy story.

but toy story might be because of nostalgia as well because i saw it when i was much younger.

up and wall-e stand out for me considerably compared to the rest.

and up just outdoes wall-e handily as well. i'm not sure why but up hits emotional chords and takes you through life with those two cute kids that make you go awww and all the way through to what we're all goin to have to deal with one day.

but then it goes a step further as if to say life goes on, there are more smiles to be had.

so yeah up is by far the best for me. not just for pixar actually. probably one of my favorite movies of all time.

so super awesome.
yeah the beginning of up is just amazing. you're smiling right away as the cute kids meet and are happy for them when they get older and marry but you already know what's coming...

and yeah i thought wall-e was impressively tear-jerking for a pixar flick but up takes it to another level.
i think if anyone made it through the first terminator, they can't really argue against plot holes, at all.

terminator 1 synopsis:  terminator sent back in time to kill mother of future leader of human resistance, john connor.

kyle reese sent in after terminator to defend mother of john.  whoops, turns out kyle reese is actually john connor's father.  terminator 1 was an "hasta la vista" to any future terminator movie having coherence.  so i say, why not just ignore the plot holes, which are going to be in every terminator movie by default, and enjoy the flick.
i thought it was great. did anybody else immediately pick up on the star wars references?
with the exception of the signal i thought you were joking. 
the narratives of t1 and t2 hold together on their own fairly well, it's just when you put them together that it starts to fall apart. the first was a paradox, but the rules of the paradox remained intact. but given the rules of the world introduced, the characters behave in a logical manner.  that's just not true in t:s.
actually, what i got from the villain is that he's a guy who never moved on, who got stuck in the past thus becoming more bitter, someone that was a mirror to carl if he himself refused to move on to his own adventures. i thought the metaphor of carl literally dragging his past and regret in the shape of a house was pretty awesome. 
it's a kid flick, can't expect too much out of it, unfortunately.
12 .  tpb equalizes all distribution controls.
i disagree, i think pixar and miyazaki, both creators of kids films, have created stories with great moral complexity.  up did kill its villain off rather abruptly, however, but it was only to reinforce the "don't live in the past" message.  miyazaki has only one film i can think of where the bad guy doesn't turn good in the end, castle in the sky.  that film's villain was also an airship guy who fell out of the sky, as well.
i've also noticed that salon is often very contentious and frequently is an outlier on many issues.  does it have that reputation?
joy~
you downvoted the incredibles?
the devil can't pay his mortgage. i had not idea the financial crisis was reaching so far! 
you know, whenever i think about the incredibles i'm always a little incredulous about my own opinion. pixar movies are *all* wonderful and amazing -- but i definitely remember the incredibles leaving me cold. i haven't seen it since it came out, though, and i really ought to give it another shot.
fair enough.

hope you do give it another shot. i really enjoy the style of it, plus the music.
in other news, 2% of movie reviewers have no hearts.
hell, whatever happened to stretch armstrong?
good analysis. i love hearing stuff like that.
you've got to review movies within their own genre. most horror movies are atrocious.
i combine rt and metacritic. rt tells me if it's a good film. metacritic tells me if it'll be fun to watch.
good points, the theme of "now start a new adventure" does trump all, and i like it.
stop that right this minute! go to the theater! it's worth it, go see it on a weekend night with a bunch of friends.
if it weren't for the little source link at the end of reddit's listings, i'd swear this was an onion article.
yes.  i recommend he watch stephen king's *it*.  it will help him sleep and he will enjoy all interactions with clowns afterwards.
i was hoping that the update was that it's cancelled.
i read up until the line about how it was written and directed by "crank" creators and closed the page.
i stayed for michael c. hall, but i still want to know what the fuck he's doing in this movie.

dexter, say it ain't so.
cult kitsch masterpiece?
2.5 hrs of poo?
meh... i could take it or leave it.
never saw it. (do you want to see it or not want to see it? ... for the sake of the reddit poll)
i've never been so torn on my opinion of a movie. it's a lot like how i felt after watching idiocracy... only a little more polar.

half of me wants to call it a masterpiece of satire.... near the apex of what anyone can hope from cult film

the other half wants to say.. i just wasted more than an hour on that piece of shit?

so what say you?

[edit: it's a poll]
that pretty well sums up my feelings too.  it was like he thought donnie darko was too straightforward and unambiguous and decided to make one that would really divide people.
i thought that the hero/villain physical confrontation was hack. i am soooo bored with movies resolving conflict with a fist fight.
it's ok to go on wild adventures with old men.
and then he populated it with actors who didn't seem to understand what they were doing, delivering all the lines with gravity, because they assumed they were deep.
this movie was a pile of garbage.  i don't understand why everyone has such a boner for richard kelly.  southland tales was terrible.  domino was a joke (i realize he only wrote that one...still no excuse) and donnie darko, though i loved it when i watched it stoned in college, gets worse every time i see it.  he probably directs a mean music video but his movies are trash.  
&gt; 5. what’s the best time for a bathroom break?

most important question
it seems like it's going to be more of a prequel than a remake. maybe it will explain the origin of the ship where the nostromo crew finds the eggs in the first movie.
i didn't know what to expect but was familiar with pkd's [flow my tears, the policeman said](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flow_my_tears,_the_policeman_said) so it was surprising and fun to see parts of that story used. the casting of snl alums fit with taverner's celebrity status and memory loss from *flow my tears*. i thought timberlake was good and the music video was downright awesome. all told it was ambitious, if disjointed.

there is a web site at [southlandtales.com](http://southlandtales.com/) that is still up. it used to have lots of interesting stuff but is just pimping the [prequel book](http://www.amazon.com/southland-tales-prequel-richard-kelly/dp/0936211806/ref=wl_it_dp?) now.
i don't know what to say either. i didn't not like it but it took me three days to watch it. i kept stopping it and going to another movie.  
seemed pretty disjointed to me as well. some good scenes, and some good moments, but did't ever really string a long sequence of them together. 
if (and only if) the entire film was meant as an enormous joke on the film industry and viewing audiences, then it was abso-fucking-lutely brilliant.  an all-star cast of snl yucks delivering quasi-spiritualist nonsense pap at an absolute deadpan while whites and grays wash out the world in a foggy haze; the goddamned rock is a tripped out hole in the universe; and there's a sexy nurse/beer-on-head music video covering (if i remember correctly) mcclusky halfway through?

fuck, that's hilarious as hell and brilliant in the way that the filmmaker made the whole thing seem dead serious and honest in its intentions as an intellectual journey and spiritual metaphor for. . . something.

---

on the other hand, if the film *was* meant to be serious and the director/writer wasn't being satirical or fucking with us at all, it was one of the worst things ever committed to film in the history of hollywood and he should be drug out in the street and shot lest someone take him seriously.
stop just stop.
indeed it does. it just seems strange to see disney support piracy in this way. oh well.
[leon: the professional](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlbsdqa5dtu#t=01m56s)

edit: and what's your excuse for not having seen it yet?
wow. i have seen this, and it is my wife's favorite movie. i don't know why i forgot such a badass scene. the gif seemed familiar. thanks.
you know, i think you may be right about the music video bit. it seems all the best parts of southland tales could be boiled down to a concept music video. 
one of the best philip . dick inspired movies ever.

not all the concepts worked, but anyone who's a fan of dick's work can see how much it owes to his books, ideas and themes.
miyazaki's films are kid films? really? such greatness deserves to be placed in its own category.

thank you for the insight, never thought of the movie that way.
the policeman in southland tales saying "flow my tears" almost made me cry it was so corny.
i watched it, decided it sucked, read the prequel comic, watched it again and decided it was terrible. then i took a whole load of drugs and watched it again and it was awesome.
dragged

http://www.grammarerrors.com/grammar.html

/grammar nazi
i felt pretty much the same way when i first saw it, but i think i've eventually come down on the side of thinking that it ultimately failed at *whatever* it was trying to do.
agreed. it was the first movie i have seen to really capture what a pkd book is, not just the plot. most of the pkd movies i have seen (that actually try to use the source material...) try to create a cohesive story line, which ends up discarding most of the original. thing is, that's what you need in a movie, which southland tales proves. interesting movie nonetheless.
i always thought that, during this scene, gary oldman either took it upon himself or was so directed to almost dance or waltz as if to his character's private beethoven. there are a couple of moments of choreographed camerawork which always stood out and drew me into the movie. it is a distressing scene but i'm always totally drawn in to oldman's character's state of mind; i'm "with him" on his murderous dance through the family's apartment. it's fascinating to watch and this makes it so much more shocking. oldman is outstanding in this role. i wish i could remember who i loaned my dvd to because i have't seen it in ages.

to the op, get it watched!
i personally liked it a great deal. i can understand why you would hate it though. it's very hate-able. 
not taking itself seriously away from being the greatest parody ever.
it was the killers, obviously. "i got soul but i'm not a soldier"

(well, i got ham, but i ain't a hamster)
i thought that it was thoroughly excellent. utterly mind-bending, and the rock really did 'confused and gibbering' superbly. every minute it went on i was more and more like "what. the. fuck?".

i like how you don't have everything handed to you on a plate and you have to come out and think about what went on to figure it all out.

really, it's one of my favourite films ever.
dont...have...any...friends
go...by...yourself...will...still...be...fun
i think i'm a pimp. and pimps don't commit suicide
it's 15 minutes of complete gibberish fyi.
moar leon gifs please.
6/10 is generous. i thought it was the worst movie i'd seen in a very long time.
&gt;masterpiece of satire

hmm, i don't know if it was *just* satirizing the idea of an apocalypse in modern times, as ridiculous as that idea is.  the fact that kelly has focused both of his major films on religion indicates that his interests in religion lay deeper than just mocking it.
an awkward watch. reminded me of my movie. completely ambitious but ultimately fails at almost every level. from the script and convoluted plot to the terrible acting and dodgy effects. 
still, like zardoz, you'll forgive it its faults and learn to love it. learn to love it! zardoz has spoken.
it's a giant, burned out clusterfuck that has just enough scattered moments of brilliance that i can't quite stay away from it. like most of you here, i really can't decide if kelly is having us all on or not (jon lovitz as a psycho racist cop? kevin smith dressed as a military gary gygax? is that brilliant or derisive? i really don't know), but either way, it's a big, freewheeling mess that's more or less incomprehensible even if you've read the prequel comics. but, like hobofood said, load up on the psychedelics, and you'll be loving it.
was the southland tales focused on religion?

was donnie darko focused on religion?

am i missing something...?
i'm gonna give it some time... 

i'm leaning that direction... but idiocracy fell that way initially, and over time, i've decided that it was worth the time...

i can't see myself evangelizing about the southland tales, aside from striking up similar conversations in the future... but i can understand if it picks up a vehement cult following.
it felt like a philip k. dick story that got waylayed with a john waters screenplay.

i think the pkd influence helps me appreciate it more than a lot of folks may
i'm quite certain the entire film was meant as essentially an enormous joke ... but perhaps not on the audience... i'm pretty sure the audience was supposed to get it... the problem was a lot of them didn't... so maybe yeah.. a joke on the audience.

but i definitely think there is no possible way it was supposed to be serious.

the question for me is whether the joke worked... i'm pretty sure i got the joke...
that was intentional corniness.. right?

the fact that i couldn't quite tell if some of the more obscure references were intentionally heavy-handed was what makes me so ambivalent.
i enjoyed it because it was a movie that made me think, not the same sort of mind numbing junk that usually comes from hollywood.  

they did have to cut out a decent chunk of the movie to make it a decent length, i'm sure that lead to some of the bewilderment.
i don't get the "incomprehensible" critique... i didn't think there was that much not to get... but apparently i am in the minority on that one.
this was my favorite part.
see... that bit... and the mega-over-the-top narration...

i thought that took a perfectly funny movie and ... well... replaced a punchline i was comfortable with ... replaced it with... 

well...

it turned an anti-joke i thought was pretty damned funny into a anti-anti-joke that i wasn't quite sure about.

it was like someone told him that not enough people were going to get it... so he had to come in and explain it without explaining it... but by then, if you didn't get it, you weren't going to.
i should have said "doesn't make a lick of sense" rather than incomprehensible- it's not so much that it's hard to follow, it's more that the events you're following are so uneven and disjointed. sorry, it's early.
this would definitely be a supurb drug movie...

it ranks up there with the adventures of baron munchausen on the "watch while fucked up" scale.
i am pretty sure that kelly is having us all on... i just can't decide to what extent...

did he make a movie to laugh with us... or a movie to laugh at us?

if the former, i think it worked perfectly...

if the later, i think it backfired painfully.
cool, a movie about dimensional and time travel.
i liked it, it was like an episode of the o.c. directed by david lynch.
i thought it was god awful.  but what do you expect with that cast. terrible follow up film to darko.  don't waist your time, it really is horrible.
you have to read the prequel saga graphic novels to really understand everything, like what that glowing ball was that they kept holding in their hands.
one of the things i like about the movie was how even handed he was with the praise and criticism. he could have easily made the movie a diatribe against republicans, but he made fun of the ultra-liberals too, while giving both groups some honest representation as just human beings.
that's interesting- it never occured to me that the movie might be poking fun at all the semi philosophical stoners that take stuff like this so seriously, but it's a good thought. the over the top nature suggests a certain winking at the camera, and the plot seems tailored to spark dozens of late night rambling conversations. "physics and religion are the same thing, maaan!"

it could go either way, really- he could be one of those stoners, expressing some of those same half baked ideas in film form and having a riot doing it, or he could be making fun of said stoners. i hope he's not mocking, because as you say, the movie doesn't really work if that's the intention.
you're the first person i've encountered who hasn't liked it.  but you can't please everyone, i guess.
severance is rad.  that is all.
cool, a movie about a guy in a red striped sweater.
yeah, i picked up the prequel saga after i watched the movie, definitely helps a lot.   
in fight club he was just acting. i doubt he's really that sexist (also, spell check is good).
yes, yes, and yes.  you need to pay better attention.
i am excited about the moon!
i gave up after watching an hour, and it's not often i'll quit a film halfway through.

the what?
m-o-o-n and that spells moon!
psychological thrillers are my cup of tea.
laws yes
for some reason mcclusky's "my love is bigger than your love" had been substituted into the film in my head.  thanks for the correction :)
i'm not convinced that's the case... they have a metaphysical thing going... and they use a lot of religious allusions and imagery... but i don't think i'd say they focus on religion.

could you explain please.
how so though... ? the movie made me think too...

but it wasn't the plot or even the theme that had my mind churning... it was the question of how seriously the movie was taking itself and how seriously i was supposed to be taking the movie. 

it was "ooh reeally deep and sooo funny" ... but to what extent that sentiment is sarcastic is where my mind gets hung up.
southland tales was essentially the book of revelation told in a modern setting.  every character was based on a figure from that book, except perhaps santaros, who could be seen as a red herring christ figure.  or maybe he's john, but i see the justin timberlake character as being closer to john.  [read this](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405336/faq#.2.1.1).

donnie darko was the story of christ told in a modern setting.  similar premise, and not as well done as the other.  less explicitly religious, but it's still there.
what if you do? what if you don't? any suggestions? 

btw, you've given the standard picture of wwi that i've always held, but it turns out there was lots of "creative combat" with hand to hand fighting with knives and clubs even. it wasn't all sitting around waiting for the next shell to drop. there were attacks across no man's land, and after taking the first objective, things got chaotic and "creative". 

this actual face to face combat is the traditional horror of war, and it's not fully appreciated when it comes to wwi, i think. 
i can't wait for this movie! i really enjoyed twilight, and this one is going to just be such a good sequel.
cool, all that looking is done for you. 
i can't wait for the sequel this fall, *new moon*!
no... i caught that... i understand the movie... and the heavy-handed narration made the tie to revelation clearer than i thought it needed to be...of course i have a pretty good handle on that piece of scripture having grown up in an evangelical church... so maybe that is not a fair critique. 

however:
first, to accuse it of being "the story of revelation" (or for richard kelly to claim it is such) requires a very shallow reading of revelation... and seems to take kelly's story a bit too much at face value.

and second, basing some elements of a story on a book in the bible does not mean the story focuses on religion... that is, religious matters are not the theme of the movie ... it makes heavy use of religious allusion to tell a story that ultimately has little to do with religion.

and as far as donnie darko goes... yeah... christ-figures are a literary device... one that apparently richard kelly is fond of using.

if there is one critique of these two movies, it is that kelly needlessly obfuscates plot points that are vital to the story while brow beating us with explanations to plot points that would be better handled with some subtlety. 

and not only plot points... even in how he tells the story...he uses incredible subtlety with some allusions and references that are already easy to miss.. all the while he hits us over the head with other, more infantile allusions and references. 

it's like he assumes his viewer slept through high school and woke up in the middle of grad school... and that we're complete morons who already know exactly what he is thinking. 

what i think is far more likely is that he writes a pretty good story with bits and pieces that are a little sketchy at the time he writes the screenplay or begins to film the movie, that he fills in as he films or after the movie is done and someone asks him about plot points he never really thought to much about.

meanwhile, the more universally understood elements story get driven so far that they begin to make the viewer feel really uncomfortable (whether this is intentional is uncertain) and the subtle nuance and uncertainty that would make these stories easy to appreciate get swept under by his otherwise heavy hand.

but maybe i'm looking at it too closely.
i stopped it and deleted it after the first 20 minutes.
not at all, that was a perfect description of it!  i didn't say i liked either of them, just that they focused on religion.  i thought it was quite full of itself.  and quite sure of the brilliance of its own ideas, which i thought were banal and juvenile.  i thought this was great:

&gt;it's like he assumes his viewer slept through high school and woke up in the middle of grad school... and that we're complete morons who already know exactly what he is thinking.

i'm going to use that the next time i see a story that is wrongly convinced of its own genius.
you have a point so good it got you an upvote!
(all these things that i've done is the name. that's just the bridge)
especially when the fucking movie actually becomes a music video! this movie was worse than donnie darko, more pseudo-intellectual piddling that feigns intelligence and yet never actually effectively satirizes or comments on anything. and when it does, it's not original in any sense of the word. and i really hate those comparing it to philip k. dick. yes, it was inspired by dick, but so was paycheck. that doesn't make it automatically good. i think philip k. dick would have hated this garbage personally.
once upon a time in america
i think it was great. funny and some of the best dialogue i've watched in a while. i can't claim to understand what it was about though. 

&gt;we’re a bisexual nation living in denial. all because of a bunch of nerds. a bunch of nerds who got off a boat in the 15th century and decided that sex was something to be ashamed of. all the pilgrims did was ruin the american indian orgy of freedom.
ah, most of the time i subconsciously ignore how seriously the movie is taking itself.   for some reason my mind focuses on the details of the set and the point that the movie is trying to get across.  i rarely notice how people are acting out the movie.    
for this reason i can't stand the college humor/pot smoking movies. 
i would think he directed their acting a little more than letting them deliver their lines however they wanted.  that is, after all, a large part of what a director does.
what else was she in other than the craft and waterboy?

also, my brother cant stand her either, so, ur not alone.
you must have enjoyed his performance in both charlies angels movies then. 

i cant really agree with you though, i find him so unimposing, and inocuous that i really find nothing about his acting, or look to be so good or bad as to be comitted into my memory positively or negatively.
am i the only one who doesnt get this?
"thor writer aims for realism" that says it all.
revolver was better
it's from troll 2, quite possibly the worst and most entertaining movie ever made.
have you seen "river's edge"?
hey, i'm not claiming that dmth is in some way *objectively* good, or better than the movies you've named, some of which i like a great deal (but not *donnie darko* -- do yourself a favor and never watch that with the richard kelly/jake gyllenhall commentary that came on the original dvd version).  and i *am* sorry that you're out $50 on a movie you didn't like.  so i'll overlook the whole "regurgitating zombie drone evil dead fan boy" snipe.  but the movie is what it is, and apparently a lot of the people who managed to see beyond the misleading ad campaign like it for just that.

here's what i *will* say about the movie, and you're totally welcome to look at it as a potentially redeeming point of view or dismiss it as total bollocks.  the plot is totally standard horror story fare -- you could probably track down the major plot points to well-known pulp authors of the 20s and 30s.  there's almost certainly some algernon blackwood in there, just as the *evil dead* movies were heavily influenced by lovecraft.  but that's one of the things i love about both movies: they revel in a kind of story that's fallen out of fashion (and which *evil dead* helped usher back into fashion).  on top of that are two elements which push the film beyond its influences.  one is raimi's sense of the comedic in the standard tropes of the horror genre.  the constant "jump scares" in the movie may startle one or two people in the theater into an embarrassed scream, but for the most part it's raimi's glee at making it happen that shines through.  the other is the characterization, which looks to me, as i've said elsewhere, like a new development in raimi's style.  christine is a thoroughly boring character, but there are enough hints about her past there that an audience member who is interested in doing so can look further into it and drag some depth out of the character.  it doesn't make her any more likable, but it does make the progression of her descent less rote and more interesting.  the same, to a certain extent, goes for stu and clay.

**spoilers**
basically, while it's possible to see christine as the victim who made one mistake and repents of it later, the hints at her past also make it possible to read her as the sort of person who is willing to do anything to transcend her origins.  she wants to become a different person, so she changes her physique, the way she talks, even her willingness to help others.  one of the most telling scenes, it seems to me, is the one where she changes clay's mother's opinion about her.  if you're not focussing on the subtext about christine's character, it looks like a really mundane scene in which the mother's character is redeemed and christine triumphs over the sort adversity you'd expect from a romantic comedy.  but their commonality is more like a premonition -- clay's mom is the sort of person christine is in danger of becoming.  and that's exactly when the lamia starts to torment her again, despite her having only just attempted to pacify it with a sacrifice.  ultimately, christine isn't being punished for holding an old woman to the terms of a bank loan; she's being punished for deliberately making herself into a wretched person.
is it an adaptation from the video game?
maybe if it was a porno, i'd watch it. 
i was thinking it might have been a photoshop.

[i was wrong](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090860/).

(also, 3.4 stars on imdb? that's pretty bad.)
i bet that is a film that [vern](http://outlawvern.com/) would enjoy.
i want me time back just for thinking about watching it
starring john "luke duke" schneider!
not to be a d*ck, but schneider played bo.
that would be cool but i would say unlikely because the derelict ship was extraterrestrial. i don't see hollywood doing an alien on alien movie with no human characters involved. it could be cool but i don't see that possible. 

i expect they'll find a way to have some exploration ship or something running into the alien homeworld before ripley ever did encounter them and just tying that up to weyland-yutani and maybe some space marines.  
good luck with that.
&gt; don't be ellis.

i try to live every day up to that standard.
nowadays they have trailers to show how awesome the movie is. 

for the poster they'll just do the floating heads and thats it.
look at those explosions!!!
"one man against the worlds' drug armies"

the drug armies of multiple worlds?! i'm in!
it could be [worse](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077834/).
and guys yelling! gotta' have guys yelling!
my cock grew a beard after looking at that. 
i agree.  i was an awesome flick.  best film since (and might be better than) "28 days later".

i screamed proabably a dozen times throughout, and i'm 6'0', 300 pds.  crazy.

raimi was born for horror.
he wants real gang members in his movie? the original production crew routinely received threats and found vandalism on their set from local gangs.
are you sure? i thought bo was tom wopat?
schneider was bo
laser blast was only good when mst3k did it. 
you know its good when its on vhs. and only vhs.
why on earth are they remaking total recall? are there no new science fiction novels? 

peter hamilton has some fantastic sci-fi action/adventure novels, as do dozens of others. this continual rehashing is not good.
i'm so very, very, very tired of remakes.  it's getting to the point where i'll take a mediocre b movie with an original plot over almost any a-list flick remaking something that has no business being remade.
warriors! come out and plaaay-aaayy!
pffft, is there a world where cocaine is not king?
what could possibly go wrong?
always remember ... 

[cool guys don't look at explosions](http://link.brightcove.com/services/player/bcpid6555681001?bctid=24835989001)

[they blow shit up and then walk away](http://link.brightcove.com/services/player/bcpid6555681001?bctid=24835989001)
i would check it out.  the first scream was released at the perfect time for me - 14 or 15 i believe.  
i've ... seen that movie.
i would too...but it will most likely be horrible.
kids, that is exactly what it feels like to be on cocaine.
it will be a battle royal of gangsters.  they should just put it on as a ppv event.
queue: a series of objects or people arranged in a line, or the process of organizing such a line.

cue: a signal indicating the time for an event to begin, or the process of giving such a signal.
as an aspiring artist in middle school, i really wanted to grow up and draw the cover of trashy novels and b movies. 

this cover art makes me nostalgic for what could have been. 
it's based on a short story, so i don't see how it's a re-make. frankenstein has had tons of versions, it doesn't take away from the good versions that there are a ton of bad ones.
i could use a little more scarring...but that's just me.
a bit well fed for the part, nes pas?
and how was it?
arrr... and me pot of gold back too!
all the cameras and other equipment will mysteriously vanish and everyone will get mugged, and if they have any hot actresses they'll be raped or at least harassed constantly. they wont have 100k members from the same gang, so there will be rivalries. 100k gang members is enough to take over a state, they'll need the national guard to maintain peace.
no. the original movie was fine.
i agree, if for this line alone.  after the predator has killed his buddy, he sits in the dark, moonlight streaming through the forest canopy, rocking back and forth over his friends body, drinking from a whiskey flask...  and slowly delivers this gem:

"here we are again bro... just you and me. same kind of moon, same kind of jungle. real number ten, remember... whole platoon, thirty two men chopped into meat... we walk out, just you and me, nobody else. right on top, huh? not a scratch... not a fuckin' scratch. you know who ever got you, he'll come back again. and when he does i'm gonna cut your name, right into him... i'm gunna cut your name, right into him."
no, worse:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0451109/
why are they all doing this at the same time? did some one call in the order for this phase of the operation towards a people who gives the academy award to the movie "ass?" all we get are cartoons and remakes and helicopters exploding? reminds me of 80's hair metal. something in the film industry has to change.
where's he gonna get his cocaine, when he wins?
wait until he tells them they all have to dress up like baseball players, or wear whiteface and suspenders, or day-glo purple vests. that ought to be amusing.
how about a space:1999 movie? 

why do i get this image of a hollywood exec going to borders, walking around without touching a book, then saying "nah, nothing interesting here. let's go to blockbuster and see what hasn't been optioned yet..."

or maybe just a search on imdb:

**year produced:** from 1977 to 1995

**genre:** science fiction

**gross receipts:** &gt;$50m or 2x budget

[search]
america, fuck yeah!
in the original film, the gangs were played by men who looked like dancers.  very graceful, in excellent shape, and gay.  take a look at the way the main fury swings his bat.  he's playing for the other team.
or raising arizona. the man definitely has acting talent, he just usually does movies that would be bad no matter who would have starred. the new werner herzog movie with mr. cage looks like it might have potential. 
clink.. clink... clink... clink...
agreed. ruin that face.
i don't want to know what they meant by come out and play…
i agree that hamilton's books are awesome, but i don't think they would translate well into movies.  i remember hamilton saying in a interview that the only way he could see the night's dawn trilogy being made into a movie is when technology is advanced enough for a computer to read the script and spit out a "perfect" movie - and that would be one hell of a long movie.

i do think the night's dawn would make a badass role-playing game though.

actually the more i think about it, his early greg mandel novels might make pretty fun movies.  stuff like fallen dragon is just too complicated to translate into film.

some of greg bear's books, on the other hand could translate pretty well.  i think blood music would make an excellent movie.
i was actually thinking of the mindstar books. very cyber punkish and they seem very on-point concerning the changing weather patterns as well as social patterns. 

plenty of good payback action and adventure. i think it would be a snap to do the necessary effects and cgi for that, too.


night's dawn was a read once and shelve set for me. fallen dragon and pandora? too intricate.
haha, that was my thought, too.  especially around the eye.

i'm just relieved they didn't totally wuss out and make it barely noticeable, though.

edit:  http://tengu-pro.onenexus.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2007/04/jonh-cv21-solicitation.jpg  - after comparison to this, i gotta say, josh brolin's eye on that side does not look nearly crazy enough.
ya they were really pretty fun books.  i only read them once, might go back and re-read them soon.

personally, i loved the hell out of night's dawn.  just floored me the first time through.  re-read the whole thing a couple of months ago and loved it the second time too.  that universe really does have some unbelievable potential - where else is a fight between werewolves in 1930's clothing and cyber-astronaut dudes on a biological, sentient spaceship a completely plausible scenario? ;)

/i wanna be an edenist, dammit.
maybe they're gonna use computer effects to make it look worse/better? it doesn't seem like something that would need it, but movies these days tend to throw that stuff around.
""total recall" was resurrected for remake earlier this year by the studio and producer neal moritz and his original films banner."

the irony, it burns.
"get your ahsz to mahz!"
that certainly does have an appeal. 

have you read any books by daniel keyes moran? they are also very good. standalone sentient ais, implantable computers with "wifi." good deal of action and, i find this more and more, a dislike of the french and the un. ;-)
&gt; have you read any books by daniel keyes moran?

not yet, but i will, always looking out for new authors to read, thanks for the recommendation!
agreed.
now that they're all on about remaking movies i actually remember the original versions of i can see why people get super pissed at hollywood when they hear "remake".
i've read the available continuing time books. excellent stuff.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_keys_moran
hehe, i was just reading that, i love this part..

&gt;daniel keys moran’s continuing time stories cover an abnormally large number of standard sf/f themes and story devices. there are multiple universes, time travel, cyberpunk, alien invasions, martial arts, dance, paganism, the politics of world government, an interesting twist on non-violent protest, and any number of everyday technologies that were unheard of in 1985 but are surprisingly common today.

i *definitely* have to check him out.
...are you a pirate or a leprechaun? or both?
i've about worn out my copies. he had some dispute with the publisher and hasn't gotten the last two out. i keep hoping some bright editor will snatch them up. my copy of the long run is held together with rubber bands.
my copy of nuetronium alchemist is held together with packaging tape.  other than my hardcover naked god it's the only original i still have from my first time reading it - i gave em out to friends and bought new copies.  i think i've bought the reality dysfunction seven times now :)
i don't know that there even are 100,000 gang members in the l.a. area.
at lease it isn't a remake?
what an awful website and, even worse, what an awful excuse for "fullscreen" video.
doncha be fookin' wit de leprechaun pirates, boy-o.
please remake the "running man", it is so bad and needs to be updated.  
serious!!!?  i've been dying for this.
i just caught this the other day. it's on the dvd for burden of dreams, which is a classic in its own right.
i actually really like brolin as an actor.
loved army of darkness...didn't think i would enjoy this...i did...i guess i haven't grown up that much.

good to know.
he wants to put them on a bridge too, i just imagine this headline. "10,000 gang members thrown from bridge, thousands stabbed shot or beaten, dir. tony scott missing." 
do you realize that, at one point in development, total recall was supposed to star richard dreyfus?  i kid you not.  he was meant to be kind of a walter mitty type who worked in an office.

what they ended up with bore almost no relationship at all to the original story, and was so completely a result of casting schwarzenegger that there's really no point in remaking the film with someone else.

same deal w terminator, btw, which was originally meant to star lance henrikson. the original idea was not so much that the terminator would just blow through all obstacles in a straight line for your throat.  it was more that it was someone you'd never notice until it suddenly stepped out of the crowd and killed you. cameron actually did concept art of henrikson in the iconic shot with the facial damage revealing the endoskeleton.

amazing what casting arnold in a film does to the premise, isn't it?
i was hoping for at least a crazy solid white contact lens or something.
this is a man of principle.
i always find it fascinating when werner herzog makes the front page of reddit. nevertheless, this man is brilliant.
can you dig it?
wanna guess why he had bottles handy?
looks good. i'm going to be on the lookout for this one.
if you have netflix, they have it on dvd but also streaming :)
yes, yes i can.
props for actually going through with something like that.

"one does not eat the bones of a chicken".

quick think'n, herzog!
(sound of breaking glass)

owwww!  owwww!  my finger, where the hell is my finger!!!!!
megan fox.  she's hot, she knows it, and she wants everybody else to know as well.
that's it. that's the great monologue. and a lot of actors couldn't do that so well and many of the ones who can, wouldn't. in a movie like that, they'd mail it in. but bill duke has very rare intensity.

i'm also a fan of one other single line.

jesse "the body" has fairly recently been killed and arnold says to bill "mac, he was a good soldier".

and bill says "he was... my friend".

have you ever seen the deleted scene from conan the barbarian? arnold's monologue to subotai about the last twenty years of his life? it's on the dvd. it used to be on youtube but isn't right now. it's the best scene in the entire movie and they deleted it.
except your muscles are bigger, your batch has bigger tits, and there's more blood coming out of your nose.
glad to see stranger than fiction on there, it's by far my favorite will ferrell film.
great interview with some nice insight into creative or non creative competition.
watch it here:
http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&amp;videoid=5454545
my top three will ferrell movies are:

elf &amp; stranger than fiction.


a've nevah evan been to mahz.
i stand corrected.
coming next! top three flesh eating diseases!
well i mean besides that, everything should go smoothly. 
he's been in 3 good movies?
anchorman yeah!!!!!!
francis for coppola should never have had any moves made after 1983.

this dude is going to talk about other people being greedy and that's why the godfather had parts 2 &amp; 3?  did he go back in time and remove himself as a producer on those films and i missed it?
no - it's something i've been meaning to do as well. why do they care what you do in your free time?
i'm not worried about starring in a horror movie, but about being one of the only quasi-important side characters who is given only just enough time on screen to establish their name before they are horribly murdered. at least if you star there is some chance you'll make it out alive. 
i'm not too big on will ferrell comedies but stranger than fiction is great.  he was a good character in winter passing too.  i like when he is a little more serious...and i pretty much hate when he isn't.
...except, godfather pt. ii was the best one...
why would they remake *total recall*? that was only...holy f***. that was 19 *years* ago!? god, i've wasted my life.
it's also up on youtube somewheres if you search for it.
and remove his daughter's appalling performance from part 3 while he's at it.
dude where's my car did it first.
must have been those other greedy people who came up with the brilliant idea of george hamilton rather than robert duvall.
trick question?
no, cheech and chong did it first (and best).
hey you pigs, give us a push!
to be completely fair the comedic landscape has been *so* anemic for the past several years the apparent fact that 'the hangover' manages to succeed at exactly what it sets out to do makes it appear several magnitudes greater than other fare. 

not that there haven't been funny movies, but not since "the 40 year-old virgin" has there been anything that really *pops* the way 'the hangover" seems to. 

it's not just about originality; it's about dialogue, chemistry (possible to predict but very unstable), and overall willingness to push the premise as far as it can go, and even though i haven't seen it everything i've seen about this movie tells me it manages to at least rise above the hoi poloi. 
mess up the eye (blind it if possible) and really lay on the scarring. 

remember, this isn't some pretty boy action hero, he's supposed to be scarred enough so that people are literally shocked to see him. 

this guy doesn't look like he'd have a problem getting a date, and he really shouldn't. he's supposed to be just over the line between "rugged and dangerous" scars and "shit that guy was in a bad accident" scars. 
this reminds me.

in the movie the rules of attraction, one of the characters is sean bateman played by james van der beek, younger brother of patrick bateman from american psycho. patrick was written in to do some scenes but bale didn't want to reprise his role so they got casper van dien to replace him. eventually though the scenes were cut from the movie. the point is, there could have been a second movie featuring johnny rico as patrick bateman talking to his younger brother dawson leery. 

*psshhhhhhh* 


consider it blown.
i used to follow ebert very closely, but i noticed a disturbing review.  he recommended the mummy:  tomb of the dragon emperor (the best in the series! he says).

but i did see the mummy, and it was nearly unwatchable - the absolute worst wide-release movie i have seen in years (and possibly the worst sequel to a series i like that i've ever seen - i can't decide if that 'honor' belongs to this or indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal shits).  there were times where i was in awe of what i was watching, bowled over by the special effects that paled in comparison to the dregs of sci-fi channel exclusive movies, the acting that wasn't there, the jokes that fell flat and then imploded, the rambling incoherent plot and muddled editing... it'd be hard for me to even call it a movie, really.

then he panned star trek which is one of the best sci-fi movies of the last decade, easily crushing the new star wars trilogy.

so i'm sorry ebert, but please forgive me if i read your future reviews with a touch of skepticism.  i know you've had a lot of personal issues over the past few years and i don't fault you for that at all, but you've lost your touch.
he liked knowing. i believed him. i watched it. i paid money to watch it. oh god. oh god. ohgodohgodohgodohgodohgodohgod. cage. whyyyyyyyy?????!!!!
not just liked it, he gave it a four out of four.  i was going to mention that, but i haven't seen knowing so i can't confirm firsthand that it's a steaming pile or not.
imagine showing  an incredibly intelligent person proof of past catastrophes , but he doesnt believe you even though you fucking proved it a second ago. not only that but he goes back to this fuckin asshole to try to prove it to him again. fuck!!! 

then, theres a scene capable of the legendary scene lengths from 'children of men'. but then our hero runs over to a huge plane crash, ignores a man on fire only to start kicking another man on fire. there is also a huge fire 6 inches from his face, but he seems to be fireproof. gawd. 

awesome plane crash.......shoulda hit nicolas cage
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u981jhkk46o
pow!
two and a half stars out of four isn't a panning. 
brad neely did amazing work for the now-defunct superdeluxe.com, but you can still see his excellent cartoons and such here now: http://www.creasedcomics.com
i have made it a personal practice never to trust anyone on a movie review. even my best friends have been flat out wrong. 

not all movies are going to be the **best**, and i realized that. all i want is to be entertained enough to get my $$ worth, and buy it when it comes out on dvd.
movie reviewers need drug testing.
really? i've seen the trailer a few times now and i have to say it looks about a million other shit movies i've seen recently.

i'm still not paying to see it. i'm willing to be proven wrong- but i'm not paying for the experiment.
johnny five could have read this article in two nanoseconds.
yes, but can it ever be as good as the original without steve guttenberg?
that answer is resoundingly "no."  
i thought that was exactly what it deserved. it was solid entertainment but nothing special or all that new. plus, the plot holes were numerous.
geez, the way people in the film industry talk about avatar gives me chills.
i sure hope it's a gritty reboot with a lot of cgi and the voice of christian bale. 
i am getting to the point where i am annoyed with smith (personally), but his movies continue to be pretty funny.
why mess with perfection?
arg someone had an opinion that was different than mine.
the other thing is...do you redesign the robot?  do you change the voice?  because at that point, it's barely short circuit.  johnny 5's personality is the movie.
i haven't believed a single review of his since he [hated fight club](http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?aid=/19991015/reviews/910150302/1023) but [loved crash](http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?aid=/20050505/reviews/50502001/1023)
seriously.  they'd be better off just stealing the story and characters and hope nobody notices the similarity.
stop it you remake motherfuckers, just stop!  karate kid, nightmare on elm street, short circuit....wtf, guys?
well i'm married to one of the people who think its silly. but dammit, i *enjoy* bogart. :-p
ebert on fight club:

&gt; if it had all continued in the vein explored in the first act, it might have become a great film. but the second act is pandering and the third is trickery

sounds about right. i always found fc overrated anyway. and what do you not like about crash?
zach galifianakis, for the win!
fuck what ebert or any other critic says, i will see this movie just because "andy" from the office is funny as hell.
http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/2bush/ever_wonder_what_johnny_5_has_been_up_to/

i found a script like a year ago.
i hope they make a dark and frightening short circuit, but keep the cliché indian guy. you always need the cliché indian/black guy to kill in a horrible way.
"breaking" doesn't really work for stories about people dying.  a breaking story is one in progress whose details and outcome are slowly revealed.  dead people are dead and stay that way.
just fucking stop it. seriously.
the site gives a dead link to the script. do you know anywhere else it could be found?
i think they know what they are doing. are there more dumb rednecks who enjoy a typical horror than there are sophisticats.
this could be interesting. i saw the original again a few months ago and it is pretty dated
is hollywood out of good scifi movie ideas? no. they are out of the balls to make something new. fucktards.
fuck man. why does hollywood insist on feeding me raped versions of my childhood?
los locos kick your ass, los locos kick you face, los locos kick your balls into out.er.spaaaace!
again hollywood proves that they are out of original ideas.
need more input!
yes, yes it does.
"if you ever wanted to see tracy morgan dressed as a cell phone riding a bike and being chased by a pit bull, here’s your chance!"  finally!
&gt; "...ed helms from the office..."

ftfy
it's not the first time alice in wonderland was done with an all-star cast. the [1999 made-for-tv version](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0164993/) had a pretty impressive cast, too.

of course, perhaps even more interesting is the cast of the [1985 made-for-tv version](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088693/fullcredits#cast), which included sammy davis jr., pat morita, john stamos, ringo starr, beau bridges, patrick duffy and merv griffin, amongst others.
and ally sheedy!  raarrrw.
also seen in "the daily show"
i think forgetting sarah marshall and knocked up had their moments as well.
crash was fantastic and i experienced a let down part way through fight club.
&gt;he recommended the mummy: tomb of the dragon emperor (the best in the series! he says).

hahahahahahahhahfahahahahrthahahaha oh god.  worst. in. series. easily. that is taking into account the cgi half scorpion the rock as well.
*gone with the wind* was a tearjerker?  i had no idea.  it never occurred to me to shed a tear for scarlett o'hara, that horrid, shallow bitch.  oh--or were we supposed to cry for melanie?  that's plausible, actually.
they'll probably go with the current remake/reboot tendency of making things "realistic", "dark" and "gritty".

johnny five begins.
dude where's my car did *nothing* first.
plenty of good sci-fi books out there waiting to be adapted to hell by hollywood.


please do the first hyperion book as a trilogy, please, please!
yeah, i've been excited about this for a while. 
this is great news. it means i'll be able to find the original movies in a set for 3 dollars at wal-mart.
it should be done like the new terminator. 90% action. car chases, explosions, rampaging robots, and one-liners.
what we really need is he-man visits the uncanny valley
you know, it's been a while since i saw it so i can't say specifically.  i remember that the storyline with the hispanic father and daughter was really good, but that the rest of the movie was so ridiculously unrealistic, as far as how the characters thought and acted.

but through the entire thing, and for weeks afterward, i was shocked that anyone thought it was a good movie, especially how it was supposed to be commentary on racism.  american history x gave us so much more on that topic, as well as being a really interesting movie to boot.
because hollywood is creatively bankrupt.  they are not interested in producing art, they are interested in producing products that suck dollars out of people's wallets.  that's the whole point of the "2", "3", and  all of the "remake" movies.
i'm so fucking sick of remakes and rehashes. i wish the production companies would buy some original scrips and make some good movies for a while. thanks.
what hollywood needs is an original idea. i grow tired of remakes and reboots. these are my biggest pet peeve. however, i also grow tired of the fact that movies need to seemingly need to be based on a book, tv show, or video game. while these aren't bad things, they shouldn't be the majority.

and when hollywood does try out something "new" my hope is that, while an original idea, it is not based on some formula like most comedies or (more specifically) romantic comedies are.
they will probably do something stupid and make sean connery the voice of johnny 5. or worse, johnny knoxville. 
i kind of hope for something so ridiculously bad that this one becomes unintentionally funny, and connery would fit the bill.  "five.  johnny five."
it was an adaptation that actionized a pkd short story. a bit silly to have an outrage over a remake.
hot damn!
[+ crispin glover](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1014759/)
that shows you the importance of ideas and writers. hollywood is full of people with incredible skills, but not many people can sell a great new idea -it's just too hard without the luck factor. most people with good ideas get consumed by the system.

but there are tons of low budget flicks [you've probably never heard of](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1010342/) that don't go on to become terminator or evil dead. you should go to festivals if you're sick of all this crap.
fffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
i think it's cuz they market it to appeal to adolescents, thus garnering more sales, which is why it seems like shit from the trailer. you can't really judge a film by its trailer, but i feel ya.
helen a carter and johnny deppe. who would have guessed. 
and a jaberwocky that not only scared the shit out of me as a kid, but pretty much all children in the 80's
false.
here comes the ridiculous "gun kata".
i asked about [mr. fusion](http://www52.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=mr.+fusion) with no luck. maybe it hasn't been [invented](http://bttf.wikia.com/wiki/mr._fusion) yet?
thanks for that! i have never been to a film festival before. perhaps i should!
true enough. actually, as i recall, that two-part tv-movie had pretty damn good production values for a tv show at the time. the acting (and singing) might've been cheesy ("how do ya' do... shake haaaaaands..."), but they did a great job bringing the locale of wonderland to life. and yeah, that jabberwocky was damn scary at the time.
it looks intense, but i'm not sure if there's much of another story to tell after the first one. 

is it just me or does this have flop written all over it?

edit: i'm just saying, hbc's cgi oversized head has serious potential to be next year's blue penis.
it's a star trek movie, expect swiss cheese and just enjoy the ride
i am legend was more of a tear jerker than these movies.
i did enjoy it. i just agree with roger ebert that it wasn't a very original ride, that's all. and most of the other star trek movies dealt more with philosophical issues, this one was just a pure action movie. which is fine, but that's star wars territory, not star trek. 
when youre trying to find a movie to drop $12 on, though, shouldnt you read reviews from someone who historically *doesnt* have a different opinion from you?

just a thought.
for the longest time i had the memory of the most vivid nightmare/hallucination in my life and i was about 4 or 5 at the time.  (i'm 22, i didn't see it in 85, but probably some rerun of it).

anyways, one night i got out of my bed to get a glass of juice or something, and i walked passed my living room into my kitchen.  i looked into my living room and i shit you not, that fucking jabberwocky was there just staring at me, and that was about the scariest shit ever.

this memory had haunted me forever, getting less and less prevelant as time wore on.  every once and a while something would trigger it and i'd remember that one time the xenomorph-looking thing was in the living room at night.  i couldn't even remember the origin of the nightmare.

a few years ago, i was looking up the jabberwocky poem because of its "vorpal blade" usage, and the name starts to ring a bell for the first time ever.  i decide i must have seen it when i was young, then i remember a version of alice in wonderland where she can't get back through the looking glass and starts to read that poem and it comes up behind her.

i look it up on imdb, and confirm i've found the correct edition because in the forums for the '85 version, just about everyone was scared shitless and has had similar, i'll-never-get-out-of-my-bed-at-night-ever-again nightmares about the damn thing.

so i finally find a copy of it (very difficult nowadays.) that jabberwocky is the dumbest looking piece-of-shit prop ever.  my memory had something closer to ridley scott's xenomorph, than puff the magic dragon.

oh well, good times.
you'll never broaden your mind or your taste that way.
wow this almost makes up for the shitty remake.
so that we can see a new set of three tits, of course. 
the only problem with this movie is the inevitable resurgence in popularity of "in the air tonight" by douchebags playing air drums in bars and parties from coast to coast.
i think they did this last year, and it was called "wall-e".
*titanic*?  seriously?  
but i totally get *it's a wonderful life*.  
not that i'm complaining (because she's always good), but helena carter gets into every single one of burton's movies lately. i guess doing the director over and over and over can get you into a lot of movies... which makes me wonder about burton and depp's relationship.
a tim burton movie starring helena carter and johnny depp - i never would have guessed.
it was just ok until the ending, then i turned to my friend and said "you have to be fucking kidding me". it was like they had two different concepts and took the setup for one and the ending of the other. no foreshadowing, nothing. i can think of many other endings that would work with the events and clues throughout the movie, and this was not one of them.
the ending needed a completely different setup.
you don't think showing castration scars and "her" constantly saying "she's" not a girl isn't brought up?
how could you possibly say you never learn about it in the movie, when you see it *in the movie*
so i read the actress playing alice as kristen bell and my heart literally skipped a beat. i was disappointed when i re-read it.
there is no reason to remake *total recall*, but *i can remember it for you wholesale* would make a great short film.


where's the tardis?
next they're going to remake the goonies. it'll probably have some jerkoffs like the jonas brothers in it, too.
2 words: stunt cock
"no disassemble."
under phone booth? maybe...
*star wars i - iii* need to be given this treatment. it could only help.
burton has been missing lately.  hopefully this brings him back on track... but for the record i have never seen the original or any of them live action remakes.  so i am excited in a sense.
a lot of directors have muses, tim burton just has a couple
do that through netflix. not for $12 (+ concessions, or dinner beforehand) at a theater.
yea anywhere else i can watch this video?  the site takes forever to load...
you see an image.  the image appears to be something else.  you find out there is a story behind the image in the book.  not in the movie.  the image is never mentioned in the movie, only flashed.  
don't forget about superbad. maybe not as good of a movie as knocked up, it's definitely funnier. 

sarah marshall is a notch or two below both of those.
why are you being down modded? wish he'd stop using those two.
wow this is pretty awesome.  some real classics on here actually, just gotta do some digging.
jiggawatts!
flip the two words for even more to think about.
difficult?  it's on dvd:

http://www.amazon.com/alice-wonderland-1985-natalie-gregory/dp/b000fsme7o
honestly, the land of the lost time machine? how the fuck is this not at the bottom of the list?
me too. i like deppe but he's not the only actor who can be whimsical. 

and carter just annoys me. 
accounting logic: if it made money the first time and the primary audience was kids then wait until everyone who watched it the first time is an adult and get a new generation of ignorant kids to pay for it again. 

save money on brainstorming time and instead streamline what worked before whilst infusing whatever's popular with the kids. 

lather, rinse, repeat. 
doctor who phone booth&gt;bill and ted's phone booth and the delorean combined 
http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/8jf5a/suddenly_alice_in_wonderland_is_even_more_trippy/
monsters inc, finding nemo, and the incredibles tie for #1.
that was very interesting. not sure i got it all though...

how were the russian and the american (the one who shot his wife in the desert?) connected to the other two?
definitely needs the tardis. i didn't even think of primer and 12 monkeys, those were cool. the enterprise also should qualify... it's done enough time travel in it's time.

plus... terminator. a time machine that makes people naked!
it's not a phone booth. it's a police box. yes, it has a phone, but it's not a phone booth.
pleasantville wasn't really time travel, was it?  didn't they just get pulled into the tv show?
wall-e was not even close to a rehashing/rebooting/remaking of short circuit. people complain that wall-e's head looks like johnny 5 and while this is true, they are in now way the same movie or even really comparable (other than they both contained robots that had "feelings"). wall-e was a story about 2 robots in love (hello dave! ^_- ) and had a huge environmental message. short circuit was not.
i think i love you.
some nice shots in there. i think you could play a bit more with transitions, though. they felt very abrupt sometimes. also,  only the top half of the second line of subtitles was visible. if that was intentional, you need to stop that, like now.

i found the story confusing, and i don't think you really need to show the killing bit. it felt unnecessary to me. 
or worse. the "new" goonies could be another superbad. a bunch of teenagers trying to get laid, booze, swearing, etc. it would completely miss the point of the original.
no mailbox from the lake house?

what an awful movie that was.
yet.
i really wasn't as impressed by knocked up as everyone else was. maybe it was because it was the first r-rated comedy in a while. i much prefer superbad and forgetting sarah marshall.
you overdid it. you were right saying tardis &gt; phone booth... but man, the delorean is awesome. they didn't even sell those cars here in spain and it's still a friggin 80s icon.
fantastic movie.  like the player, but darker.
how is it a time machine?  i thought they went into a wormhole to another dimension.
needs to see more movies made afer 1989.  

no alec baldwin in glengarry glen ross?  come on!

also, neil labute is the king of movie assholes--jason patric's character in your friends and neighbors, chad in in the company of men, rachel weisz in the shape of things.
even if the movie totally sucks it'll be ten times better than the original. it was pure dreck.
nice design
just as well, where's the pvc, cardboard, aluminum contraption from *primer*?  how about the water tank from *los cronocrímenes*?  this list suffers from blockbuster apathy.
wtf, what about the time machine from napoleon dynamite? that thing has to be the worst ever!
does that version have the jaberwocky in it though?  most versions are a tv-recut because that part was so traumatizing to children.
ok this is becoming ridiculous. did someone registered me to the wolframalpha subreddit? is that website maybe spamming reddit?
i didn't know that.  gonna have to check it out.  we watched western front in 7th grade after reading it and i assumed that was it.
i dont like their argument for the time turner. i would definitely consider it cooler than the one from tmnt and lotl
i own this dvd version; i haven't watched it yet (i did see and tape the original broadcast), but the reviews suggest jabberwocky is still in it, and judging by how beloved this movie is, i'm sure somebody would've complained if it were cut.
well, fuck yeah.
looks like it's shot to be a video game.
&lt;nerd&gt;
it wasn't the enterprise they used in stiv to travel back in time; it was destroyed in search for spock.  they used a hijacked klingon bird of prey to slingshot around the earth and go back to the 20th century.

&lt;/nerd&gt;
don't know how many people actually saw sound of thunder, but that was not bad (the time machine, not the movie, which was... bad). also where was stargate on this list? something tells me this whole list was put together just to plant land of the lost near the top.
oh man that scene when she is in the tub and number five just busts in...  yeah
so is the internet, considering how often this line has been uttered.

for proof of this line as nonsense, see [district 9](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1136608/) and [avatar](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0499549/).
get ready for a surprise...

this movie will suck, wait not much of a surprise.
this came up in another reddit thread.  subsequently, it has been added to my netflix list.
that immediately made the entire article feel like a fucking commercial. jesus.
you better be a woman!
comedy is a very loose descriptor for this movie.  emphasis on dark and less on comedy.  american psycho is way funnier relatively.
of all the machines listed here, the one that makes the most sense, logically and scientifically, (and is perhaps second of all movie time machines after primer) is the scepter of tnmt iii.  

you can only travel to ancient japan because the scepter was already built then.  you can only move through time to a point where the machine exists.  also, you disappear from the present, but an object of equal mass takes your place, so no matter is created or destroyed.  
what, no love for the omni?

http://www.videosift.com/video/voyagers-1980s-time-travel-show
the delorean's body is made of stainless steel.  that makes it the only surefire rustproof time machine.  'nuff said.
13 pages? fuck that shit. 
don't forget the jacket from the jacket.
especially since it doesn't work.
and the cane from citizen kane.
thank you for taking the nerd bullet there. someone had to say it.

edit: though the original [enterprise](http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/the_naked_time_\(episode\)), a chunk of the [enterprise b](http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/the_naked_time_\(episode\)), the [enterprise c](http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/yesterday%27s_enterprise), and the [enterprise e](http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/star_trek:_first_contact) all traveled through time.
worth it, though. cool content.
i want to see a movie that makes me laugh and makes me cry. a movie based in reality and yet also really far out with aliens and lasers and stuff. i want the movie to have a clear message for today's society, but nothing too preachy or radical. i want the people making it to have complete artistic control but no weird stuff. there can't be any nudity but heaps of gory violence is fine. i hate hollywood movie stars but the movie can't have a cast of nobodies. i want the film to transcend accepted norms and not be formulaic, but it should have a beginning, a middle and an end and have a protagonist that i can identify with.
yes cool content. but no need for 13pgs ,outside of raising your click throughs by annoying the shit out of the viewer... i'm also looking at you wired.com! yeah i know your reading this.
no! maybe that appalling performance is what convinced her into directing.
fyi: "n'est-ce pas?"
[page 12](http://www.totalfilm.com/features/25-cool-movie-locations/page:12) has the office from office space if you care.

also, if you want to click on shit, check out their other article: [the 67 most influential films ever made](http://www.totalfilm.com/features/the-67-most-influential-films-ever-made). while you're waiting for every damn page to load, you can wonder: why *sixty-seven*?
&gt;they used a hijacked klingon bird of prey to slingshot around the earth and go back to the 20th century.

no, they used a hijacked klingon bird-of-prey to sligshot around the sun, not around the earth.
h.g. wells' time machine should be higher up.
im well aware of that. ive seen many, many seasons of dr. who. i was just asking, which is why i added the maybe with too many dots. it seems like straying from the central reddit 'hive mind' these days gets down votes. reminds me a lot of digg. 
o_o he said under the phone booth.  i mean, the tardis could technically be anywhere, right?
something's been bugging me for around a decade. does anyone remember a movie in the 80s that had a time travel machine that looked mostly like a barber chair? either the surrounding cage or the chair itself would spin very rapidly (i don't remember which), but otherwise stationary. i think it was stored in a barn.

any ideas?
lee grossman (tom cruise) in tropic thunder will probably go down as a great funny movie asshole.

and how about dean wormer, greg marmalard, or dirk neidermeyer?  too obvious maybe.
see, i never agreed with this philosophy on superman.

i always believed that he chose the cowardly, clumsy demeanor so that it was about as completely opposite as superman was, so he'd never be mistaken for him... not because he views us as such.

still... i think this was a phenomenal casting choice. i met carradine a couple of days after kill bill 1 came out, at a comic show. he had the ring he wore in the movie, and had said he'd gotten offers for it at the show. i had no idea what he was talking about. he looked at me funny and said "ummm, well it's the ring i wear in kill bill." kept looking at me until i nodded and went "oh, yeah!"
good news...anytime someone says the word "remake" nowadays, i tend to go into convulsions.
i would take off child's play because it sucks and american psycho because it's not a slasher movie. a nightmare on elm st is close enough, but i never really thought of it as a slasher movie. unmentioned awesome slasher movies: madman, maniac, sleepaway camp, and my bloody valentine (original). some giallos might be considered slashers too, so i'd add deep red as one of the best.
wtf, there's a picture of batman kissing robin?
ripoff robot is still a ripoff.
so, did you steal the ring from him or not?
hmm..i'm actually totally up in the air about this remake...can't decide if it is a good idea or not.
that's an amazing scene...so well delivered with just the right mix of subtlety and menace.  he will be missed.
no tardis?
was it the one made in 1930 or the one made in the seventies? if you can't tell -- the old one was in black and white and the later one was in color. but you should be able to tell by the acting, even with a perfect print of the 1930 version. 

i know what you're saying although to have a top 10 of slasher movies and not include a figure as iconic as chucky would seem amiss. psycho is generally considered the first slasher movie, and so if that fits, then really american psycho does too (sure, that fits multiple genres). the original my bloody valentine is great, while sleepaway camp has an amazing twist but the 80 minutes leading up to it are reaally low quality. madman has a lot of charm and a great song but i don't believe it's top 10.
my childhood hasn't responded yet on how i feel about this. i don't think i will like what it says though. 
seriously, they'll include a normal phone booth, but what about the "it's bigger on the inside" tardis?
because it's hot
the superman speech was my least favourite part of the movie, it felt totally out of place. 
very good speech writing, mister tarantino. 
nice to see someone recognize behind the mask- that's the most fun i've had with a slasher flick in ages.
probably because of spiderman 3 and the fact that drag me to hell looked like another formulaic hollywood 20-something shit horror movie in the vein of pulse, cabin fever, etc.
he got the philosophy on superman all backwards.

superman is clark kent. he was raised as clark kent, wants to be clark kent, in a way wishes he was always clark kent, superman is just a responsibility.  that's why he never tells lois he's superman, even though that means she'd love him in an instant.  he wants lois to love him for who he *really* believes he is: clark kent.  otherwise, why wouldn't he just be superman all the time?  why try to blend in at all?

batman on the other hand really is batman.  when he's wearing the mask, that's his true personality showing through, the twisted, hurt and angry little boy that watched his parents gunned down in an alley when he was 10 years old.  as katie holmes pointed out at the end of batman begins, bruce wayne is his mask.  he pretends to be a playboy, a rich idiot just hanging around cocktail parties sipping champagne, dating models and driving sports cars.  all that is just an act, and the reality is he's batman.

that said, it doesn't detract from my enjoyment of kill bill at all.
this is the movie subreddit, not television.
don knotts should have made the list and so should have groundhog day.
i started watching that with the mindset that i'd see a second or two and turn it off.  i've seen it so many times, but i might as well watch a few moments out of respect.

and then 4 minutes later it's over, and i didn't even notice how engrossed i was.

great flicks, both of them.
you can't take anything on that page seriously. they advertise for the bigot pat robertson. i didn't capitalize his name. he doesn't deserve recognition as a name.
there is a distinction, though.  superman was born superman in the sense that he had the powers of superman from a young age.  he never *became* the superhero, he always was.  but you're right, in the modern mythos of superman he was raised a human as clark kent, so it's a little more complicated than bill understands.

however, it's a great observation, and a great speech.  i'd even be willing to say that superman would be much more interesting in that light, and not the "hey i want to be normal but i have superpowers so i have to hide them" angle.
the preview made it look terrible, and the premise sounds absurd to most. a landlady who can't pay rent/mortgage? and then...a curse? hell? wtf?

i can't wait to see this movie tonight, but i've talked to a ton of ed fans who just weren't excited about this film. part of the problem may also be that those claiming to love ed do so because it's mandatory viewing in some circles, and because they're not really into horror films.

(cabin fever was great in a horror-traditionalist sort of way)
i'll second this - everyone who's seen the film has told me that it's awesome. the problem is that it has by far the worst advertising scheme i have ever seen. to say the commercials make it look like shit is a vast understatement.
i disagree with saying that it is the worst advertising campaign.  the family stone - advertised as quirky family comedy, actually about cancer - is still the worst for me. 
i'm sorry but any list missing hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy is not merely incomplete, but crippled if not decapitated.
all fanboys are slowly smothering what they profess to love.
i've never seen one.
awesome idea... it will help eliminate some of the scum on this earth after they all kill each other...
play him off, inxs

edit: do you people not get my vague reference? the lead singer of inxs died of auto-erotic-asphyxiation like 10 years ago, which if i am to understand correctly is how carradine died?

is this too soon? not funny yet? i think death is instantly funny when it's linked to masturbation.
am i the only person who didn't care much for galaxy quest? also if you're going to throw shaun of the dead on here why not return of the living dead or evil dead ii, they are both right up there. 
i just can't believe they didn't give number 1 to ghostbusters!
well, they were all films and the hhgttg film wasn't really that great.
you do have a point, and i guess that's what bill was trying to get across.  i disagree with you here though:

&gt; i'd even be willing to say that superman would be much more interesting in that light, and not the "hey i want to be normal but i have superpowers so i have to hide them" angle.

i'm not much of a fan of superman in general, but i do think the god who would be man angle is more interesting than a god who lives with men.  if superman's totally content with being superman, it removes the sense of struggle and human pathos from his story, and he's kind of boring.  if he's discontent with his place in life, he's more relatable.
the sergeant dies.
true.  i've never found superman that interesting, at least how he's been presented in the past, and i'd like to see someone with storytelling skill take a crack at it.
i thought that at first then realized the list is about movies not stories.  hgttg was a great story but a terrible movie.  i was surprised this list didn't contain the fifth element, one of the best sci-fi comedies around. 
i hate it when people compare the quality of films through box office gross.  doubly so when they don't take inflation into account.
this movie was shit.  i'm glad i got into the theater for free to see it.
so this is for people who didn't see the movie or weren't alive when the movie came out?
time after time - bad special effects.

most recent re-make of hg wells time machine - they lost the political undertones of the original book, the losers.
would "groundhog day" really be considered a sci-fi movie?  it seems more fantasy with no connection to science.  please correct me if you think i'm wrong. 
thanks.  i love this series.
i thought tremors was a documentary.
hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy is a horrible adaptation. horrible. the book is not about slapstick and singing dolphins. 

man, fuck that movie.
[the burger king marty skateboards by at the beginning](http://maps.google.com/maps?sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf8&amp;q=535+north+victory+boulevard,+burbank&amp;fb=1&amp;split=1&amp;gl=us&amp;cid=0,0,14816199411363093441&amp;ei=7ropsvendzlcmyh-ynaj&amp;ll=34.179359,-118.319385&amp;spn=0,359.980474&amp;z=16&amp;iwloc=a&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=34.179262,-118.319321&amp;panoid=-0hhva_hzrsfjsn8khknra&amp;cbp=12,276.54,,0,5)  
[the mall where marty travels through time](http://maps.google.com/maps?sourceid=chrome&amp;q=1600+s.+azusa+ave,+city+of+industry,+ca&amp;ie=utf8&amp;split=0&amp;gl=us&amp;ei=l7spsoaym4xem_ym_eaj&amp;ll=33.991231,-117.926688&amp;spn=0.004999,0.019526&amp;z=16&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=33.99124,-117.926804&amp;panoid=ci7puyus8s0hmqodaql0vw&amp;cbp=12,2.8,,0,5)  
[lorraine's house, now painted green instead of yellow](http://maps.google.com/maps?sourceid=chrome&amp;q=1725+bushnell+avenue,+pasadena&amp;ie=utf8&amp;split=0&amp;gl=us&amp;ei=l7gpsr62lzfim8fohdoj&amp;ll=34.105622,-118.141243&amp;spn=0.011122,0.019526&amp;z=16&amp;iwloc=a&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=34.105717,-118.141247&amp;panoid=9piaqtbh2dbtx8ewporkla&amp;cbp=12,279.15,,0,-1.12)  
[turn around and see the tree that george falls out of while peeping](http://maps.google.com/maps?sourceid=chrome&amp;q=1725+bushnell+avenue,+pasadena&amp;ie=utf8&amp;split=0&amp;gl=us&amp;ei=l7gpsr62lzfim8fohdoj&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=34.105717,-118.141247&amp;panoid=9piaqtbh2dbtx8ewporkla&amp;cbp=12,155.76,,0,-1.12&amp;ll=34.105622,-118.141243&amp;spn=0.011122,0.019526&amp;z=16&amp;iwloc=a)  
[george mcfly's house](http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&amp;source=s_q&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=&amp;q=1711+bushnell+avenue,+pasadena&amp;sll=34.151466,-118.160233&amp;sspn=0.011116,0.019526&amp;ie=utf8&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=34.106203,-118.141251&amp;panoid=ov6ypswgezl0oeeh7x0doa&amp;cbp=12,259.68,,0,0.73&amp;ll=34.106119,-118.141243&amp;spn=0.011122,0.019526&amp;z=16&amp;iwloc=a)
you might be. galaxy quest is on my list of my 50 favorite movies under an r rating.
the movie sucked.
yep, great movie. i'd be bitchin about it if it wasn't in the top 3.
time travel is an acknowledged [subgenre of science fiction](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/science_fiction#time_travel).
that hasn't been made into a good movie yet. but wait a few years and let's see if the next attempt is any better.
if galaxy quest made it, so should have hgttg even with its shortcomings. i agree with the 5th element as well.
it was def worse than the bbc miniseries, but i still thought it was pretty funny. the one with the flying dolphins was the best scene in the movie imho (and it was sooo much better than to see ford trying to bribe the construction workers with booze).
back to the future!
slacker!
this ranking is all wrong. ghostbusters should be number 1 hands down. also, spaceballs and shaun of the dead should be waaay higher. 5th element is also missing. 
that post inspired me to look up some filming locations as well. in particular, i really liked [this flickr set](http://www.flickr.com/photos/73105116@n00/sets/72157616405028986/), not so much for the photos, but that the photographer gave addresses for each location.

 somehow the google street views make them seem more *real*... or something... anyway, i especially like the karate kid locations.
ive seen it, but dude..... dick.....
awesome, thanks for that.
groundhog day is not a movie about time travel, or science. 
mel brooks was *kind of funny*, sometimes, but "spaceballs" and everything after were completely devoid of anything resembling humor.


it isn't science fiction, and don't be so timid. 
it **is** about time travel. bill murray is stuck in a [time loop](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_loop), which is considered time travel. 


also part of this list  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:time_travel_films
free enterprise was a hilarious movie.

&gt;he said that han solo was cooler than captain kirk.

&gt;kick the little fucker's ass. 
this list is *awful*. survival horror is *not* science fiction. why the fuck is spaceballs #10, and where are things like [brazil](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088846/), [les visiteurs](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108500/), [the adventures of buckaroo banzai across the 8th dimension](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086856/), weird science, bill and ted's excellent adventure, being john malkovich, time bandits, innerspace, and if you want to get stupid about it, plan 9 and the matrix and santa claus vs. the martians? 

honorable mention: futurama movies. 

that wasn't so hard, was it? glad to see sleeper on there at least. also cloverfield was hilariously retarded.
i understand that he's literally in a time loop, but the cause is never attributed to anything scientific or otherwise, so it goes both ways. it's more of a buddhist hippie purgatory self-rebirth thing, which is pretty far from science. 
i am now going to intentionally violate reddiquette and downvote a comment just because i disagree with it. 

if you don't like galaxy quest, you don't belong here.

i think it would be best if you left now. 
&gt;but the cause is never attributed to anything scientific or otherwise, so it goes both ways. it's more of a buddhist hippie purgatory self-rebirth thing, which is pretty far from science.

stop bashing battlestar galactica (or was it lost?)
&gt;the fifth element, one of the best sci-fi comedies around.

i honestly don't remember that movie being funny. is that a joke?
*immediately thinks* it don't need money. don't take fame. don't need no credit card to ride this train...
as much as i appreciate the man's occasional wit and breadth of film knowledge, ebert is dead wrong on this one.  i wanted to like the movie (being a helms/galifianakis fan), but it is an utterly formulaic, plebian, unfunny mess of a film.  galifianakis' character is the best thing about it, but he's highly underused.  helms' character spends most of the movie yelling hysterically.  the plot essentially boils down to a string of wtf moments that evolve into highly predictable gags.  save yourself, redditors...don't get fooled by the good reviews like i did.
having seen the movie, i gotta say: you're absolutely right.  i'm completely ashamed that i spent money to see it.  it's really one of the most juvenile, unfunny comedies i've ever seen.
he writes like a kid who was born in or a little bit after the 80's had already happened. i say give him time and he'll discover real sci-fi movies.
"where we're going; we won't need google maps."
i used to live in burbank and drive to work in van nuys every day back in 2003. after months of this, i watched bttf on tv, and said "holy crap." i'd just moved to la from the east coast, so i wasn't yet used to finding myself on old infamous movie sets. [here are some stills](http://garyfixler.com/bttf/) of the bk sequence when he leaves doc's place in the opening, with the last shot being the panorama i shot from roughly the same spot the following morning on my drive in to work. i often stopped for breakfast at that drive through.

the crazy part comes in when you notice that doc brown's house isn't on its own property. it's plunked down in the middle of the bk parking lot, right on top of the drainage channel and parking spaces. it's sort of sticking back into the lot area of the osh (orchard supply headquarters) in the background, though it wasn't an osh back then. it was fun going through and seeing all the stuff that was still the same, like terry's lumber, that brick printing building, red curbs, newspaper stands, and so on.
    google maps?  where we're going, we don't need...

    *puts on sunglasses*

    ...google maps.


that's the power of love.
i suppose the 80s is more important for science fiction than i realized also. funny how that happens with the damned 80s.
wow, [it was "worth" twice as much two years ago](http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/9303-roslyndale-ave-arleta-ca-91331/20127228_zpid/).  
wow, very interesting.  man that is a very cheap property, at least by california standards.  then again, pacoima isn't exactly a hot bed of real estate i don't think.
drag me to hell is the funniest of all of them.
hmm, maybe we have a different view of comedy.  the jokes weren't as 'stop, pause, present set-up, deliver punchline as some of the other movies.  lots of visual jokes that were blended into the scenes and weren't the focal point.  many were in the dialog and didn't give a pause for the audience to 'get it'.  
edit: not saying this is top of the line but as far as straight comedy and sci-fi in movie form go this one ain't bad.
movie i saw: old man and kid kill old man's childhood hero and steal his blimp and dogs (that can talk) in order to save a random bird.
yep.  you totally missed the point, and 3/4th's of the movie.
good list! though some of your list i wouldn't put in the same category as the others, too cerebral if you will. 
$
no 'starship troopers'?
if you like baraka you should really check out [koyaanisqatsi](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085809/).

there are two sequels, powaqqatsi, and naqoyqatsi that continue the theme, but not as good as the first.

if baraka = the beatles then koyaanisqatsi = the rolling stones


oh, sorry. they did it because they missed their dead wife / deadbeat dad.
it's not really blade runner though as they don't have the rights. it could be considered a *spiritual* prequel.
fuck yea! :) 
really? where do you live where they hardly clap. i can't stand it when people clap at the end of a movie. 

no one is there to receive your applause. just stop. you look stupid.
i think that picture is from hellgate:london.
my list is kind of all over the place, and in no order.

barton fink

wild at heart

taxi driver

the good, the bad and the ugly

robocop

harold and maude

seven samurai

alien

american psycho

north by northwest

my brain is mush, there's more, but this is right off the top of my head...
american beauty is good, though i don't know if i'd call any movie "perfect."
i agree with all of those! :)

....except friggin' awful wild at heart. :(
just a couple off the top of my head:

casablanca

the treasure of sierra madre

dr. strangelove

seven

the city of lost children
rashomon- akira kurosawa 

m- fritz lang
"perfect" is a strong word.

i wouldn't change any part of fight club so maybe that.
good! i say to hell with pg13 flicks
no mention of fight club... good, it has that annoying error in it that nobody spots.
the shawshank redemption
whats that? (this question was not asked in order for me to be a douchebag)
alien has some faults... don't get me wrong, i love it... but some of the sets were very cheap looking and a couple of the actors could have done better.
ditto on that one. my freshman year of college i must have watched it 20 times.
pulp fiction.
i was going to say singin' in the rain until i remembered the weird ballet at the end.

i'm going to go with a hard day's night.
alien is a movie that shook the ground beneath its feet at the time of its release, but by watching it today it's a bit hard to be afraid of the alien with how creature design is today.
just to confirm, i checked the dvd for the relevant scenes, and all the jabberwocky i remember is in it.  in fact, the ending where they're all running around and he's blowing fire and flying is longer than i remembered.
the building they sit in to watch the destruction, is also rigged to blow.
i didn't really like seven samurai; it moved a little slow. if that makes me a phillistine, so be it. north by northwest was fantastic, but the overuse of sets made it less than perfect.
i really like children of men. the music, video shots, acting... this is one of the best.
i'd say eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. although perfect may be a bit strong. 
it's pretty hard to find much fault with disney's beauty and the beast - the voice acting, imagery, pacing, and music is all damn near perfect, and the plot is interesting without being overly silly.
return of the jedi. what!?
i'd say no country for old men is pretty much flawless.  though that could be said about half of the coen brothers films.  whoever said casablanca was right on as well.  good stuff.  
i was tempted to say this. it's very hard for me to find fault with it.
that's actually my favorite part. mostly because i dislike the actual movie so much the dance is a welcome break. but in terms of setting dynamite charges over the movies pacing and plot, then detonating it a hundred times over, yeah. it's awful
ah crap, i think you've opened the gates to a v vs. vi fight.
don't they address that? i can't remember.

if they don't-- whoops. a citizen kane level goofup.
american beauty. godfather. aliens.
i regret nothiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnng
amelie.  the big lebowski.  
l.a. confidential,
back to the future (only the first movie),
poltergeist,
dr. strangelove.
scripts = flawlessly constructed.
casting=in every role, major and minor, no better actor possible.
art direction= impeccable.
cinematography=gorgeous without drawing attention to itself.
directing=nuanced, personal, visionary.  there are other, great movies, but none that come to mind as "perfect".
oh, but you're okay with the weird ballet at the end of a hard day's night?
i don't think there is such thing as the "perfect" movie. every movie has its flaws such as drinks changing levels of liquid and such stuff. but these mistakes are in any and every film, so they've become part of the cinematic art.

i would say that casablanca is as perfect as any movie can ever get. everything just works and gels together so well. however, it isn't my favourite movie either.
i still can't believe this movie got just an r rating. don't get me wrong i loved every second of it, but it seemed pretty um... graphic.
i haven't seen that so i can't even tell if you're making me look stupid or not!
you're a monster! a heartless beast!
i have had a top 10 list for years, and it hasn't really changed....but i don't think any of those films are 'perfect'.  however, there are five which i think may be perfect films even though they may not be the best.  the godfather ii, raiders of the lost ark, it's a wonderful life, groundhog day, and the return of the king extended edition.  also, although it was a rather simple romance, i think once was pretty perfect for what it was.
i like,

piggybacking

kung fu hustle

sin city

flash gordon

once upon a time in the west

fight club

gran torino
did it ever say that? tyler tells the narrator that he's found a great place to watch from while they're fighting near the bomb. i always assumed that after the narrator blacked out, tyler walked to a nearby vantage point.
tha muthafukken empire strikes back  biotch
animal house, citizen kane, fifth element, the professional, american astronaut
seriously, you got to see zach pissing, and that chinese guys tiny penis, which i could've gone my whole life without seeing.  but it was a hilarious movie nevertheless! 
chinatown has a great story and acting to match.

my neighbor totoro has stunning animation and a soundtrack that would make a llama purr.
i'll add *jaws* and *silence of the lambs*.
kubrick's attention to detail can really be something to behold.

while not my favorite film of his, barry lyndon is a movie that i just can't find any fault, on a technical level, it's perfect.
no country is brilliant.  saw this when it in theaters and have watched it many times since and the dialogue always leaves me in awe.  the cinematography is spectacular.  the coen brothers have directed many of my favorite films.
in the very expensive intro that ends in "this is it, ground zero, any final words?" (there is a flashback joke between the beginning, where the narrator says first "i can't think of anything" and in the end, where the same line is uttered "i *still* can't think of anything"), there is a cg scene which pans down, into the basement of the very building where they're sitting, where the white truck loaded with explosives is shown with a bullet hole through the wind screen, thus establishing location. near the end of film, the narrator unplugs the bomb in that same car, having fired a gun through its wind screen, during his fight with tyler durden, however, after uttering the words: "i told you not to do that", undoes the sabotage before chasing after the narrator again. all logic i can muster tells me the building they're in should have blown up with the rest of them.
^ for barton fink.  this movie is sadly under appreciated. 
no offense but i never understood why shawshank is so high up on so many people's lists.  yes, it's a good movie but i never felt it to be that compelling.  
i've only seen this once but i really enjoyed it.  i keep meaning to give it another viewing.
i think, and this is by no means definitive, that you'd be hard pressed to beat:
the blues brothers,
fight club,
lost in translation,
and american gangster, 
maybe it did. maybe that's how the narrator finds peace with marla and truly loses durden because he dies. in that case, it wouldn't be an error. i've watched that movie so many tmies, and i simply can't settle over why an otherwise impeccable film would leave such a clear cut flaw in it, if not due to the cost of elaborate cgi, which they weren't granted permission to add until after screenings of the whole film. i dunno. anyone know mr. fincher?
i would have to say crank

reasoning (in hopes of avoiding downvotes) it was absolutely perfect for its genre. tense at times, action packed, comical and entertaining. it did not pretend to be anything other than what it was. statham had the perfect amount of a arrogance for the role. i'm not about to say crank should have won awards, or that its script was in anyway oscar worthy... it was a perfect film for its genre
tyler is never shown undoing the sabotage, as far as i can remember.
you could say the same of die hard.
i was going to say that.

except with a note to say: really, really, really, if you're watching it for the first time, you really have to put in the effort for the first half of the movie. because its gorgeous and to get to the second half, which is undeniably fantastic. marissa berensen should have won an award.
stongly agree with *dr. strangelove*. that movie defines black comedy to me.

but disagree on *seven*. it seems like a sick flick to me. so many movies ask us to "get inside the mind of a serial killer". no thank you.

haven't seen *treasure of the sierra madre*. will put that in the netflix queue.

*brazil* is one of my faves. not a scene is wasted, if you ask me.
i would probably agree, but i'm not sure the rest of reddit would. however, i more or less just wanted to make the case for action/thrill movies in this discussion. all too often this kind of conversation degrades into the same few films: shawshank vs. eternal sunshine vs. lebowski etc. 


(nothing against those films, of course i loved them)
i saw it in the theater when it came out and did not like it. might have to give it another chance as i have come to admire the cohen bros over time.
related: reservoir dogs.
perfect movies for their pure entertaining value : snatch, the good the bad the hugly (well a few other leone's flicks) army of darkness 3 (considering that i've watched bubba ho'tep the other day...he wasn't that bad i mean seriously give it a shot)

perfect because they carry a message : das boat, dr. strangelove, american psycho...

i mean perfect or good is rather subjective...
my personal favorite is confessions of a dangerous mind, but i could probably watch kiss kiss bang bang an infinite number of times. whenever i watch it i always want to watch an equally perfect movie afterwords, but i can't think of any others.
easy rider.
i think shoot 'em up was also perfect in this regard.
the little mermaid.  prove me wrong, i dare you.
maybe adaptation
schindler's list. 
i like american beauty, but it's soooo pretentious.
no country for old men.
aw, but i left out westworld and the creeps and android and stuff like that!
many disney movies are what i would consider "perfect", considering the context in which i initially saw them.  

the lion king and aladdin were two movies that actually had a large impact on myself growing up.
one of my all time favorites.  top 3 for sure.
my #1 movie of all time.  rather odd as i pretty much despise mostly all of tarintino's movies post pulp fiction.
i prefer dogs to pulp fiction, and i really like pulp fiction.
i have never been able to find any fault in *punch-drunk love*.
i love se7en.  i'm a big fincher fan.  i don't know if i would call it a perfect film though.
in no particular order, some are: pulp fiction,
princess bride, 
reservoir dogs, 
american beauty,
life is beautiful,
the big lebowski,
millers crossing, shawshank redemption,
star wars,
empire strikes back,
wrath of khan, 
the professional,
ghost dog,
e.t, fight club, high fidelity
morgan freeman man...'get busy livin' or get busy dyin'...that's goddamn right'  
*pulp fiction* is too quotable to have flaws. it's like *a clockwork orange* and *everything is illuminated* in that sense.
princess bride

they really captured the feeling and humor of the book incredibly well.
i love brazil, but i wasn't sure if it was perfect.
will ferrell is not a funny guy.

it seems he force himself to be funny.
normally i wouldn't feel so compelled to add to this list, but i am actually stunned that so far this movie hasn't gotten a single mention:

the bicycle thief

(criterion collection pluralized it, i know.  it just seems to hint too strongly at the ending and meaning of the entire film)
i've never seen a more raw symphony of violence in my life. the character of anton chigurh is terrifying. although i found tommy lee jones's scenes often unnecessary and didn't really do anything but break up the violence and provide misdirection.
yeesh, not sure why your particular choices are being downmodded... i mean, they might not be other people's taste, but this is certainly a subjective question.

once upon a time in the west has one of the best openings i've ever seen. and fight club is in my top five favorites.
lawrence of arabia
back to the future is one of my all time favorite scripts. everything came together on screen so wonderfully, especially the casting.
kiss kiss bang bang is phenomenal. have you seen the salton sea? really worth a viewing, it's so well done.
it's possible you're devoid of detecting any emotional content or subtext in a film.  in which case, yes, that would be exactly the movie you saw.

or, you could have seen the movie and discussed and thought about it critically and saw a movie about old age, losing your loved ones, but continuing to have adventures in life; out of respect and love for your lost ones by being yourself and not turning into an crockety old person.
the fifth element is *the* perfect sci-fi movie.
la tourneuse de pages.
to kill a mockingbird
gladiator
toy story
pirates of the carribean
shawshank
apocalypse now
galaxy quest
no country for old men
street car named desire
ran

some people would prefer if everyone in the world had one solitary opinion and everybody thought alike without daring to stray from the herd.
election
yeah, this is an amazing movie that deserves more credit.
misdirection?  really?  anton was my favorite character (the scene with the gas station attendant... wow!) but i thought tommy lee jones's character was crucial.  not just because he provided a sense of stability, sanity, and balance amidst all the wanton chaos and debauchery but because the main points of the movie were delivered through his character... and i think they needed to be.
28 days later and trainspotting would be at the top of my list.
aliens has always been my go to film for cinematic perfection.

the script, the cinematography, the acting, the direction. flawless.
nuovo cinema paradiso

heimat

[maltese falcon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0033870/). utterly perfect in every aspect, every shot, every word, every gesture. 

[unforgiven](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105695/). the most morally complex film out of hollywood, a tribute to the history of movies and, yet, utterly realistic.


well it is nice to see morgan freeman playing a wise black man for a change.

seriously though i hate that movie.
tarr's sátántangó, tarkovsky's mirror
yeah, it must have been a nice change of pace for him...
i saw wild at heart after seeing much of lynch's other films. i had gotten the serious film bug late... i'd been watching mainly action, sci-fi, horror and comedies, you know, all through high school... but i missed all of the art films and dramas and independent films, until i was about 17.

the first few times i watched wild at heart, i didn't understand it (not that i'm saying you don't understand it). in fact, i distinctly remember falling asleep through it, once.

when college came around, i began watching more art house films and independents, and things like lynch's work, except i was looking at them through the eyes of a budding writer and artist.

i ended up reading the book, and then watched the film again, and was completely blown away by what lynch took from the novel, and added to the film. same with dune. i seem to be in the minority, but i think he did a brilliant job with the material on dune.

there is one scene in wah that blows me away every time i watch it.

**spoilers ahead**

when mr. reindeer calls juana durango about the silver dollar, he also calls someone else, about the second silver dollar. but we only see a house, and mr. reindeer says "hello, my boy."

when sailor and lula drive up to perdita durango's house, there's this burst of music, horns, like chaos, and the audience sees that it's the house that mr. reindeer called.

it's one of those classic moments where the audience knows something the main character(s) don't... but it's handled in such a brilliant way.

i don't know. it won the palm d'or in 1990... can't be all that bad. it's my all time favorite film. i'm not asking you to give it another chance... i just figured i'd explain why it's on my list. from start to finish, i am completely taken in by everything on screen. the added wizard of oz plot device was, in my opinion, the thing that made the film brilliant.
pulp fiction

apocalypse now

the departed

shawshank redemption
i hated gran torino.  hated it!  everyone kept telling me how good it was and how i needed to see it so despite my better judgment, i gave in.  a matter of minutes into the movie, when the kid tries to steal eastwood's car, i had already figured out the ending.  halfway through i was starting to think the movie was literally meant to be a joke, or at the very least, satire.  everything was so ridiculously obvious.  i mean, it just keeps bludgeoning you over the head with it's insanely unrealistic message... which, by the way, it delivers with the grace and subtlety of a 500lb. baboon.  
point break.  if you diagree, watch it again, knowing what kind of movie it is.  
i liked 'a very long engagement' more than amelie. 
wild at heart is a personal favorite of mine and i think it's really underrated, but if i'm going to label any of lynch's films perfect i would go with blue velvet or mulholland drive.
casablanca, hands down.
there will be blood, 2001, the shining, die hard, oldboy, psycho, kill bill (both volumes as one film), reservoir dogs, pulp fiction, children of men, the african queen, casablanca, snatch, requiem for a dream. to name a few. 
ewoks make jedi fall a little lower than empire on my list. 
totally agree, i watched it after all the glowing reviews kept thinking to myself "have i got the right movie?"
the man from earth - cost probably $10,000 to make and the story is amazing!
happiness

there is not one second of filler in that movie, and every character is a "character"
i've never even heard of it, but i'll add it to my list of must-see films.
to be fair, the one single time i attempted to see it i was in high school, probably not at the level i should have been to see and understand it. i fell in love with eraserhead though around the same time (though i make no claims to understand that at all other than my own little theories), so i naturally assumed that wild at heart was just a bad movie. i'll take it from you and go through this again.
i agree with you one hundred percent my friend.
highly underrated imo. storywise and technically it's a masterpiece. like many masterpieces, though - i think it will only get recognition over time, turning slowly into a cult classic.
i loved this until the ending(s), it sorta... made me feel indifferent to the whole thing. i should probably see it again.
a movie that you like watching over and over again is perfect. doesn't matter what everyone else thinks. a  perfect movie is a personal opinion in my opinion.
sierra madre was good if you like bogart. seven is an interesting choice... great film.
stroszek, days of heaven, being there, and american graffiti are my picks. they are bit unorthodox compared to pulp fiction or shawshank redemption, but then again, most of the films i watch are. 
mega shark vs. giant octopus
ouch. after magnolia, which i thought was brilliant (though a little shy of "perfect") i went to see punch drunk love in the theater, hoping for another anderson masterpiece. i just found it long and drawn out.
i doubt most redditor's have seen either, but both are so visually beautiful that they should be seen by anyone who consider themselves to be film buffs. 
really? i see this popping up on a lot of peoples lists. it was well done, entertaining, colorful, and action packed - but zeus as president and the ending scene soured it for me.
mulholland drive is definitely a perfect film. i mean, i think all of his films are really something else. lost highway is another of my favorites. blue velvet... that's just the best. i have a soft spot for wild at heart, though...
i find wes anderson movies really obtuse. i have friends who love them, and i just don't get it. the darjeeling ltd was tolerable, but more than anything they just seem pretentious.
*lawrence of arabia* is high on my list. i could watch that movie a hundred times and not get sick of it. *blade runner* is also high up there, and looks especially good now on bluray. i might get picked apart a little because it was a miniseries, but perhaps one of the most beautiful pieces of cinema i've seen in recent years is *band of brothers*. finally, i'll just mention *children of men* again, because i loved every element of it.
i prefer jackie brown to both of them. jackie brown has compelling realistic characters. elmore leonard wrote it. tarentino really needs to not make all of his scripts essentially comic books.
even a film as perfect as pulp fiction is never perfect.  the 'any of you fucking pricks move and i'll execute every mother-fucking last one of ya!' and 'i'll execute every one of you mother-fuckers!' always bothered me (the tiniest little bit)...
i don't understand why everyone loved no country for old men. it didn't do anything for me. 
i think films must be judged as closely as possible by the standards of the time they were made. it's unfair to "alien" to see it through 2009 eyes. i think you have to make a serious attempt to judge it by 1979 standards.

and mirroring what you said, my dad said when people walked out of that theater, they looked like they had been in a combat zone. noone had ever seen anything like "alien" when it came out.
yeah. solid, competent work all the way around. nothing to really complain about, but i totally don't get what's great about it.

an above-average stephen king adaptation, on a par with stand by me.
raging bull
magnolia is great .... until the raining frogs and the aimee mann singalong. that is so fucking pretentious. boogie nights and hard eight are both so good too. i think pta might be back to working his magic because there will be blood was magnificent.
misdirection as in the movie strings you along hoping that there will be a good ending. you don't want to believe that jones won't get his man and its more appalling in the end that he doesn't.
being there is certainly one of the most underrated films ever made.
yes!

2001

there will be blood
i am stunned that noone has mentioned one flew over the cuckoos nest or goodfellas.
see you got me there... i love bogart. :-p
i'm with you 100% dude.

still, there is a difference from appreciating the effect alien had on my parents because of the time and actually feeling the same effect from the movie myself. i think there are contemporary films that may come close to the grandeur, but who knows if i am really experiencing the same dread my ancestors felt for the alien.

man movies are cool
wall-e: it doesn't overuse dialogue, and is a mature, very entertaining animated film.


&lt;mild spoiler&gt;for anyone who has yet to see it, it is not just that the old lady is denied a renewal on her mortgage, there is more to her reason for the curse.

(cabin fever was very entertaining, many moments that would make you cringe.  funny in that cheesy horror way too.)
i really enjoyed this movie.  it was exactly what i expected from a sam raimi horror film and i mean that in the best way.
no no no.
i've watched a number of them and did not like any of them and after hearing from a few people that darjeeling ltd was probably his best movie yet i decided to check it out and then when i finished watching it i was like "okay that's it i am never watching a wes anderson movie ever again".
i was gonna say this. probably the only movie i would consider a perfect movie.
the big lebowski is absolutely perfect in every way, although i'm sure it could've been more perfect had christopher walken somehow been involved.
the sweet hereafter seemed quite perfect to me. 
i'm not sure what your disagreement is.
i nearly shat myself when i saw that.  that movie is absolutely mind-blowing, in that it made me more uncomfortable than any movie ever.
i thought seven was a really mediocre forgettable movie.
the third man is a goddamn great movie that not enough people have seen, and isn't in this thread yet.  see it!
godfathers 1 and 2
yeah same here. also there's a few scenes that just feel like they go on forever like the conversation with butch and the taxi-cab driver and then back at the hotel with his girlfriend about blue-berry pancakes or whatever.
big upvote for harold and maude.  
absofreakinglutely yes on back to the future.  it is so well put together.
2046

most wong kar wai and kubrick tends to have a 'complete' feel to it.
memento
same, you really have to watch it at least twice, the first time to get over the shock elements and the second time to appreciate the humour. 

another movie that shocked me but in a different way was the vanishing (spoorloos). avoid the american version at all costs

goodfellas is quite possibly my favorite movie.
what about its prequel? the empire begins to seriously consider the pros and cons of striking back.
i guess the big points its trying to make is that there's no justice in the world, and good guys can die and lose. apparently it's more evident in the book.
you might find it ironic that  the screenwriters, philip and julius epstein,  disliked their own script for that movie.
chinatown is kinda racist.

my neighbor totoro is very good, but the best of hayao miyazaki's work would be spirited away
6 was too flashy on special effects, the real match is between 4 and 5.

(mod me down and i shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.)
great film, very delicately crafted, just a little too slow.
flash gordon - hard to decide between "dispatch war rocket ajax to bring back his body" and the football scene. 
c'mon, no love for m?
uhf and dark star. two perfectly funny and strange cult classics. 
so far as i've seen, movies "perfect for their intention":

back to the future

jaws

shawshank redemption

barry lyndon

blade runner (director's cut)

blue velvet

unforgiven

chinatown

terminator 2: judgement day

metropolis(1927)
 - perfect for its time (retrospeculatively)

casablanca.

i'm generally anti anything that we're told in school is amazing. the stuff that is so epic we can't even understand! and that's only reason we complain when forced to read/watch said things. *cough* shakespeare *cough*

but. after watching casablanca i was blown away and it truly deserves to be on any "best of" list with regards to film.
a short essay i wrote my graduating class as part of a dual film study. we watched casablanca and big fish.

http://www.scribd.com/doc/16189088/casablanca-miniessay
dr. strangelove
totally agree. immaculate, that film. 
just a little. chigur talks quite a bit about it, though.
and you'd be right.
i disagree! it was great for the first half, but you can only have climactic scenes go on for so long before they become stifling. it really should've been an hour long.
chinatown is racist, exactly.
city of gods,
the departed,
requiem for a dream.
props for barton fink, robocop, nxnw, taxi driver, and tgtbtu. for the rest:

wild at heart: goodness not consistent

harold and maude: unrealistic realism

seven samurai: no comment (on the watch list)

alien: too confined, lacking full life

american psycho: i'll assume your mush made you type that
oldboy
city lights
fargo
i hate when people put multiple movie titles in the same post. it's like you expect me to upmod your impeccable taste in movies rather than the movies themselves. post one at a time, please.
yes! the vanishing... such muted intensity, subconscious hair-raising, supremely logical entrapment, characters carved from marble, and a finish like a bare-knuckle haymaker. 
2001

alien (and aliens)

amelie

battle royale

blade runner

brazil

children of men

clerks (and clerks ii)

the count of monte cristo (2002)

cube

cypher

dark city

the dark knight

eternal sunshine of the spotless mind

the fall (2006)

felon

the game (1997)

gattaca

good night, and good luck

groundhog day

heat

kiss kiss bang bang

leon

the lord of the rings trilogy

the matrix

memento

office space

oldboy

serenity

the shawshank redemption

sin city

slumdog millionaire

star trek (2009)

taken

terminator (and terminator 2)

twelve monkeys

v for vendetta

wall-e

downvoted, immediately.
ahh, kill bill, nice push. are they one film yet? i heard tarantino was gonna re-edit or just slap them together, but i ain't seen anything yet.
i feel the same, but the third act spiral with kirsten dunst's character seems forced.
point taken.
only on this site would people vote up something that is complete shit like children of men and bash shawshank. this is seriously the last straw. i thought about calling reddit quits once i realized that 99% in the posters are ignorant uninformed liberals that talk out of their ass about topics they actually know nothing about and for some reason this john stewart is the second coming of jesus. that i could put up, but now you guys go and do this...the only response i can think of that is appropriate in this situation is oh my fucking god! and to the people talking about morgan freeman. yeah im sorry he was the best actor or the job and one of the few in the industry that could pull red off. i'm done with this shit site.
cock-palace. you should feel validated.
rushmore is his best, i think. he peaked early with that. everything after it seemed like he was playing the same card.
...you mean chris tucker?
crank happens to be #1 on my list of all time worst movies ever made. the plot is shit, acting is shit, and if you watch closely there are little 2-3sec scenes thrown in that make absolutely no sense and have nothing to do with the movie at all. like a random girl playing with her hair and a shot of random people sitting in some cafe. that movie is literally what will cause the downfall of hollywood. the fact that a second was made makes me question humanity to be honest.
kind hearts and coronets
i don't think the world is ready.
die hard is the perfect 80's action movie.
yep, i'm with you.
the thing
you got to see more than that during the credits.

the movie is hilarious, but the end credits had me bawling.


good but not flawed. else seinfield would never have made "the watch" scene. just watched a week ago and the regret scene sticks out like a sore thumb.

[play time](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062136/)
it is.
twelve angry men
[das boot](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082096/)
figures they'd downvote me. 

when you can quote every line of a movie, it's automatically flawless. after pulp fiction came out, everyone could tell you what a quarterpounder is called in france and that marcellus wallas doesn't look like a bitch.

the same goes for a clockwork orange, and at least in my experience everything is illuminated. they have so many quotable lines that you grow attached to them.  
i stuck around for the credits.....most of them were very amusing, which is rare for such a cinematic device.
dude...

i predict the impending debates to be itemized.
i believe you mean *city of god*.
[i think it got a fair amount of credit.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adaptation.#reception)
good luck on those other sites, where everyone will share your tastes absolutely.

one of the strengths of reddit is its community's propensity for discourse. if you're leaving the site because you're disgusted that people (and by people, let me clarify: *thousands of anonymous people on the internet*) disagree with your opinion, you probably never should have come here in the first place.
shawshank redemption doesn't have wil wheaton though.
it's way too popular. someone should start an anti-shawshank redemption group on the internet somewhere (4chan?)
it is definitely my favorite movie. i could watch it a thousand times and still find something new to admire about it.
i agree. cinema-goers around the world would've been destroyed by the sheer awesomeness of the spectacle.
i want to have a pot.
i just saw dmth, and i fucking loved it. recommended to anyone that reads this thread and also loves evil dead.

amazing movie. seriously.
meeah. tarantino and reality just don't mix.
so what's your favourite poison? synthemesc? drencron? or just making pretty polly to buy alcy-walcy-hol?
the scene where redmond barry's son is dying on the bed is one of those rare emotional scenes that kubrick got right.
according to form 312/l, the ministry of information would like me to inform you that it is.
fuck shawshank, but i'm glad to see another apocalypse now!
barton fink! barton fink!
elevator to the gallows
chinatown 

if you took out any one scene the whole plot falls apart. i think that's what makes a movie perfect. on the other end of the spectrum:

garden state
the life aquatic

i actually like watching the life aquatic but self-indulgent non-sequitirs disqualify a movie from perfection.
why did you write that comment?
[das butt](http://deadon.files.wordpress.com/2007/07/image7.jpg)
i can't watch that movie without becoming a complete mess. i think anyone who has gone through a serious breakup would agree.
i actually agree with both of you. i still thought punch-drunk love was basically perfect (as was there will be blood). magnolia was for sure a little pretentious though.

what i love about pdl:
short
pretty
good story
good performances
tight, sharp direction
amazing
(i'm drunk)
all that hair...
yes, more long lists please.
*we blew it man*
i agree. rushmore was a great film (olivia williams was brilliant) but as soon as i saw *the royal tennenbaums* i realised he was just repeating himself. life aquatic confirmed it and wes anderson is no longer on my "i like this director" list.
i'm going to have to go back and watch that intro, because i'm not entirely sure if that cg panning scene leads to the basement of that specific building, or moves to another building via underground.

i've been asked the question about the end, but i responded as earlier: that between the narrator's final ass-kicking and waking up with the gun in his mouth, tyler calmly walked to the vantage point building (probably getting 5 or 6 henchmen nods on the way)

i'll get back to you on that intro.
hmm, i rewatched recently and it didn't seem to stand up to the test of time for me.
bonnie &amp; clyde

the parallax view 

the godfather

the godfather ii

annie hall

empire strikes back

die hard

crimes &amp; misdemeanors

goodfellas

sideways

brokeback mountain
really? i thought chris tucker did a great job with that character. played a pop diva, talk show idol perfectly. 
hwil hweaton?
stuart little! enough said.
*annie hall*
the usual suspects

gets better every time i watch it.
[hey did you hook up with whoopi goldberg on the show? *all the time.*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnxo3fe7vlg)
i accidentally read that as "leonard nimoy wrote it" and was very excited for about one second.
paths of glory
imho it's a little bit overrated....
perfect movies? 

- the silence of the lambs   
- lawrence of arabia   
- raging bull   
- unforgiven   
- alien   
- 2001: a space odyssey
'there will be blood' is **not** a perfect movie. 

there's a big difference between a movie being good, and being 'perfect'. twbb is a flawed masterpiece. 
and john williams' score for jedi pushes it slightly ahead of empire for mine, especially the music for the throne room and the battle outside the death star.
kubrick's incredibly clear statement on the senselessness and injustice of warfare. all-time top 10 movie, although i usually don't much like old b/w war movies. 
**requiem for a dream**

that movie made me feel so bad. ("ass to ass")
really a wonderfully weird movie with some nice acting, i think. 
okidoke
he bends over and plugs something in, i think that's the undoing of damage shown right there.
yes, expertly made film.
i'll definitely vote for lawrence of arabia as well. such an epic!
i would venture to say 80s/90s action movie. which is now a dead genre. no one can recreate the timing and simplicity that made movies like it possible. but i think we as a movie going culture have changes and just can't accept movies like that as blockbusters anymore.
man, you... missed the point pretty bad.
shoot 'em up is on my top list and i'm a huge movie buff, all genres.  it's just such stupid awesome fun and it does it flawlessly - few movies manage to do that with all the tropes and cliches we know and hate, yet turn around and create something utterly original and fresh.  every scene in shoot 'em up did something i had never seen before!
i loved it up until the anticlimactic finish.  i think if bell and chigurh had some sort of confrontation at the hotel, even if nobody died or if chigurh won, it would have been flawless.  it was what we expected, yes, but unexpected isn't always better.  they cheated us out of the final fight we were all looking forward to the entire movie. a man of pure anarchic evil versus the aging, righteous lawman - that's what we wanted to see, and we didn't.

but until that point, i think the entire movie was edge-of-your-seat with some of the tensest, most brilliant scenes i've ever seen in a movie.  the scene where the gas station attendant flips a coin for his life is probably one of the best, most perfect scenes in movie history, i think.
underrated, unknown, and it's so unfortunate because it's quite possibly the best of all their movies.  it takes the folksy, fabley coen touch of their previous movies and brings it to its finest with excellent work from all involved, redefining one of the first stories ever transcribed and turning it into an adventure through one of america's darkest moments.
i used to feel the same way about the departed, but then i saw infernal affairs.  yes, the departed is superior.  but if you watch the two... the departed has many moments where it is scene-by-scene identical to the original and that scorsese won his directing oscar for what essentially amounts to somebody else's work just offends me in the most profound of ways.  he basically took an interesting crime drama and said, "hey!  i've got more money, so i'll take your story and do it with better actors and a better camera.  but the same story, ahaha!"

i read about all these folks who said that the departed made them angry, and i really did think they were exaggerating until i saw infernal affairs.  i'm really not stretching anything when i say that... about 50% of the dialogue is a direct translation and the rest is filler added by scorsese to change the setting to boston and the crime boss to a real-life fbi informant from the fbi's most wanted list.
i don't remember!
apocalypto?
realistic?  see michael keaton's performance and file it under "i have no idea what i'm doing".
its a lot older, from the 80s or 90s i think,
they are snuffing something (ayahuasca?) by blowing it in each others nose with a long bambostick or something like this.
that was my first thought; it doesn't fit exactly, but it's somewhat close.

to possibly jog the op's memory, *apocalypto* has a scene in which the protagonist, jaguar paw, is being chased by raiders. at one point during this sequence, he accidentally attracts the attention of a jaguar, which chases him at first but then mauls one of his pursuers.

maybe?
i remember thinking it was at least 60% nonsense when i saw it at the cinema.
hard to disagree with spirited away, though i will always have a soft spot for nausicaa because it was the first anime movie i saw.
ikiru

life is beautiful

stranger than paradise

the inheritors

2001: a space odyssey

love is a dog from hell

ghost world

the big lebowski

boyz n the hood

the king of comedy
i enjoyed a lot of those movies - i think we may have similar taste.  a lot of them fail the perfection test though...
i liked adventureland a lot. it's too bad it wasn't in very many theaters and didn't play for too long. i thought it was much better than superbad.
it did something for me -- it pissed me off royally after i sat through the whole thing just to see it *not* have any sort of ending. that movie has no closure, which to me, just ruined the whole thing.
battle royale - i've seen it twice now and i just can't get on board with it.  it's stuck between cheesy and shocking in a bad spot - maybe a big-budget remake would fix it, but on the other hand, western audiences are mostly too desensitized to be as offended by it as they should be, i think.

blade runner - the director's/final cut, yes.  my favorite movie of all time.  the greatest sci-fi, the greatest noir.  moral ambiguity like no other movie i've seen.  after watching it so many times, it's hard to say if roy batty is really a villain or an antihero, or if deckard is even human.  i can go back over this movie a million times and always find a new take on it.

children of men - the two long-take scenes are among my favorites of all movies.  so brilliantly executed, so shocking and violent and tense!

clerks ii - clerks ii was a worthy sequel, but it lacks the timelessness of the original and in my opinion doesn't hold up to as many viewings.  some of the drama in the second half becomes tedious and overlong.  other than that, it somehow managed to be as disturbing and hilarious as the original.

dark city - i believe this is one of roger ebert's personal favorites.  very unknown movie, really, but i love it.  i wouldn't say perfect, though.  something seemed missing and i can't put my finger on it.  maybe i wanted to see more of fat jack bauer.  :)

the dark knight - please, no.  each viewing makes this movie seem worse.  the first time i saw it, i thought it was amazing, but in no way is it a perfect film.  christian bale's digitally-altered voice makes my throat sore and the soundtrack consists of two notes or high-pitched strings being held for three minutes.  the joker is immortal, of course, and the movie was excellent, but i personally find batman begins to be the better film upon multiple viewings.

groundhog day - one of the few romantic comedies you'll find me rating highly.  truly a perfect film, right out of bill murray's prime.  hilarious, inspiring, depressing... it's got so many levels all packed into one simple comedy that i often find people who disregard it, as awful as that sounds.  they just don't look below the surface.

leon - gary oldman's best villain and jean reno's best hero.  "that's why i stopped!"  if only natalie portman's later work could hold a candle to this - she peaked at fourteen years old!

the lord of the rings trilogy - ehhh.  very good, but i have a very hard time remembering key lines or scenes for the most part.  not to say they aren't great movies, i just don't think they're *perfect*.

the matrix - one of the best sci-fi movies ever made.  some people look too deeply and find contradictions in its mythology, others look too superficially and see a bloated sci-fi action movie.  it strikes a key balance between the sci-fi standard of questioning one's identity while keeping things interesting with kung fu and robots.

memento - i forgot.  :)

office space - must be viewed more than one time.  i put this in the same category as other comedies like the big lebowski, where the story and individual lines are often irrelevant - it's the characters that matter, and that's why watching it more than one time makes it funnier.  you grow to love the characters themselves, their personalities, and that's what's so funny.  it bothers me when people quote this movie relentlessly as if it's monty python (which is the exact opposite - funny for its situations and lines with totally forgettable, unimportant characters), when it's michael bolton, peter, bill lumbergh who are funny.

oldboy - the ultimate revenge flick.  anyone who says kill bill is the best revenge movie hasn't seen oldboy.  it's very hard to discuss this one without ruining it, though.

the shawshank redemption - recently picked this one up.  yes, absolutely flawless.  i don't see how anyone could dislike this movie.  andy dufresne is pure hope and few other movies ever manage to be so depressing and so uplifting.  these days we like gritty antiheroes and sad endings, but nothing beats a truly great happy ending and shawshank epitomizes it.

sin city - robert rodriguez's best.  a shame that internal politics will keep him forever out of the academy awards.  i think quentin tarantino is overrated - he peaked early and declined with each movie, and though his worst is better than many directors' best, i can't help but feel disappointed by his recent work.  robert rodriguez, on the other hand, is incredibly versatile and always expanding on his own abilities.  you can see him improve in some way in almost every movie he makes, which adds an extra level to his movies for me.  sin city represented a lot of growth for him as a director and i was glad to see it because i'm a true fan and i want to see him reach the top.

star trek (2009) - i've seen a lot of criticism for this and i have no idea why.  i was literally in tears in the first ten minutes because i had never seen anything so intense and visually stunning as that opening battle.  i was no fan of anything jj abrams had done beforehand, so i went in with minimal expectations.  the second viewing held up.  this really is the greatest space movie since the first star wars trilogy.  it's not very trek, to be sure, but it loses the tedious, overlong, moral bludgeoning of star trek in favor of camaraderie and adventure - the stuff of legends!  it's as much a swashbuckler as pirates of the caribbean with an optimistic, awe-inspiring hop through a bright, unknown future.

taken - the liam neeson one?  i'm going to have to disagree with you here.  it was decent action, but for a luc besson it was severely lacking.  liam's character wasn't sympathetic or interesting, he was just a superhero and the movie was just one of his many exploits.  nothing new, nothing interesting, just some well-done violence and explosions.

terminator (and terminator 2) - terminator 2, one of the best action movies ever made.  the chase scene in the aqueduct is another of my favorite scenes.  arnold does best as a hero, but it's easy to see why he's the only actor to appear on afi's top 100 heroes and villains on both sides as the same character.  i personally find robert patrick's t-1000 to be far more relentless, unstoppable, merciless, and robotic than arnold's t-800 in t1.  he takes the old standard 'three times to kill a villain' and turns it on its head because he can't be killed by anything or anyone.  he is an absolute, he is a machine designed to kill, and that is what he does.

twelve monkeys - brad pitt's performance is stellar, but the cyclical nature of the movie ended up being contrived and cliched for me.  it's hard for me to rewatch movies like that which push fate in your face.

v for vendetta - if natalie portman was somebody else, it would have been perfect.  she's cute but she can't act.

wall-e - i see a lot of praise for this, but personally i think the incredibles is pixar's finest work (although i've yet to see up).  wall-e was charming and easily the bleakest children's movie i've ever seen, but the final act kind of blew it for me and undid all the groundbreaking work of the rest of it.  the incredibles, on the other hand, was absolutely flawless and possibly the best family movie ever made.  i think it should stand among the original classics like snow white and the seven dwarfs.  i can watch it over and over and it never gets dull.  fresh, exciting, witty, deep, visually awe-inspiring... it really has everything and it's so nice to see something like this when there are so few family movies that do it right.

for the ones i didn't mention, i either haven't seen them or don't have any interesting comments.  everything that can be said about alien(s) has been said, and i saw serenity but didn't find anything special about it.  i haven't seen firefly, though, so i don't have an informed opinion.

now for a few additions of my own, some of which have been mentioned here and others which have tragically been overlooked:

shaun of the dead, hot fuzz, the incredibles, young frankenstein, blazing saddles, duck soup, toy story 1 &amp; 2, treasure of the sierra madre, the great dictator, big trouble in little china, jurassic park, casino royale (2006), pan's labyrinth, raiders of the lost ark, die hard, my cousin vinny, spirited away, starship troopers, tropic thunder, and i'd like to give a shout to the tv show dexter.
[like this?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mspa7njuhca)
[emerald forest](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089087/)?  i'm not sure about this because it's been so long since i saw it.
no, they blow it in the nose, not in the face....
hmm, it sounds like 'city of the beasts' by isabel allende, but that's a book, not a movie.
yes, i think that is the one i was looking for, thx so much 
the big lebowski
that isn't a character, that's just chris tucker being himself.
your comment was, yes.
i liked the plot. normal guy becoming distant with his wife and daughter just stops caring. he starts smoking weed, working out, gets the car he always wanted, and just tries to start enjoying his life in general. he could have hit some jb, but didn't, which he should of considering he died soon after. 

but that's life. it's what you make of it and death can come out of nowhere so try and enjoy it while you can.
clerks - the version where dante dies. 

(spoiler if you haven't seen it)

that was such a sad, yet great ending with a lot of meaning. i'm so pissed it got cut. he kept saying "i'm not even suppose to be here today". the whole day his friends were also telling him to go back to school or do something else with his life. then bam he gets murdered.

moral of the story: stop procrastinating and fucking do something with your life.
shawshank redemption is a great movie, but not perfect. i hate how gil bellows played the character tommy. it just annoys me.
perfect movies cant be too long. anything over 2 hours has some character or actor you dont like.  
also a movies in a forign language are easier, i think, to see as perfect. hearing a line, or an inflection in a spoken word that doesnt sit right is impossible because you dont understand it.
yup on dr. strangelove. 
toy story 2


alien
*starship troopers* is the only perfect film i've seen for what is was &amp; what it was trying to do. preference wise though i'm guna say *princess mononoke* because it balances everything so well:)
[sleuth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069281/). don't read anything about it. just watch it. don't bother with the 2007 remake but you can have a look at the pretty good movie it inspired: [deathtrap](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083806/).

[amelie/le fabuleux destin d'amélie poulain](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0211915/). just magical.

[the princess bride](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093779/), but read the book anyway.

[die hard](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095016/). wonderful how all the plot elements click together, something that was somewhat lost in the sequels. and [adaptation](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268126/), for the same reason.

[when harry met sally...](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098635/). brilliant construction that supports the evolving relationship between the characters.

[aliens](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090605/), if you have seen [alien](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078748/) and appreciate meta-fiction.

[the big easy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092654/), [d.o.a.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094933/), [zero effect](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120906/), [sea of love](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098273/), all clever puzzle stories that make you feel smart.

[silence of the lambs](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102926/), [as good as it gets](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119822/), well deserved best actors oscar winners - in both cases, the two main parts.

[heat](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113277/) would have been perfect if de niro's character had gotten away (his death goes against his arc).
i found no complaints about the film, every minute was engaging and interesting, the performances devoted, yet subtle when needed. it's a perfect movie in my mind, though, it would seem, not in yours. 
supposedly there's going to be a cut with both films as one called "kill bill: the whole bloody affair" or some such thing, but tarantino has a way of just saying something will be made and then ignoring it for years and years. 
"ever since i was a little boy, i knew i wanted to be a narrator; people loved to hear the sound of my voice"
the end of that movie always bothered me, when he shoots himself and suddenly brad pitt is gone. didn't make any sense to me and stopped it from being an absolute fave, otherwise very good.
horror - 28 days later

kids - toy story

comedy - the big lebowski

fantasy - star wars iv

all time - pulp fiction
i am surprised no one has listed *bad lieutenant*

i love that movie.
you go and try to organize them. let me know how it goes.
once - real emotion, i'm not sure if this counts because i don' think there is really much acting going on. it's less of a movie and more catching people falling in love on tape.

crank - because it's so honest. it delivers exactly what it's meant to, and nothing less.

almost anything with clint eastwood in it... that might be just me though.
band of brothers is the best war movie/miniseries/whatever i have ever seen.
there will be blood
fuck that attitude, i watch a lot of films and i love the shawshank redemption. with a number of really, really extreme exceptions (meet the spartans), i think it's silly to judge people on the basis of an individual film they love or hate, you should survey their overall tastes.
lost in translation, it's a perfect little romance film featuring stunning performances and the greatest sound track i have ever heard (kevin shields of my bloody valentine actually wrote music specifically for it, which is rather great).

withnail and i, it's extremely funny and captures the bleak mood of urban and rural london perfectly. also  richard e grant is just perfect, the role of withnail was the part he was born to play


also, unforgiven, punch drunk love, cool hand luke, spirited away.


lost in translation. i can watch it at any point in my life and instantly feel calm.
cinema paradiso

the nine queens (argentinian movie)
despite the fact that it exists in five different cuts?
no, the one with the orange hair. and white tape for clothes
clerks.

you can't even get laughed at for $25k in hollywood.  

plus if i remember correctly he sold his comix to fund it.

i'd say it worked out perfectly for him.
back when i lived in the dorm, me and my roommate had an aladdin watching marathon. one of my favorite disney movies.
i'm not sure. there's a movie by terry gilliam called "brazil" you could try watching.
downvoted for liking a movie? that's kind of strange.

cide de deus was also a great movie, couldn't think of it last night =p
12 monkeys

gattaca

for some fresh blood to this list
no such thing as a perfect movie.  some have come close (the godfather, esb, fargo), but each also has flaws that prevents them from being "perfect".
yes, it was pure testosterone fueled entertainment. no strings attached. just pure crazy fun.
i totally agree with you.  i studied film in college and have watched tons of movies.  expectations play a big part in forming an opinion about a movie and very few movies live up to high expectations, but i thought this movie was great.
* 2001 - a space odyssey
* one flew over the cuckoo's nest
* office space
* taxi driver
* blade runner
* vertigo
* rear window
* the holy mountain
* el topo
let's say i was getting laid for the first time in the back seat of my car and the radio is playing in the background. i'm experiencing one of the most memorable times in my life and all of a sudden... a kenny g tribute performed by michael bolton and vanilla ice comes on the radio. i'm probably not going to stop fucking to turn off that song, so for the rest of my life, that song will remind me of one of the most memorable moments in my life. regardless of how horrible it is, it will always be special in some way to me. having said that...

flash gordon came out when i was 5 years old. this was years before vcr's became popular and at that point in my life the only other movie i had ever seen in a theater besides disney cartoons was *the empire strikes back*. i lived in a small town and it was a 45 minute drive to just get to the nearest theater. needless to say, it was quite an event for my family to see a movie.

living in a small town we didn't get fm reception, so when my parents did listen to the radio it was usually am talk. we had cassette tapes and records but my parents were into folk and moog music and i was completely unfamiliar with rock music. so not only was flash gordon epic to me because it was one of the first non-cartoon movies i had seen at a theater, it was the first time i had ever heard queen.

so for me, the music, the images, and the camp that is flash gordon is the perfect movie because it reminds me of one of the best experiences of my child hood.
i really disagree. i like his performance. is it his performance you don't like or are there flaws you see with the character itself?

pam grier, while striking the occasional bad note, was very good overall. it's probably my favorite samuel l jackson performance ever. and robert forster was a revelation.
for me, the movie was about the ride, not the destination.
so tell me what you think about the impact of the french new wave on 1970s-era cinema?
funny, i got excited about elmore leonard writing it.
i like casablanca because it is such an ensemble piece. all the little scenes in rick's cafe with the staff and the customers just make me smile.

in fact, i think the love story, and it's associated flashback is one of the weakest parts of the film.
unless i'm mistake, he already played johnson in rfk several years back.
* the three burials of melquiadas estrada
* there will be blood
* the lives of others
* the counterfeiters
god, why do you hate us?
forgot to add this to my list. it's my all time favorite horror film.
i recommend reading ebert's review of one flew over the cuckoo's nest.  i really agree with a lot of the points he makes about why it was a good film, but not a great one.

http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?aid=/19750101/reviews/501010348/1023
you know, i hear you about scorsese winning the oscar for a re-make, but, in my opinion, they had to give it to him, for fucking him over on gangs of new york and the aviator. kind of like what they did with the lotr trilogy. they waited until the last film to award it the major awards.
he also played zefram cochrane, the inventor of warp drive.
i love pulp fiction.
really, underrated? i've not heard anyone who has seen it describe it as anything less than marvelous.
i like inevitability in conclusions. rick couldn't have ended up with ilsa. anything else would have been contrived and disingenuous.
you're right. a very presidential actor.
heh. he also played a former president in *[the west wing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_stormy_present)*.
agreed. i just think the execution of it isn't as good as the other parts (eg: the sing-off between the nazis and the locals: that's powerful filmmaking).
i saw infernal affairs first and i fuckin loved it. after i saw departed though, i also think it was better. maybe it's a language thing, but the departed did the subtleties, the un-said emotions, better than infernal.

i don't think there was anything wrong with scorsese's version, even though some of the scenes 
were extremely similar/exactly the same as in infernal affairs. i don't think there was a better way to do a lot of those scenes, and i'm glad he didn't sacrifice the end product just to put his own touch on it. i feel like it's more a tribute to infernal affairs, because it was so well executed. after all, scorsese did it with a totally different cast, which is a challenge in itself.
i thought i was the only one!
the big lebowski was way too dialogue heavy. like most cohen brothers films their characters have way too many lines, and far too little imagery. i feel like i am watching an encyclopedia being read to me when i watch their films.
american beauty

reservoir dogs

75% of the coen brothers' movies
he didn't shoot himself, he shot his alter-ego in his mind since they were both the same person. that was his moment of realization that they were both the same person, thus he knew he could control him.
well the character was supposed to be annoying.
i think i may be the only one who didn't care for this movie. i don't regret seeing it or anything, and i can see why people like it, but i thought it was rather dull, simplistic, and preachy.
why?
the shawshank condemnation
seven samurai
city of god or the big lebowksi
this is one of my top most favorate films, just amazing and i totaly agree with you.
18 and nasty 17
[trouble in paradise](http://www.allmovie.com/work/trouble-in-paradise-114545) is my favorite slapstick comedy, and criminally overlooked.  filmed in 1932, it's aged extremely well and is smarter and wittier than most contemporary movies.

if you've ever liked *any* of the classic slapstick comedies, i can't recommend this highly enough.  i watched it with a group recently with people in their teens, 20s, 30s, and 50s, and everyone enjoyed it.
the red violin - i know very few people will get this far down but i needed to add it to the list anyway. it is in my opinion a perfect film, there isnt anything about it i dont like. if you havent see it watch it, if you not convinced it has samuel l jackson in it that should be reason enough lol
the day the earth stood still  (the original)

its a wonderful life

love actually 
i think i prefer back to the future 2.
&gt; crank happens to be #1 on my list of all time worst movies ever made.

thus proving that you haven't seen many movies.
love actually? perfect? 


ok...
i loved the buckaroo banzai homage at the end.
while 'perfect' is a bit to much to apply to any artwork:

matrix (in a universe where parts 2 and 3 dont exist)
terminator 2
blade runner
raiders of the lost ark
amile
twelve monkeys
motherfucking tron (or 'tron' in the world outside my head).

those are some big ones that come to mind, but 6/9 pixar movies, and a whole host of others are subjectively great.

you should see ["the original"](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0038348/) , spectacular
dumbo
do you mean 12 monkey's by gilliam?
easy rider. easy rider fucking rocks. it seems terrible if your not into cult-y movies, or know anything about the late '60s culture. but if your into it, it might become your new favorite movie.
i can't believe no one has mentioned my favorite perfect movie:

*raiders of the lost ark*

it's a perfect move-going experience. i saw it on the big screen again about a year ago and loved it as much as i did the first time.  one of my definitions of a "perfect movie" is that it holds up under repeated viewing over long periods of time.  *raiders* holds up, and it never gets old.
i thought they gave away too much of the really funny moments in the trailers. i still enjoyed it, but i wish i hadn't seen as much of the footage as i had.
... where have you been, dude?
i've seen lots that i like already, but there's little mention of the lotr trilogy and pan's labyrinth. also, toy story- watched that the other day. damn.
really?  i can't comment as i haven't seen it, but i thought amelie was wonderful, and very easy on the eyes.  i loved all the detailed, colorful sets.
the big lebowski is the sort of movie you can watch over and over again and get something new out of it every time.
thems jew filmmakers shore do use too many fancy words! they think they's better than us!
kubrick's most underrated film. the set, costume, and lighting are gorgeous. 
that'll do pig.
*blade runner*? that brings up the question: which *one?*
it's a great movie. pity that few have seen it. love the scene where they're trying to impress each other by demonstrating their pickpocketing abilities.
craptastic? have you even seen dune? 
no, he means *12 monkeys.*
i think you were thinking he said overrated instead of underrated.
*the way of the gun.* very underrated.
yep. great book, craptastic film. hang on, was sting in the book or the film? oh yeah, it was the film. 
fight club!
what?  no ewoks?!
i really love stranger than fiction.

i thought up was perfect too.
i think the ride gave me motion sickness because i wanted to throw up.
"an entire empire brought to its knees by small, furry creatures"
big trouble in little china is perfectly entertaining at every moment. i also vote for the big lebowski. but that's just like, my opinion man
gah. i'll blame that on it being a pre-coffee comment.  my wife would kill me, she's a total grammar nerd.
cohen bros. films are like watching two of your friends having a conversation about whether corn or peas are the superior vegetable, but you can't take part in it, and you cant wait for it to be over. its like fart jokes for the pretentious.
well... the one they just brought out worked for me.
imdb top ten list
which, admittedly, is the most prestigious of the list ;))
if only half of these directors stay connected, im in.


i think it would be more accurate to say it isn't as widely known as it should be - the people i know who've seen it love it, but the ones who haven't are the majority, and they have no intention of checking it out.
shawshank, t2, pulp fiction
    "what films would you consider perfect movies?"

if the op is asking for films, i don't see why they cannot list them all in one comment. :p and you have the option of not voting.
upvote upvote upvote
yep, that's pretty much it.

but dune was awesome (unless you had never read the books, in which case it made absolutely no sense whatsoever).
the lion king
amelie seemed really poor, imo.
*babette's feast,* *gallipoli,* *the incredibles,*  *bad education*
wasn't guillermo del toro attached to this project as well?  either way, this is going to meet if not exceed the epicness of the original film.

and as for hm 2000 ... stay the fuck away from that rubbish
obviously any film cannot be truly perfect, but when the execution of what the director envisioned can be completely understood it can be objectively perfect to a large group of people or even just a small niche of people. so pulp fiction was able to flawlessly showcase a certain style that is appreciated by a very wide range of people, but other movies (e.g. shawshank redemption) are something not every persons point of view can appreciate.
i never read *dune* but still managed to be thoroughly bored by the movie.  it seemed to go on forever.  i knew i was in trouble from the very beginning, when viginia madsen's lovely face fades in and out while she gives what feels like 15 minutes straight of expositional narration--who could excuse that?
especially the natural lighting during the card games!  also, the landscapes are beautiful.  as usual with kubrick, not only great to watch, but great to look at!
i wonder if she gets that smug sense of superiority by not loving shawshank redemption when she meets someone that does.  i know people like that.  i'm like that sometimes too, when i tell people i'm not on facebook.
i would have expanded the movie if i could, added more to before/during the battle of hoth (including the space battle), and maybe a little bit more before the end of the movie.
rear window is my favorite hitchcock, and grace kelly ... well ... rowr!
it hurts my feelings that you had to put "iv"
didn't we really say all we wanted to in saw 7?
days of heaven.
i wish more people knew about "the man who wasn't there"
a candy-colored clown they call the sandman ...
as a filmmaker, he's like the spoiled little kid with add.
a friend of mine said they watched that trial scene in law school.
does anyone else laugh uncontrollably at "dead men don't wear plaid"?
favor returned.
tip-toes to my room, every night...
not perfect. the time spent by luke in his jedi training does not match up with the time spent by the *falcon* crew evading the empire. unless luke's training only took a couple of days, or darth vader was chasing the *falcon* for months. and yes, i was thinking this for years before that *cracked* article.
"the themes of honour and love in casablanca [sic] are delicately intertwined much like a pair of siamese twins"?
*the philadelphia story*
which president johnson?
that's totally underrated, as was "the hudsucker proxy" and the dry humor in "miller's crossing".
seinfeld...?

spielberg?
children of men complete shit?  what?  *what?*  did you see the same movie that i did?  i disagree that it's perfect - it's got a decent hole in the middle - but other than that, it's just fantastic!
i'm stunned by your post. i agree completely. i'm not even sure i could add a third film to my own list.

to everyone else: please go see these films any way you can. don't make the mistake of assuming they don't matter because you haven't heard of them.
meh.
i don't think we're talking about the same movies. 
would you believe kung fu hustle?
ummm... because he's tall, flabby, and sweats a lot?
[sic] what?

oh and, well they are aren't they?
and i'll blame it on the booze
i loved and hated the first heavy metal movie.  the music was astounding and it deserved to be a huge hit on its own.  superb album.   the title sequence story "soft landing" was utterly brilliant, and had it existed at the time, would have been worthy for imax.

however, the movie was almost ruined with the use of the "glowing green ball" continuity.  instead it should have been left as disconnected vignettes, and without the narration.

"harry canyon" worked on its own as futuristic film noir, and could have been expanded into a feature length.

"den" was utterly destroyed.  richard corben's characters were more conan the barbarian than conan.  instead it was played for juvenile yuks.  disastrous.

"captain sternn" was also ruined, first by turning the title character into an exaggerated version, and then trying to inject a serious continuity point into comedy.

"b-17" again hit the peak of brilliance.  it is no mean feat to make horror animation horrifying, but they succeeded.

"so beautiful, so dangerous" reached a new low in suck, in violating two movie rules.  the first being not to godwin a science fiction film by mentioning nazis or using borscht belt jewish humor.  the second is to not overdo drug humor.

"taarna" finished off the movie as a mixed bag.  it didn't help that neither she nor her pterodactyl looked like the poster version, which actually mattered more for her bird than for her.  the movie also had a very good set up, that was concluded too quickly.

among the general comments were that the studio obviously interfered too much in production, and they should have kept the original story lines, without fretting so much about the length of the movie.  instead of 90 minutes it could have easily run 120, and gone into more depth with the better vignettes.
lyndon baines
that was the point. the point is not only to see the wanton violence that chigurh leaves in his wake, but to see how tommy lee jones was powerless to stop it.
**[it's online!](http://www.icheckmovies.com/list/reddit+top+250/piet/) thanks so much for submitting and voting!**

ok, here is the deal: 

we of [icheckmovies.com](http://www.icheckmovies.com/) really appreciate it that you guys helped us get through our beta phase (see [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8k9oh/dear_rmovies_my_friend_and_i_made_a_website_for/)). 

to thank you, we'd like to do something special. we'd like you to make a reddit movie top 100, that we will publish on our website, in the [top movie list section](http://www.icheckmovies.com/list/overview/).

how do you submit or vote for a movie?

post the title of the movie here, with a link to the imdb page of that movie, like so:

[a clockwork orange](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066921/)

if you **like** that movie, **upvote it**. if you **don't like** it, **leave it be**. in a week or so, we should have a top 100, which we will publish as a special movie list on our website.

how about that?

p.s.: can you upvote this comment, so the instructions will be near the top? thanks!

**edit:** wow, thanks for the massive response! we decided to set the deadline for submitting and voting to **[monday 15 june, amsterdam time](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?month=6&amp;day=15&amp;year=2009&amp;hour=0&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=16)** (since we're from the netherlands) :)
[a clockwork orange](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066921/)
[requiem for a dream](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0180093/)
[the lord of the rings: the two towers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167261/)
i can't believe no one has mentioned this one yet: the good, the bad, and the ugly. every single shot in this movie is perfectly set up and framed. the characters are complex and the dialogue is pitch perfect. even the goofy titles and soundtrack, that in any other film would seem ridiculous and over the top, meld perfectly with the rest of the film. plus, the mexican standoff at the end of the film is probably the most badass 5 minutes in all of cinema.
[kiss kiss bang bang](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0373469/)
[the godfather](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068646/)
[all about lily chou-chou](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0297721/)
[aliens](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090605/)
being there. hands down.


[donnie darko](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0246578/)
[dead man's shoes](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0419677/)
[the fifth element](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119116/)
[american beauty](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0169547/)
[the room](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0368226/)
[peppermint candy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0247613/)
[3-iron](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0423866/)
[eternal sunshine of the spotless mind](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338013/)
[jurassic park](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107290/)
[dead ringers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094964/)
[forrest gump](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109830/)
[3 women](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075612/)
[star wars: the empire strikes back](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080684/)
[pulp fiction](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110912/)
[adaptation](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268126/)
[oldboy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0364569/)
[high fidelity](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0146882/)
[fight club](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0137523/)
[v for vendetta](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0434409/)
[apocalypse now](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078788/)
[american history x](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120586/)
[children of men](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0206634/)
the big lebowski
barton fink (both are beautifully written movies)
[back to the future](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088763/)
[amélie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0211915/)
[synecdoche, new york](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0383028/)
[singin' in the rain](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0045152/)
[double indemnity](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0036775/)
[a hard day's night](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058182/)
[pan's labyrinth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0457430/)
[primer](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390384/)
[this is england](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0480025/)
[battle royale](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266308/)
[y tu mama tambien](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0245574/)
[no country for old men](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0477348/)
[sin city](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0401792/)
[seven samurai](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047478/)
[starship troopers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120201/)
[the big lebowski](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118715/)
[the princess bride](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093779/)
[the shawshank redemption](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111161/)
[fear and loathing in las vegas](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120669/)
boo to downvoters, that wasn't part of the rules.

"if you don't like it, leave it be."
[the dark knight](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0468569/)
[braveheart](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112573/)

[everything is illuminated](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0404030/)
[12 monkeys](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114746/)
[brick](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0393109/)
[memento](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0209144/)
[mr. deeds goes to town](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0027996/)
[the manchurian candidate](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056218/)
[dr. strangelove or: how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057012/)
[cool hand luke](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061512/)
[doubt](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0918927/)
[smokey &amp; the bandit](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076729)
[the life aquatic with steve zissou](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0362270/)
[there will be blood](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0469494/)
[infernal affairs ](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338564/)
[reservoir dogs](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105236/)
[mash](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066026/)
[lawrence of arabia](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056172/)
[training day](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0139654/)
[the sting](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070735/)
[all the president's men](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074119/)
[wall-e](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0910970/)
[band of brothers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0185906/)
[good night, and good luck](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0433383/)
[hotel rwanda](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0395169/)
[the incredibles](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0317705/)
[2001: a space odyssey](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062622/)
[gladiator](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0172495/)
[iron giant](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0129167/)
[yojimbo](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055630/)
[ran](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089881/)
[trainspotting](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117951/)
[saving private ryan](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120815/)
[city of god/cidade de deus](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0317248/)
could you please italicize "if you don't like it, leave it be"?  because there are lots of 0's, meaning people are apparently reading over this part of the instructions.
[the boondock saints](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0144117/)
you probably need to disable downvoting to make this accurate.
[snatch](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0208092/)
[the matrix](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0133093/)
[maltese falcon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0033870/)
may i recommend using a script to see all up and downmods for your final count? i'm using [commentroversy](http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/31002) and noticed that rampant downmoding/douchebaggery is afoot. 
[true romance](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108399/)
[the 40 year old virgin](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405422/)
[rear window](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047396/)
[vanilla sky](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0259711/)
[the shining](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081505/)
whoops.
[repo! the genetic opera](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0963194/)
if any movie deserves a downvote to keep it out of the top 100, this one surely does.

but then the vigilantes win.
[star wars](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076759/)
[network](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074958/)
thanks for the link :) i noticed the downmodding too, but hey, at least the thread works and we'll soon have a reddit movies top 100 :)
[the exorcist](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070047/)
there's a script someone linked to avoid this problem.
[life of brian](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079470/)
[blade runner](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083658/)
[gattaca](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119177/)
repo man
[rashômon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0042876/)
too long
[léon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110413/)
[the silence of the lambs](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102926/)
[this is spinal tap](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088258/)
[revolutionary road](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0959337/)

[monty python and the holy grail](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071853/)
[chinatown](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071315/)
interesting that this has as many upvotes as the thread does at this point.
[hannah montana: the movie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1114677/)
[the terminator](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088247/)
[brazil](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088846/)
fargo
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116282/
vertigo http://www.imdb.com/find?s=all&amp;q=vertigo&amp;x=0&amp;y=0
sunset blvd http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0043014/
that only stops people who don't know how to turn off a stylesheet.
[amadeus](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086879/)
welcome to reddit. we've this wonderful part of the community that's too stupid to follow basic instructions. 
[the usual suspects](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114814/)
the treasure of the sierra madre http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0040897/
troll.
click the tiny help button on the right side of the comment box to see how to format links!
[butch cassidy and the sundance kid](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064115/)
[the graduate](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061722/)
[local hero](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085859/)
it's sad because "drag me to hell" was better than evil dead.
[into the wild](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0758758/)
[psycho](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0054215/)
[the thing](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084787/)
[robocop](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093870/)
[goodfellas](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099685/)
[blue velvet](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090756/)
[the departed](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0407887/)
happy campers
[videodrome](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086541/)
[raging bull](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081398/)
[total recall](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100802/)
[taxi driver](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075314/)
[boogie nights](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118749/)
[se7en](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114369/)
[the fisher king](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101889/)
[superman](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078346/)
[big trouble in little china](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090728/)
[midnight run](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095631/)
[the last samurai](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0325710/)
[the wizard of oz](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0032138/)
[heat](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113277/)
a clockwork orange
[black dog](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120610/)
[schindler's list](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108052/)
[the lord of the rings: the return of the king](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167260/)
product placement.

edit: sorry thought of another movie where they harvest people for organs, forgot what it was called
[nights of cabiria](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050783/)
[the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120737/)
[full metal jacket](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093058/)
[to kill a mockingbird](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056592/)
[das leben der anderen/the lives of others](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405094/)
[alien](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078748/)
there are some repeats, please use ctrl+f to avoid this as it's going to be a long thread =)
[caligula](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080491/)
[terminator 2: judgment day](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103064/)
[l.a. confidential](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119488/)
[patton](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066206/)
[the prestige](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0482571/)
[the nightmare before christmas](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107688/)
[in the realm of the senses](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074102/)
[the jerk](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079367/)
[slacker](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102943/)
[batman begins](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0372784/)
[you got beat to it](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4gu1)
[indiana jones and the last crusade](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097576/)
perhaps in some alternate universe, humanity was ended in just that way.  perhaps...
[unforgiven](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105695/)
[die hard](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095016/)
[office space](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0151804/)
[ratatouille](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0382932/)
[finding nemo](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266543/)
[the lion king](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110357/)
[scarface](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086250/)
[wild strawberries/smultronstället](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050986/)
[groundhog day](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107048/)
iv.. the one he linked to.
[toy story](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114709/)
[raiders of the lost ark](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082971/)
[lock, stock and two smoking barrels](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120735/)
[la dolce vita](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053779/) 
[casino](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112641/)
[friday](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113118/)
[letters from iwo jima](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0498380/)
[casablanca](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0034583/)
[king kong (the original)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0024216/)
[citizen kane](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0033467/)
[big fish](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0319061/)
oops! (i'll downvote mine in the spirit of first come, first upvote)
[glory](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097441/)
[the african queen](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0043265/)
[beauty and the beast](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101414/)
[8½](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056801/)
[monsters, inc.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0198781/)
[memories of murder](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0353969/) (salinui chueok)
[aladdin](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103639/)
[amores perros](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0245712/)
[perfect blue](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0156887/)
[jaws](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073195/)
[spirited away](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0245429/)
[das boot](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082096/)
[the goonies](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089218/)
[nausica of the valley of the wind](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087544/)
i hope you mean the original, not the remake. that's what i'm upvoting.
[castle in the sky](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092067/)
[kiki's delivery service](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097814/)
[grave of the fireflies](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095327/)
take that back.
[north by northwest](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053125/)
i would suggest deleting it to stem off those who'll upvote it twice.
[the castle of cagliostro](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079833/)
[the bridge on the river kwai](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050212/)
[watchmen](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0409459/)
[spider-man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0145487/)
[spider-man 2](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0316654/)
[star trek ii: the wrath of khan](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084726/)
[barry lyndon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072684/)
[back to the future](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088763/)
[star trek: first contact](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117731/)
[star trek iv: the voyage home](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092007/)
which vote count will be used for this one?
[star trek vi: the undiscovered country](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102975/)
[the neverending story](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088323/)
[star trek: generations](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111280/)

edit: reminder - the op says we're not supposed to be downvoting.
oh... in that case - downvote.
[the day the earth stood still](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0043456/)

(obviously not the keanu reeves one.)
dupe
there was no episode number. just "star wars".
[deliver us from evil](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0814075/)
http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4drr
&gt; if you like that movie, upvote it. **if you don't like it, leave it be.**

read the fucking instructions. for christ's sake, people...
[army of darkness](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106308/)
[serenity](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0379786/)
[helvetica](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0847817/)
[mary poppins](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/)
[the mist](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0884328/)
[contact](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118884/)
[collateral](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0369339/)
[black sheep (2006)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0779982/)
[dirty rotten scoundrels](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095031/)
[clerks](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109445/)
[the simpsons movie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0462538/)
[the godfather part ii](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071562/)
[dazed and confused](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106677/)
[gangs of new york](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0217505/)
why does everyone think this is a great movie :s?
[american graffiti](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069704/)
[iron man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0371746/)
[borat: cultural learnings of america for make benefit glorious nation of kazakhstan](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0443453/)
[the karate kid](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087538/)
[frailty](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0264616/)
[thank you for smoking](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0427944/)
why don't you?
[rocky](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075148/)
[an inconvenient truth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0497116/)

edit: hey, op says we're not supposed to be downvoting.
i wonder that myself.
[united 93](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0475276/)
[flags of our fathers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0418689/)
[the march of the penguins](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0428803/)
[ghost busters](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087332/)
[wal-mart:  the high cost of a low price](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0473107/)
[crimes and misdemeanors](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097123/)
[bullets over broadway](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109348/)
[crouching tiger, hidden dragon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0190332/)
[hero (the one with jet li)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0299977/)
thanks! i came in to post this movie.
[in bruge](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780536/)
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087995/ 

well, at first it seemed like a decent movie, but the further into the story, the more clichés and the more vague plot developments. the characters were very flat and i could never really sympathize with them. and the ending just totally sucked.

ps, was the mother in the book black as well? because it kind of made me feel like she was the token black, just to make the movie politically correct.
[the hunt for red october](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099810/)
dupe.
[the fugitive](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106977/)
fair enough. i disagree, but i appreciate hearing your opinion.
[harry potter and the sorcerer's stone](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0241527/)
[harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0304141/)
[harry potter and the order of the phoenix](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0373889/)
click the link?
might want to clarify as 'most popular movies' since these never take actual movie quality into account.
glad to see you're not just downvoting ;-)
[who framed roger rabbit](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096438/)
seriously? -1?
the one who actually did it correctly, i.e redeker's.
[old school](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0302886/)
[on the waterfront](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047296/)
[fantasia](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0032455/)
[fantasia 2000](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120910/)
awww... it always makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside when people are nice and civil to each other like this..
upvotes all around!
[quigley down under](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102744/)

yes, i know. it doesn't belong in any sort of "top movies" list, but i really like, so fuck off... 

...except, you know... vote it up before you do...
[payback](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120784/)
[constantine](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0360486/) (just ignore the christian overtone and watch it as a monster/fi flick)
[mallrats](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113749/)
[dogma](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120655/)
[stroszek](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075276/)
[dr. horrible's sing-along blog](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1227926/) - the hammer is my penis.
[platoon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091763/)
[anvil! the story of anvil](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1157605/)
meh, the guys been reviewing movies for longer than i've been alive.  he's bound to go against the grain on a few of them.  
[interview with a vampire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110148/)
[akira](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094625/)
i posted this comment in the other top 100 thread, but this is more appropriate:

(before reddit downvotes me into oblivion, please remember reddiquette and don't downvote comments simply because you disagree with them)

what!? look, fight club was all right- and all, but it was by no means 'one of the best' movies. while the film starts out brilliantly, keeping a slight theme of psychological thriller, the film just completely abandons itself once you learn that spoiler alert ed norton's character was tyler durden all along. i'm talking especially of the scene where he's fighting with himself in the van, being drug around in the parking lot. was this really necessary? if this was meant to just be funny- that's not consistent with the theme of the film, maybe fincher thought he was doing a jim carrey flick after a while? i was disappointed, as the film was going in a good direction, and then suddenly, it stops making sense- drug me in in act i and then threw on a whole 'nother movie altogether in act ii in incoherent fashion.

while i understand the film is more appealing to a younger generation, due to it's coolness factor, i don't think this means the film is a 'great movie' by any merit whatsoever.
[american psycho](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0144084/)
it's not really against the grain. fight club only has a 60% approval rating on rotten tomatoes top critics list. 

this film is not as good as people make it out to be.
[airplane!](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080339/)
[blazing saddles](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071230/)
[young frankenstein](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072431/)
ya, i couldnt figure out how to do that, originally i tried &lt; a href&gt; but that didnt work... how'd you do it?

edit: alright thanks, fixed
what does everyone see in this movie?  it has very high production values and good directing, but i don't get why everyone thinks it's one of the greatest movies of all time.  i thought it was a very typical popcorn war drama.
[the fountain](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0414993/)
[baraka](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103767/)
hit edit on your link and then click the help button in the right corner.
[the contender](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0208874/)
[the corporation](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0379225/)
[the thomas crown affair](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0155267/)
[scent of a woman](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105323/)
[good will hunting](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119217/)
[when harry met sally](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098635/)
[primal fear](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117381/)
[the seventh seal/det sjunde inseglet](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050976/)
having a vote in the comments is hardly representative. the top comments get more exposure and thus more votes. 
i consider both [creator](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088960/) and [brainstorm](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085271/) near perfect, part of their appeal is in the way they go against their respective genres.
my point was that (at this point many) more people have upvoted fight club than have upvoted the op.
[sup] (www.google.com)  
remove the space.
to each their own? *shudder*
[a bittersweet life / dalkomhan insaeng](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0456912/)
[election](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0126886/)
[napoleon dynamite](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0374900/)
[uhf](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098546/)
[roger &amp; me](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098213/)
[sicko](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0386032/)
[fahrenheit 9/11](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0361596/)
[sneakers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105435/)
although he should have given you are contradicting the [spirit of this poll](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4drr).
&gt;if you like that movie, upvote it. if you don't like it, leave it be. in a week or so, we should have a top 100, which we will publish as a special movie list on our website.

take the [json version of this submission](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/.json) and parse it for imdb ids and sort it by `data.ups`.
[the deer hunter](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077416/)
agreed- if the rules are that you can't downmod, then downmods need to be factored out in the final tally. i assume this is covered.
[field of dreams](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0097351/)
[hellboy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167190/)
not to sound like a snob, but the wikipedia of the book is so much better.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fight_club

[life is beautiful / la vita è bella](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118799/)
i think some of the fight club lovers are taking the anti-authority sentiments a little too much too heart and neglect to upvote the instructions.

edit:  oh, that will teach me to comment on the relationship between vote counts.
[slumdog millionaire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1010048/)
[empire of the sun](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0092965/)
[zero effect](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120906/)
i am jack's prefontal lobe as i troll reddit.
[the protector](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0427954/)
tyler durden is the fonze.
[any given sunday](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0146838/)
[three days of the condor](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0073802/)
[the last temptation of christ](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0095497/)
it's definitely in the top 50 movies i'll never forget.
[the natural](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0087781/)
[magnolia](http://http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0175880/)
[the royal tenenbaums](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0265666/)
[i heart huckabees](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0356721/)
[master and commander: the far side of the world](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0311113/)
[sideways](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0375063/)
[superbad](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0829482/)
[the man who wasn't there](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0243133/)
this basically already exists as a subreddit. check it out for the top movies: [r/moviecritic](http://www.reddit.com/r/moviecritic/top/)

edit: it's funny that the same top films rose to the top in this thread too. also, good luck with the site!
[o brother where art thou?](http://www.criticker.com/film/o_brother_where_art_thou/)
[air force one](http://www.criticker.com/film/air_force_one/)

get off my plane
[do the right thing](http://www.criticker.com/film/do_the_right_thing/)
[the great escape](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057115/)
[kinsey](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0362269/)
[stalker](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079944/)
[cast away](http://www.criticker.com/film/cast_away/)
[hot fuzz](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0425112/)
[independence day](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116629/)
[ocean's eleven](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0240772/) the george clooney remake
[chasing amy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118842/)
[waking life](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0243017/)
[casino royale](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381061/) daniel craig- not peter sellers
[meet the parents](http://www.criticker.com/film/meet_the_parents/)
[heavy metal](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082509/)
[diarios de motocicleta (the motorcycle diaries)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0318462/)
[rushmore](http://www.criticker.com/film/rushmore/)
[waiting for guffman](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118111/)
[armageddon](http://www.criticker.com/film/armageddon/)
[the sixth sense](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167404/)
[star wars: episode vi - return of the jedi](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086190/)
[bottle rocket](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0115734/)
[road to perdition](http://www.criticker.com/?fl=5052)
http://www.imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21623849

apparantly i have seen too many movies... it will not let me import my list
[dark city](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118929/)
http://www.imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21623849

is my list too big too import? i keep getting errors
[overnight](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390336/)
[wet hot american summer](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0243655/)
http://www.imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21623849

doesnt work me when i import. is their a size limit?
how can this not have more upvotes...

edit: when i wrote this, there were 3 votes.
i agree a plugin for media players
[basic](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0264395/)
what about a forum for users to talk about movies and the site?
[the hudsucker proxy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110074/)
from syphilis to venereal warts. *in your rectum.* which you may have gotten from a whore in dallas, but it wasn’t a female whore.
[the squid and the whale](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0367089/)
from the imdb comments: "imagine a two-hour episode of "red shoe diaries" written and directed by balki from "perfect strangers". trust me, this is the worst movie you will ever see ever in your entire life. ever."
[cube](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0123755/)
[the man from earth](http://www.criticker.com/film/the_man_from_earth/)
[galaxy quest](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0177789/)
[mulholland drive](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0166924/)
i agree. the book turned me into a hipster douche.
my list isn't complete, but this is what i came up with...

once upon a time in the west

mp's the meaning of life

2001

raging bull

saving private ryan

lost highway

manhattan

the incredibles

i have more, but it's late, and i'd love to hear some other opinions.
i duped this post 8 minutes after it was posted. are you... a dreamer?
apocalypse now
[hearts and minds](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071604/)
julian, theo's ex-wife was actually the mother in the book. but there were a lot of changes in the screenplay. one of the important themes to the actual movie though, was how civilization was regressing to a primitive state and in having a black mother, there's a kind of 'rebirth' of man. much like man originally came from africa, having a black woman give birth to the first baby starts the cycle of man up again. that's what i took away from the changes in the movie at least.
how is this so low?
[american splendor](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0305206/)
upvoted - something is clearly amiss here.
actually, as of this writing, -2. but i would imagine it was downvoted because bob, while *incredible*, is a miniseries, not a movie.
casino royale
really? i thought this movie was just stupid. why is this a great movie?
if only more people knew it as *léon*. : / too bad the original post didn't reference both titles, it would probably spark a lot more upvotes.
conan the barbarian.
was totally not expecting this. interesting submission.
i would recommend to newcomers to the thread, start by upvoting the movies *with the least votes* (that you like, of course). there are plenty of great movies that got fewer votes simply because they were posted later.
[the island](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0399201/)?
why is this not much much higher. it seems as though reddit is now full of 12 year-olds.
it's really well worth watching for anyone that hasn't seen it. it takes a topic matter that seems like it should be boring as hell and makes it absolutely fascinating.
yeh mike huckabee was a pretty good candidate
i agree. i also liked how a third of the movie seemed devoted to displaying how much many typographers despise david carson, followed by him saying "i'm pretty awesome, and i don't give a shit what anyone says." the interplay seemed unintentional, but i found it pretty hilarious regardless.

also, the soundtrack is unorthodox (but good).
the godfather. i know, i know, it's a sort of standard, but the opening sentence sets the tone for the entire film. brilliant opening scene as a whole, as well.
[bringing up baby](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0029947/)
[the deer hunter](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077416/)
[harold and maude](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067185/)
[what's eating gilbert grape](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108550/)
i wish i could upvote you twice.
both of them multiplied together, because the big lebowski is *that* awesome.
you thought you'd just slip that by, huh, hate boy?

edit: spelling
definitely in my top 5.
[the virgin suicides](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0159097/)
[escape from new york](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0082340/)
[woodstock](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0066580/)
pulp fiction
[sexy beast](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0203119/)
[anchorman: the legend of ron burgundy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0357413/)
[raising arizona](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093822/)
i've been on [the rollercoaster where they filmed final destination 3](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kevjlxeyzam#t=1m32s). they exaggerate a few things through editing.
[π (pi)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0138704/)
taxi driver?!?!?!?
raging bull!!!???
aka
the professional

(for those who don't know...)
[the manchurian candidate--the original 1962 version](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056218/)
[ben-hur](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052618/)
[the general](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0017925/)
this needs at least 100 more votes to do it justice.
 [diva](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082269/)
 [manhattan](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079522/)
fight club
the lack of upvotes this is getting is downright criminal.
i'm still angry at that movie. i wanted real-life magic tricks, not science fiction. i felt deceived afterwards.
you need to watch [the illusionist](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0443543/).
[the illusionist](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0443543/)
must... not... downvote...
i'm beginning to lose faith in reddit's taste in quality movies.
so low? why??
[the verdict](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084855/)
[being there](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078841/)
[seven beauties](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075040/)
to be fair, it was kinda' derivative of crouching tiger, but i felt that what it did with its use of colors and "variations on a story" did more than enough to set it apart.
[downfall aka der untergang](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0363163/)
[labyrinth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091369/)
[marathon man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074860/)
[back to the future ii](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096874/)
 [dog day afternoon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072890/)
[once](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0907657/)
[erin brockovich](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0195685/)
[rosemary's baby](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063522/)
[a streetcar named desire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0044081/)
 [ninotchka](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0031725/)
[willy wonka and the chocolate factory (1971)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067992/)
[rocky horror picture show](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073629/)
[little miss sunshine](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0449059/)
[the apartment](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053604/)
reservoir dogs. just saw it today.
 [the crowd](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0018806/)
dupe. http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4kri
dupe
[midnight cowboy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064665/)
dupe. http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4g5l
 [easy rider](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064276/)
[idiocracy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387808/)
[rebel without a cause](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048545/)
[ghost dog: the way of the samurai](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0165798/)
[one flew over the cuckoo's nest](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073486/)
i didn't like crouching tiger. the storylines and the imagery in this movie are so beautifully done. it's like watching a work of art.
 [west side story](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055614/)

the lord of the rings, the fellowship of the ring.
i like them both but i do think that hero is much more artistically focused, and it doesn't hurt that it's also a good deal more accessible and faster-paced.
 [seven days in may](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058576/)
[up](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1049413/)
[city lights](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0021749/)
i was just on imdb checking out reader's reviews, and they are practically *all* 10's with reviews that all amount to "changed my life" or "most beautiful thing i've ever seen". i will be viewing this by tomorrow.
 [risky business](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086200/)
[baller blockin'](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0315253/)
[jackass number two](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0493430/) - laughed so much through this movie i must've liked it
 [sixteen candles](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088128/)
[sweeney todd: the demon barber of fleet street](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408236/)
[gran torino](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1205489/)
boogie nights
gladiator
 [the pawnbroker](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059575/)
 [after hours](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088680/)
 [run lola run](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0130827/)
[dawn of the dead](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077402/) (george romero version, 1974)
[the tenant](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074811/)
my all-time favorite movie.
[ikiru (1952)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0044741/)
upvoted so fuckin' hard my mouse exploded
[the way of the gun](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66xk8fw1qc0)... awesome
[12 angry men (1957)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050083/)
[dupe](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4ijq)

 [lucia](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064609/)
click missysue's entry as well if you vote for repo man
[dupe](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4i8t)
[barton fink](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101410/)

fink fans click here as well
 [saturday night fever](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076666/)
[time bandits](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081633/)
jacob's ladder
[down by law](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090967/)
[lost in translation](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0335266/)
already above. needs to be removed
[a beautiful mind](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268978/)
so delete it already
[star trek (2009)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0796366/)
[control](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0421082/) (ian curtis/joy division biopic)
[25th hour](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0307901/)
[the adventures of baron munchausen](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096764/)

(terry gilliam film)
[bad taste](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092610/) (peter jackson)
[brain dead](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103873/) aka "dead alive" (peter jackson)
[being john malkovich](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120601/)
[beetlejuice](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094721/) (tim burton)
american graffiti
[ed wood](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109707/)

[plan 9 from outer space](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052077/)
[la cité des enfants perdus](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112682/) (the city of lost children)
[the birds](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056869/) (hitchcock)
[dead man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112817/) (jim jarmusch)
*him*self?
[delicatessen](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101700/)
[deliverance](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068473/)
i went to see up this weekend and i saw on-line that it cost $9 a ticket, even on a sunday afternoon, no children's discount. i said, ok, i can deal with the extra cost.

then i get there and they tell me $12 a ticket, $3 more for the 3d glasses. luckily i happened to have the extra money, i've got a job but i'm not rolling in dough.

when i get the glasses they're the exact same kind i've gotten for other 3d movies, the "real 3d" kind. so i'm wondering, if i were to give these glasses to a friend that was going to see up would they be able to not have to pay for the 3d glasses?

this is the first time i got charged more for the movie and the glasses. frankly it colored my movie experience. first off, the 3d effects were very subtle, which is what i expect from pixar but adding $3 to the cost of the movie makes me want stuff to really jumping out at me. second, i know, it's disney, what should i expect, but well, i just thought pixar wouldn't be involved in such a ripoff.

for any other 3d movie i'm calling ahead to make sure i know what i'm in for before i walk in the front door. i don't think most other 3d movies will be able to get away with this kind of price gouging.
[doctor zhivago](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059113/)
[dune](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087182/) (david lynch)
[a fish called wanda](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095159/)
[freaks](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0022913/) (1932)
it doesn't hold a candle to [shaving ryan's privates](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0476592/)
[jabberwocky](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076221/) (terry gilliam)
[jin roh](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0193253/)
[la tourneuse de pages](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0487503/)
[gongdong gyeongbi guyeok jsa](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0260991/) (aka joint security area)
[kill bill: vol. 1](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266697/)
[kill bill: vol. 2](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0378194/)
[lone star](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116905/) (john sayles)
[lost highway](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116922/) (david lynch)
[c'era una volta il west](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064116/) 
(once upon a time in the west) 
[the party](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063415/) (peter sellers)
what is "up"?

edit:

hmm, i just googled it. it's some disney kiddy movie. i haven't seen it advertised anywhere in australia. then again, i don't tend to watch kids movies that much. :)
[shaun of the dead](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0365748/)
[sling blade](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117666/)
[stand by me](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092005/) (rob reiner and whil wheaton)
[i kina spiser de hunde](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0180748/)
(in china they eat dogs)
[the sweet hereafter](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120255/)
[team america: world police](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0372588/)
[the thin red line](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120863/) (terrence malick)
[thx 1138](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066434/) (not the director's cut)
if you were a fan of roger ebert (as i am) you would have avoided 3-d.  his review specifically states to avoid it.  the gimmick seems silly, considering pixar's stories are so much more than "poking the audience in the eye." 
[les visiteurs](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108500/) (aka the visitors. stars jean reno)
[boiler room](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0181984/)
[religulous](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0815241/)
[300](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0416449/)
[the chronicles of riddick](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0296572/)
[eraserhead](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074486/) (david lynch)
[evil dead 2](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092991/)

edit: what son of a bitch downmodded this movie?! i demand an explanation. 
[rivers and tides](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0307385/) 

so nonchalant. the calm before the shit storm. i watched it again last night, complete classic.

i also noticed how many of tarantino's characters have similar names. they mentioned a marcellus and an alabama, and of course mr. blonde's name is vic vega. i'm sure there was another one too which sounded like one from another film.
[a boy and his dog](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072730/) (1975)
[man on wire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1155592/)
something is very wrong when borat has more upvotes than citizen fucking kane
[breakfast club](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088847/)
[walkabout](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067959/) (1971)
[they live](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096256/)
[rain man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095953/)
it's the latest pixar movie (not disney, they just own pixar). it's good but not as good as wall-e, ratatouille or even "the incredibles".
[eyes wide shut](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120663/) (kubrick)
yeah, i paid less to see star trek in imax (and not the crappy "imax experience", but the real thing). that is another point, since it was pixar and their first 3d movie, i thought they were going to go all out with it and they didn't.

i've got a special relationship with mr. ebert, i'm a fan but i'm but i'm also overweight and wear glasses. so most of my adult life when i start talking about movies people always say, "you remind me of that guy on siskel and ebert, ya know, the guy with the glasses", sigh...
[dupe](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4owf)

(and excellent movie)
oh, sorry, it was below the 'click here to load more comments'
[pom poko](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110008/) (aka *the raccoon war*)
[as good as it gets](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119822/)
[predator](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093773/)
lord of war, trainspotting, layer cake
i respectfully disagree. citizen kane may have been a powerfully influential work of cinema, but good god is it slowly-paced and boring by today's standards.
i've focused on opening title/credit sequences but i'm not sure if that's exactly what you're asking about.  for what it's worth:

+ [catch me if you can](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=galdyrun_cc) - evocative of the great '60s titles and helps to draw the audience into that era;

+ [panic room](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5obuxhqhil8) - 3d titles floating in manhattan, subsequently used in fringe, etc, quite innovative in 2002; 

+ [thank you for smoking](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhkbikv0hja&amp;feature=related) - clever, ironic, helps to set the tone of the movie; and 

+ [cube 2: hypercube](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mji0wth0ns4#t=2m50s) - a sort of zoom out sequence (though i have to admit that i now find it less impressive than i did on first viewing).  

i think one could make the case that at least two of these opening sequences eclipsed the films themselves.  in fact the cube 2 dvd i rented a few years ago had a "making of" featurette and amusingly it focused exclusively on the opening credit sequence.

in compiling this list i've realised that i quite like animated title sequences, as opposed to more cinematic shots.
28 days later, but i'm biased towards it because of godspeed you! black emperor.
i was on the fence on this one, but since it's the reddit top 100, an upvote it shall have.
i agree. it is more admirable than entertaining.
hell yes.
dupe.
dupe.
[the adventures of robin hood](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0029843/) (1938, with errol flynn)
[the ox-bow incident](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0036244/)
i'm glad i'm not the only person who loves this film.
i love you.
[crank](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0479884/)
[inland empire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0460829/)
[låt den rätte komma in (let the right one in](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1139797/)
show me.
patton's monologue.
the red balloon
i agree too. however many films above it are neither admirable or entertaining
([sigh.](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4eec))
i kept scrolling...waiting for it to come up...just one more scroll? it can't be that far down!

thanks for posting it! =)
southland tales.
this is a top 100 **movie** list.
[dupe](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4sn7)
sorry - did search, couldn't find it.  will up yours.  in the nicest possible way, of course!
[joe versus the volcano](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099892/)
up yours too!
first contact voted higher than this? for shame.
i wanted to like it but can't get over how much of a twat tom cruise is.
:d
i know it's a miniseries, but it's essentially a ten part movie with movie quality production value.
can you guys explain why you like this movie. i just don't get it
okay? it could have better production value than any movie ever made but the fact remains that you're submitting a tv miniseries to a top 100 movie list.
i must have rented this movie hundreds of times on vhs... 
this needs to be much much higher. best movie ever.
[a scanner darkly](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405296/)
[return of the living dead](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089907/)
[there's already a subreddit for just this purpose](http://www.reddit.com/r/moviecritic/top/).
honest mistake.
milla jovovich.
i like all of tarantino's movies, but i'll take jackie brown over any of the the comic-book stuff he's done since then.
i just rewatched this a week ago, and i have to restate how awesome it was, even when compared to the new one.  the writing and story telling was superb, and it really brought out the best of the characters while touching all the things star trek is about (exploration, being human, optimistic future).
[once](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0907657/)
[sunset blvd.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0043014/)
[princess mononoke / mononoke-hime](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119698/)
&gt; even when compared to the new one.

um... when you remove the nifty special effects and the admittedly great casting, the new one is really a hollow shell of a movie compared to the even-numbered trek movies (prior to nemesis, anyway).
[gran turino](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1205489/)
[million dollar baby](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405159/)
[dirty harry](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066999/)
not to pee on your parade, but there sort of already is a list of the top reddit movies:

http://www.reddit.com/r/moviecritic/top/

[make sure you're viewing links from "all time".]
[forgetting sarah marshall](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0800039/)
i feel like this article might be giving hollywood ideas...

a few to add to the list:
blue velvet
citizen kane

actually, that's all i got.  i keep thinking of classic films and realize "i can see hollywood trying to remake that one."  
[santa's slay - starring wwe's bill goldberg](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0393685/)
it is a classic -- the soundtrack and every scene with welles are dead solid perfect, particularly the final scenes.  however, i've never agreed with its status as the definitive film nor... if i remember correctly, it was a pretty slow starter.

noir fans may also enjoy "night and the city".  lean and hungry and with no wasted movement, it's great noir that feels like a good jim thompson or richard stark book.
there are other good movies in that list, but upvoted for the original version of sleuth.

i'd go further than "don't bother with the 2007 remake" -- the story has lots of twists and turns, so watching the 2007 remake will not only waste your time, but also spoil some of your enjoyment when you the original.
i do, but sticking perfect movies in a blender doesn't create a new perfect movie. :)

as an aside, you might also enjoy j-men forever, which is kind of the same thing, but with firesign theater.  the entire thing is on youtube.
the hustler
i, too, enjoy this movie.
2 points? holy shit. i am about to never visit reddit again unless this gets some serious upvote action.
i really like this movie but top 100?? hmmm
i agree with you. while i love fight club, i feel one of the main reasons i do is because it's hugely based around a club that fights, which is awesome, but that doesn't make it as good as the credit it gets.

in my honest opinion, best movie: the brave little toaster goes to mars. it's the only sequel in history that doesn't completely suck and has a toaster, a vaccuum, a lamp, a blanket and other household shit travelling to mars. 
i just submitted it... but i don't get why no one thought of it before me.
yea, racoon testicles everywhere!!
it's not that, people are just too lazy to scroll this far down haha. or to add.  eitherway this list is looonggg and their are some really good ones far down, but with high votes, is there a way to reorganize by points?
i bloody hate westerns, but this is probably my top five movies of all time.  don't know why it isn't higher.
[natural born killers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110632/)
assumed: a new hope
fuck yeah
[url=http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390521/]super size me[/url]
i'm glad some people are finally upvoting this. it is, by far, one of the most original stories put to film, and the combination of rick baker and cronenberg really made this film a classic.
[wargames](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086567/)
i wish i could upvote this a hundred times.
[here's your dupe.  only 9 hours old and 3 upvotes](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4od1)
why has this not got more votes? seriously, this film is epic.
you know what you've done by bringing this up, right?
give it 50-100 years. when no one alive was born when the films first came to theaters, anything and everything becomes fair game for remaking.
[star trek (2009)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0796366/)
and may we also note that all other star-wars films are disqualified.
someone probably thinks the list has to be *serious business.*
hahahah, i can totally see a bad remake of the _god father_ with shia lebouff, zack effron and someone like will ferrel playing his first serious roll as the godfather. 
love this one. i still haven't been able to find the made-for-tv remake, which was excellent. it had george c. scott and jack lemmon, just to name a few...
they were attempting to remake the birds a little while ago, with naomi watts set to star.
that's a surprisingly large number, even on reddit.
this one had damn well better make it in, given the recurring threads and discussions it provokes around here. :)
agreed. ed norton and paul giamatti!
can we stipulate that we want the director's cut listed, not the original theatrical release? :)
they are both good. i suspect that reddit just isn't that into martial-arts-fantasy films.
at terminator they played this trailer back to back with the one for gamer. both movies about controlling people/things remotely, both stupid action movies, both going to be awesome.
you may want to make a note of which ones get the most up/down action, perhaps a top 5 most controversial list. may as well put the people who can't follow directions to good use in spite of themselves. :)
watchmen
i just want to say i liked t3, i liked salvation, and fuck all the haters. if you don't like the sequels, don't download them.
-1? regardless of whether or not you like it, the rules said no downvoting.
the article names some of seagal's recent films and i've never heard of any of them. you probably have to cut out coupons from cereal boxes to get them.
any hitchcock film?  maybe the author didn't see disturbia?
in bruges. the best movie i've seen in a long while. 
this film may be the best written romantic comedy ever made, and it's consistently funny and poignant throughout.  keep your ridiculous criticism to yourself.
disturbia wasn't exactly a "remake," though. they sort of recycled the premise and did their own thing. they didn't even try to cash in on name-recognition, which i appreciated. 

the same thing happened with that jodie foster movie, "flightplan." same concept as "the lady vanishes," but a totally different kind of movie with a different title. 
just want to point out: mike nelson has gone on record as saying the worst movie of all-time -- when adjusted for budget -- is the phantom menace.
america...fuck yeah! comin again to save the motherfuckin' day yeah!
what christian overtone? tilda swinton and rachel weisz..yum
 * entre nous
 * camille claudel
 * un coeur en hiver
 * the nasty girl
 * europa, europa
 * wings of desire
 * faraway, so close
 * la cage aux folles
 * jesus of montreal
 * la femme nikita
 * shattered glass
 * queen margot
 * my summer of love
 * divorce italian style
 * dogville
 * impromptu
 * truly, madly, deeply
 * the killing fields
 * the motorcycle diaries
 * stage beauty
i can't believe this is being outvoted by the likes of the dark knight and monty python...
dirty filthy love
[the diving bell and the butterfly](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0401383/)
brick

ichi the killer.
hangmen also die
you know, when they did the make-up and special effects like this, without cg... there was something so much more frightening about the movie going experience.

it reminds me of total recall, one of the last films that used mainly prosthetics and models and fantastic make-up effects that you don't see any more, unless it's a low budget film.

you'd figure that there would be more effects people who would want to get dirty and bloody and have fun, instead of sit at a computer all day... but i guess that's where the money is.
&gt; james cameron will co-executive produce and possibly direct a segment of the upcoming “heavy metal” anthology movie.

-- fixed that for ya.
brother from another planet
what, no goodfellas yet? isn't that opening tracking shot some sort of record?
[if...](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063850/)
bin-jip (3 iron)
la haine,
man bites dog,
elite squad,
pans labrynth,
all about my mother,
dead or alive (hanzahaishi)
the reasons it gets voted up here, in no particular order...

* the soundtrack *kicks ass.*  
* the entire premise is unique and utterly insane.  
* the cast was excellent and they put in great performances, even pitt.  
* the cinematography was outstanding on every level.  
* everyone loves a mind-fuck ending. not all that great here, but good enough.  
* just like the matrix, fight club brings out the closet power junkie in most of us.  
* not a few of us are desperately sick of corporate culture in any and all forms.  
* the dialog was clever, insightful, omnipresent, often very humorous, and had a rebellious attitude. the lines "i am jack's colon." and "i haven't been fucked like that since grade school!" are now immortal.  

nobody is going to accuse it of being fine artistic cinema. that's not the point. :)

the scene in the parking lot you refer to was one of the best portrayals of a madman kicking his own ass you'll ever see. how can you not love the line, "ok, you are now firing a gun at your imaginary friend near four hundred gallons of nitro-glycerine!!!" 

it's quotable, it's nuts, it's as politically incorrect as they come. in my book (i'm a sucker for dialog films) it's right there with usual suspects, snatch, my dinner with andre, suicide kings, poolhall junkies, clerks, glengarry glen ross, american psycho, etc.

yes, yes, yes. i put this up for the top 100 and it got down-voted immediately. understandable, but if you haven't seen it, *you* are the one missing out.. (:
dogville. i never see this on anyone's list, great movie.
* el orfanato
* peppermint candy
* final
* kiss kiss, bang bang
you mean to tell me a will farrel movie was crap?

color me surprised.
toto the hero (obscure belgian film; really awesome)
i think this is a bad way to do this, for many reasons:

1. duplication - the same movie can get posted twice, and split votes (which is bad, unless you add the scores of both entries together), or get voted for twice by the same person (which is fine, unless you add the scores of both entries together).

2. voter fatigue - as the thread gets bigger, people are less likely to scroll through the whole list and vote.  a good movie at the top of the list is going to get way more votes than an equally good movie at the bottom of the list.

3. timing - the voting begins before the movies are all listed.  a good movie might show up late in the game, after people have already gone through and voted, and not get as many upvotes as it should (a mediocre movie that was here from day one might end up with more votes, just because it had less competition when it started).

4. format - it's nigh-impossible to scan through this list in any sort of logical way.  any movie that has a reply under it is hidden under a 'load more comments'.  a huge number of movies are hidden at the end under another 'load more comments' section.

if you ask me, you'd be way better off setting up a page on your own site with a fairer survey, and then linking it to reddit.
tears of the black tiger
how can there be a top 100 list if people are putting multiple movies in the same post? i've been criticized for complaining about this on previous self.movies submissions, but it really makes no sense to list more than one movie per post if we're going to make a halfway decent list.
judging by your other favorite film choices, no wonder you think this film is so great.

your tastes will change as you mature.

i would hardly call fight club a dialogue film- if you want to see a real witty dialogue film (with a couple nice mindfuck twists), see [who's afraid of virginia woolf](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061184/).
anything from [studio ghibli](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/studio_ghibli)
ice pirates
i remember seeing this in the cinema. 

mindblowing animation. 
[chungking express](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109424/)
lose the 'a'

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405296/

:)
touch of evil. hands down.

here's a clip of the opening shot:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt2vjzdaqgc
[bleu](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108394/)
i love this film.  i've hardly met anyone who has seen it.  
star wars: a new hope

blade runner

gone with the wind

home alone

whu?
first dvd i bought. 
vengeance trilogy-park chan-wook
it's probably 20 seconds longer....anything to sell a more expensive ticket

ha! same here! i made my then girlfriend at the time sit through it... so great.
i second man bites dog and i'll throw in my life as a dog
i'll add it to my list.
i also have no plans to mature. &gt;)
is it white boy day? naw it aint white boy day.
six string samurai
[the brotherhood of the wolf](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0237534/)
[bom yeoreum gaeul gyeoul geurigo bom](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0374546/)
[suicide kings](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120241/)
[glenngarry glenn ross](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104348/)
[outsourced](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0425326/)
[poolhall junkies](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0273982/)
[the interview (1998)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120714/)
[lair of the white worm](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095488/)
[naked lunch](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102511/)
[surveillance (2008)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0409345/)
[sunshine (2007)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0448134/)
[brotherhood of the wolf](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0237534/)
man, that's a rough movie.
[special (2006)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0479162/)
[ravenous](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0129332/)
[3 10 to yuma (2007)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381849/)
[barton fink](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101410/)
agreed. just fire 'em out one at a time and see where they fall.
[barry lyndon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072684/)
upmodded for [october sky](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0132477/), then quickly taken back.
[quills](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0180073/)
nine queens (argentina)
[shakespeare in love](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0138097/)
[diggstown](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104107/)
well of course, our grand-kids will want to see them in grand holo-3d with intracranial suround soud instead of crappy old 2d and, at best, color and 5.1 sound.
[my dinner with andre](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082783/)
yes, actually. he has a habit of phoning in his roles from time to time. it's like the director forgets to switch him on. when he's engaged, he's great. the rest of the time, meh.
that was a great, quirky film.  sadly, i can't find it on netflix.
yeah, i loaded the page in two tabs, and changed them to 'sort' old, and new, respectively.
[metropolis](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0017136/)

the moroder version.
[the people under the stairs](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105121/)
[*batteries not included](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092494/)
[the quiet man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0045061/)
[waking ned devine](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0166396/)
that was a truly awful film. come on, seriously. the entire concept is offensive.
[night on earth](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0102536/) 
i've been told the original is great too. i was really taken by this recent one.
[sideways](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0375063/)
[tin cup](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117918/)
i agree.  this is a great movie.  i highly recommend ki-duk kim's other films too.
[high heels](http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0103030/) - almodovar
i enjoyed it, so did most everyone i know, including a few theater majors. why is it offensive?
[the aristocrats](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0436078/)
sunshine was great till the last 20 min. then it went right in the shitter.
[the darjeeling limited](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0838221/)
haven't heard of this one. i'll check it out. :)

i assume it's this imdb link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0423866/
fa yeung nin wa (in the mood for love)
2046
mar adentro (the sea inside)
[sneakers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105435/)
[bande à part](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057869/), a.k.a. band of outsiders
[mitt liv som hund](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089606/), a.k.a. my life as a dog
[ikiru (1952)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0044741/)
[spider forest](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0407821/)
now we're being downvoted for this? *what the fuck is going on?!*
split 'em up so we can vote them individually.
[the palm beach story](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0035169/)
[the tall guy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098436/)
huh?
[grizzly man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0427312/)
[talvisota / winter war](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098437/)
[dead of night](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0037635/)

black &amp; white, 1945.
the original british horror omnibus/anthology

architect walter craig, seeking the possibility of some work at a country farmhouse, soon finds himself once again stuck in his recurring nightmare.
which one don't you like?  i don't see any of those movies on top 100 lists.  
[death at a funeral](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0795368/)
try [ name of thing ] ( link you want to share) or you can click on the help button
[gayniggers from outer space](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gayniggers_from_outer_space)
talk about meriting contempt:

&gt; there is a vast divergence between the original book and film. a report in an american cinematographer article around the same time as the film's release states the heinlein novel was optioned well into the pre-production period of the film, which had a working title of bug hunt at outpost nine; most of the writing team reportedly were unaware of the novel at the time. according to the dvd commentary, paul verhoeven never finished reading the novel, claiming he read through the first few chapters and became both "bored and depressed."

from the wikipedia page.

edit: the parentheses in the url are screwing up the link to the wiki page, so fuck it.
[seppuku](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056058/)
[le samourai](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062229/)
the lives of others
kin dza dza
battle of algiers
dersu uzala
hana-bi
koyaanisqatsi
 selvi boylum, al yazmalim
[stalker](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079944/).
[z](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065234/).
presumably it means something like "great movies that are not popular." 
citizen kane's ahead 30-27 right now... after i upped them both. 
[ivan the terrible, part ii](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051790/)
surely the most beautiful wong kar-wai film.
[the color of pomegranates](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063555/)
mmmmmhmmmmm
evil dead 2 is a serious business movie for a serious business list.
let the right one in
[the werckmeister harmonies](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0249241/)
[run lola run](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0130827/)
[the blues brothers (1980)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080455/) 

can't believe this wasn't on the list already. or was it? 
[black orpheus](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053146/)
if i were you, i'd run!

if you were me, you'd be good-lookin'
they're good at coming up with ways of sucking dollars out of wallets.
[knocked up](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0478311/)
[solaris, '72 russian version](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069293/)
[belle de jour](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061395/)
adventures of ford fairlane

harriet the spy
cemetery man
the wraith

oops! here's the link
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109592/
dogville
koo?
better in book form
[confessions of a dangerous mind](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0270288/)
[brick](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4f0u)

[waking life](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4lps)

go is probably in there too. i like brick a lot, go and waking life somewhat less. it's beside the point.

if you split them, we all don't have to like them exactly the same amount.
that's not the point.  the point is that, for this list to work correctly, each film needs to be in its own post.  otherwise, if someone lined one of your movies but hated another, how could they show this?
koo!
i humbly submit that if you've downvoted this, you haven't seen it.
i humbly submit that if you've downvoted this, you haven't seen it.
ah, i think i missed the idea here.  
[the adventures of buckaroo banzai across the 8th dimension](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086856/)
surprisingly good. 
why do i not have a surprised feeling?
my friends and i watched el topo recently and i gotta say, it is by far the weirdest, strangest, unintentionally funny movie i've ever seen.

never watch it alone. bring over friends, especially those that like to point out the absurd or light up.
i liked it too...and since it won about a bazillion oscars, i'd say a lot of people agree with you.  on the other hand, it's hardly "non-traditional" (although i confess i don't really know what that is supposed to mean).
i think it means niche films that didn't have wide appeal. even though sil did win a bunch of oscars it still isn't all that well known. it was one of those sleeper art-house flicks.
[fitzcarraldo](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083946/)
ferrel did a serious role in stranger than fiction.
it didn't seem as much serious as dark comedy. 
[batoru rowaiaru](http://www.imdb.com/find?s=all&amp;q=battle+royale&amp;x=0&amp;y=0) (battle royale)
i remember my mom taking me to see this when i was in grade school. from what i remember it was excellent.
[phantasm](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079714/)
seem? you should *see* it and judge. it's really good.

and dark comedy's can be serious.
mel brooks' blazing saddles is one i'd add to the list. if that movie were made today, production companies would avoid it  like the plague.

edit: structure
wouldn't that kindof be like the same top movies list but just 101-200?
[eraserhead](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074486/)
it's at 8 points now, so i think there are some folks that just don't care.
satantango
[dilwale dulhania le jayenge](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112870/)
[how to get ahead in advertising](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097531/)
this is one of my guilty pleasures. i really like crowe when he gets a good role to shine in, and this was one of them. i also really liked paul bettany as the doctor/naturalist. plus, the movie had some of the most incredible sea battle scenes, and a clever script. i had hoped it would do well at the box office so we could have seen some more of the aubrey-maturin series.
i completely forgot about kim ki-duk since "the bow," figures he's made three movies since then. he's like south korea's art-house woody allen.
[the china syndrome](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078966/)
thx :)
it's not out on dvd in region 1. i have an old vhs copy a sweet ex-boyfriend bought for me from a video store that was closing down.
i didn't think someone would beat me to posting a tarr film.
brilliant movie.
that's why you search the page first before submitting a new movie, or search to find your favorites. 

...but i do agree about the timing issue. i personally have been returning to the thread and rescanning the list to add votes to the good suggestions near the bottom, but understandably not everyone will be doing that.
[working girl](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096463/)
wasn't he the president in "clear and present danger" as well? 
it's a fantastic movie. maybe not your taste, but it had a great script, beautiful set design, incredible cinematography, and great actors giving solid performances. i also happen to really dig the story, which i found to be pretty profound.
[stardust memories](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081554/)
no downvoting, you bastards!
*there they are. don't you see them? -points at the lectroids- there! [evil pure and simple](http://www.badmovies.org/multimedia/moviesl/buckaroo1.mpg) by way of the eighth dimension!*
[a better source than blogspam here.](http://www.traileraddict.com/tags/moon)

what's the connection?
[monsoon wedding](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0265343/)
[lars and the real girl](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0805564/)
[the motorcycle diaries](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0318462/)
[bigger stronger faster](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1151309/)
anything jarmush 
[nobody knows](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408664/)
http://www.reddit.com/r/moviecritic/top/
i hope more people see this movie.
[mediterraneo](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102426/)
8 1/2

it's absolutely criminal how few of you have actually seen 8 1/2. it's the greatest movie of all time, i promise you.
the brother from another planet
what the hell is wrong with you?
the tenant
7 samurai
&gt;that's why you search the page first before submitting a new movie, or search to find your favorites.

yeah, but let's be realistic here, not everyone is going to do that.

edit: for example, gran torino is on here at least 3 times.  (once misspelled)
dv for such ham-handed irony.
[stroszek](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075276/)
secretly the coolest movie ever.
[the man from earth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0756683/)
[gummo](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119237/)
[shallow grave](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111149/)
[garden state](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0333766/)
this is a fun movie but definately not worth this list.
[primer](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390384/)
[che part: one](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0892255/)

part two is just a downer.
interstellar 5555
i've scanned through the list several times and i must say i've been pretty impressed with how well we've avoided duplicates.
[salo, or the 120 days of sodom](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073650/)
who the fuck am i? 

13,000+ comment karma. that's who the fuck i am.

abc:

a:always.

b:be.

c:commenting.

always be commenting!
[the royal tenenbaums](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_royal_tenenbaums)
if i were going to recommend a fellini film, i'd go with *amarcord*.
that's a rather traditional movie.
the movie is basically the book word for word, but it comes with some of the most astonishingly beautiful cinematography i've ever seen. so the movie takes the cake for me.
true wtf movie.
it's on netflix streaming, meaning you can watch it right now (if you have netflix). 
[mccabe &amp; mrs. miller](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067411/)
[thx 1138](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066434/)
agreed, although it's certainly not sturges' best. best to start with the lady eve or sullivan's travels.
21 grams
[au hazard balthazar](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060138/)
i think palm beach is his purely funniest movie and might have the greatest title sequence of all time. overall, sullivan's travels is probably a better film, and the lady eve certainly has its charms.
i can feel the downmods coming, but [the beach](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0163978/) was surprisingly good.

if you really can't stand leo, just turn off the sound and enjoy the utterly gorgeous darius khondji cinematography. someone needs to give that guy more work.
[interview with the vampire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110148/)
[save the green planet](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0354668/)
[i ♥ huckabees](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0356721/)
awesome movie,  george lucus made it for his college film making project, i think.
[being there](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078841/)
the mourning forest
wild at heart
second that.

really compelling sci-fi flick degrades into teenage slasher horror then back to awesome scifi for the last 3 minutes.  really awesome in the last 3 seconds.
weird but lots of fun
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087004/
with 3 votes here, reddit is clearly not the place to get advice on movies.... only one other person clicked? pathetic... gladiator fuck yeah!
it was a perfectly good romantic comedy.
he said "non-traditional." not "completely shitty."
methinks a few folks didn't get the reference. :p
[the station agent](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0340377/)
delicatessen
i agree really, but they should. the overriding problem as mentioned here as well, is that you need to load all the comments before searching or you're only searching a part of them. that's troublesome. there should be a way to expand all base-level comments.
separate posts for each movie, this way people can upvote them individually
yeah, fuck it, i upvoted you too. if it makes the top 100, it will probably be disregarded, but i'll give it some love anyway. bob was astounding.
[o lucky man!](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070464/)
also one of my favorites.
[the kentucky fried movie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076257/)
[in bruges](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780536/)

[battle royale (batoru rowaiaru)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266308/)

[how to kill your neighbors dog](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0207524/)
gotcha, fixed.
nightmares.  for *years*.  horrible nightmares. 
edit: great movie. 
i honestly don't get what makes this movie great. i have seen some strange stuff and i will probably see some more, but this wasn't really enjoyable just because it was strange, it was just strange.
title error 
[the last man on earth](http://www.google.com/search?q=the+last+man+on+earth)

google search because it has the full movie.
you cant get shit!

you are shit!

hit the bricks pal!!!
[the boondock saints](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0144117/)
the conformist (bertolucci)
rome, open city (rosellini)
touch of evil (welles)
bringing up baby (hawks)

[house of flying daggers (shi mian mai fu)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0385004/)
have you read the book?  it's worth checking out if you liked the movie
overrated, and only barely "non-traditional" anymore.
kubrick's least appreciated film, maybe.
coffee is for commenters!
[aguirre, the wrath of god](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068182/)

[city of god](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0317248/)
[dead man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112817/)
i love, love, love this movie! it may not be hip, but, back in the day, it was so weird and awesome! it's my next on netflix, cuz my daughter is now old enough to see it. and then she'll get certain things her dad and i say, like, "laugh while you can, monkey boy". 
so i submitted taxi driver and raging bull and both were downvoted into oblivion. so to whomever downvoted two of the best movies of all time, suck a giant huge horsedog cock.
dupe
closest thing to a duke nukem movie there ever was
2009? if so dupe
dupe
 [bill &amp; ted's excellent adventures](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096928/)
[lucia](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064609/)
posted it on the other thread, but it's probably more deserving here
taxi driver

i prefer palahniuk's original "i want to have your abortion" that was censored to "i haven't been fucked like that since grade school"
just watched this last night on netflix steaming, was really good, but since im not a math/science geek it was hard to follow at first, but this movie tries to deal with the realities of time travel and gets pretty weird at the end.
ahhh... i keep forgetting the skewed demographics of reddit where a quirky, non-linear, 90's german art house flick is considered a "traditional" movie. my apologies.
method, rza, gza, and bill murray = the best diner ever
no. no it wasn't. it really, _really_ wasn't.
who knew? ... or that industry pro's lurk in the background  
many good stuff there. don't know why you are dowvoted. i guess to get upmodes on the non-traditional movies thread you need to post traditional movies  :/
as good as this one is, i really prefer the first of the trilogy, [a fistful of dollars](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058461/). but the good, the bad and the ugly definitely deserves more upvotes.
eight upvotes? ridiculous. in no universe should borat be more "appreciated" than 12 angry men.
omfg zombie monster people are living in the basement.  omfg the couple are actually the mosters; omfg they wear s&amp;m gear!!!
after blue velvet, lynch's best, easily.
ah, i was disappointed, but bunuel needs more representation in this topic
[the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068361/)
[grand prix](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060472/)
the blind swordsman: zatoichi, has a couple great tap dancing scenes
[une femme est une femme](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055572/)
[viridiana](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055601/)
[the phantom of liberty](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071487/)
thank you. this and fitzcarraldo made me realize how much less interesting the world would be without werner herzog.
definitely :) my favourite movie ever ever ever.
the cabinet of dr. caligari: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0010323/

sorry to be out-of-the-loop - can someone explain how to hyperlink my title? thanks.
little otik
[m](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0022100/)
[slacker](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102943/)
johnny depp and jim jarmusch at their finest.
i liked how much it delved into the subconscious and bestial interpretations we have for sexuality and parenting. it's a movie with a, albeit heavily symbolic, meaning behind it. but it's also quite open to interpretation as well. like a bunuel film, it explores the subconscious much better than most directors are capable of. it isn't just strange for the sake of being strange.

lynch did better work later on, but few directors have made as intense an introduction as him.
i tried them and they don't make your "special member" any bigger.
uck. if royal tenenbaums is on this list then there's no place for darjeeling limited. of all of anderson's films only bottle rocket and rushmore (maybe) deserve to be on here. 

to be fair, i really enjoyed tenenbaums and life aquatic is probably one of my favorite films, but a lot of people feel the same way, which goes against the point of the topic. i feel the same way about darjeeling, only it's also not as good as the aforementioned films. 
pi, darren aronofsky's best film (even over requiem for a dream and the wrestler)
[the ruling class](http://www.allmovie.com/work/the-ruling-class-42294)
primer, salo
yup!
really? no love for boondock saints?
seriously? i mean, i suppose you could make the argument that it's so ridiculously bad that it ends up being unintentionally brilliant.

i think this article sums it up pretty well: http://videogum.com/archives/the-hunt-for-the-worst-movie-of-all-time/the-hunt-for-the-worst-movie-o-25_024621.html
the lighting, composition of the shots, the atmosphere, the story. if the movie was just strange to you, may i suggest you haven't thought about it enough or perhaps can't relate? 
i was like 9 years old when i saw it and that sort of thing scared the ever living shit out of me.  


we lived in a duplex (two separate units that share a wall) and my bedroom was in the basement.  other than my bedroom the basement was reserved for the laundry room, the furnace and storage.  


the furnace made scary sounds. 


i could hear the neighbors talking through the walls. 


the stairs to the basement were the type of stairs that don't have "backs".  


the lightswitch to turn off the lights in the basement was in the middle of the basement.  


i'm pretty sure the fastest any human being has moved was me, right after i turned off the basement lights and *fucking ran* accross the basement and took that entire flight of stairs in .001 second flat.
that article was terrible.  i could write something up that would make the boondock saints look a hell of a lot worse than that, and i *liked* the movie. 

i wrote a couple of paragraphs bitching about the lack of actual content in that article and how dumb the two things he actually said were, but there's no point.  deleted.  to each his own. 
they are generally a bright group of people despite the negative stereotype so it would not surprise me. and why not? reddit is full of lively characters, witty  dialogue, and great story ideas. 
that's what i like about this place - it sure ain't middle of the road  :)
this will always be my favorite lynch movie. and bobby peru is one of the creepiest characters ever in a movie. plus they dance to death metal. this movie has everything. 
i haven't seen it, from the trailers i thought it would be all shit. 

might consider watching it now...
[eraserhead](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eraserhead)

fyi, i now hate imdb. every since they've implemented those unblockable popups. 
[before sunset](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381681/)
[before sunrise](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112471/)
i thought the indian sun worship guy was gonna go mad, but nope, they had to kill him and bring in a zombie. whoever wrote that script probably fall off his chair and band his head half way into the writing.
one at a time so they can be individually chosen.  as it stands people would have to vote all of those into the top 100 at once.
[after hours](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088680/)
also his most boring. 

i mean it's interesting technically. shooting candle lit scenes on film is an achievement (and i would kill for the lenses they used to do it), but it shows what is perhaps a lack of creativity on the part of the lighting team and kubrick that they went that route. i mean you can light a scene normally and still have the light look like it was coming from the candles. 

as such the restrictions on the movement of the actors (in order to keep them within the ridiculously narrow depth of field that the camera provides), makes the performances stiff and unnatural, and just results in a movie that's really not that interesting to watch. 
so that's *two* childhood favorites that michael bay's ruining this summer!

**full disclosure**: i didn't like harry potter until i was nearly 18.  and i haven't seen michael bay's *transformers* film, but given the trailers, i actually think i'd love it, because i like explosions and yelling a lot.  but the zing was necessary nonetheless.
[cannibal women in the avocado jungle of death](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094834/)
good movie, but it's still a western which is about as traditional as you can get...
you mean dark *comedies* and if you thought that movie was serious, you didn't get it
lemme add *scarface* - nobody would even attempt to do justice to pacino's tony montana...
i'm there right now
forget it jake
*think i'll have some of them french fried potaters*
[rouge](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111495/)

so optimistic. great to bring you back up after seeing bleu.
funny how it's ridley scott's production company, but they don't have the rights...

i think they are just playing it smart and avoiding direct-prequel territory - exploring a universe many people are fascinated with and a theme that resonates, while staying away from inevitable issues anyone attempting an actual "prequel" would encounter

-especially when you consider we are only ten years away from "flying cars and off-world colonies"
[eternal sunshine of the spotless mind](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338013/)
i like it more than blanc, but i do believe bleu is the best of the bunch.
what about "catch me if you can"?
oh, i disagree. i thought the story was actually quite riveting, no easy feat considering its length and fluidity. 

the problem with watching a movie from a purely technical approach is that it becomes easy lose focus of the narrative and symbolic subtleties. i thought so many of the shots were fantastically representative of the extravagant paintings that plastered the walls of his manor, and saying that the performances were "stiff" is, i think, more indicative of the time period it recreates rather than the camera limitations. 
[fantastic planet](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070544/)
i agree. i usually skip blanc when i watch them again. also, i had a huge crush on juliette binoche after seeing [mauvais sang](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091497/) and [the unbearable lightness of being](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096332/).
she's a damn good actor, but my crush for kate winslet is still tops.
utter garbage.
gummo
must have missed it somehow; i did search before i posted.
when its just "this character was *based on* this real person" that's when the list gets sucky. when its "this real person *is like* that awesome movie character" then its something worth reading.
[the dreamers](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0309987/)
ooooh

saw this last week.
amazing!!!

almost no dialogue.
just wow's me out.
amazing cinematography.
*sigh*

cool movie.

the article doesn't say how they make money, particularly with the website.
[the butcher boy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118804/)
pshaw. i still show it to friends who haven't seen it and nearly everyone enjoys it.

i think it gets a bad rap because it's fashionable to hate on costner. there are plenty of very good reasons to hate on costner, but tin cup isn't one of them.
same title listed on imdb. /shrug
[thomas crown affair](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0155267/)
this movie is such a beauty... so sad and yet, in a good way...
the weepy original score didn't do much for me. moroder's epic yet corny rock score did more. i also like the slightly faster speed, and subtitles instead of silent movie speech frames. i could have done without the colorization though.
do you really think it's that _great_ of an artsy-sort-of-film? i mean it's gory and whatnot, but it seems like audition would fit more into this reddit post, just because of how effective it is at accomplishing its goals...
so melancholy. stellar classic.
not seen it the whole way through but really liked what i saw
great film, why the downmods? it can't be considered mainstream can it?
&gt;rackham a sea-robber of xviii century who used to wear calico suit

oh reary?
then watch [hideous kinky](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0136244/) if you haven't already.
your friends are just humoring you. they really think of you as "that weird kid with the kevin costner fixation."
audition would be art house horror classic. for "non traditional", ichi the killer.
this is a mainstream film with a big hollywood star. also a really really stupid ending!
you shouldn't post this film, it's too much for the reddit crowd~
you have to like to circle jerk with other pretentious assholes to pretend to "get" this movie, so i wouldn't worry about it
this article seems to think its transformers or michael bay's decision. its actually a combination of imax agreeing in 2007 to allow a full 4 week contract and warner brothers picking a poor release date knowing this overlap would exist.
takeshi miike only directed ichi the killer, park chan-wook directed oldboy. they have no real connection.
el topo/the holy mountain
if they were humoring me then the few of them that bought their own copies wouldn't have. :p
[the fall.](http://www.traileraddict.com/trailer/the-fall/trailer)
i wonder what kind of awesome malware we can expect out of this deal.
don't feel bad, no one can follow primer the first time.
i guess i'm one of the few who really enjoyed the last half hour of the film. 

**vague as possible, but spoilers nonetheless lie below!**

it makes perfect sense if you look at the story from the crew's perspective and not the audiences typical "i oversee all" chair. we're supposed to have no idea what's coming, be completely surprised by his arrival. he's in a state of mental collapse and see's these people as a threat.

i loved the entire film.
technically, you're not even allowed to comment without a 27-b
my favorite movie of last year and has slowly crept further up my "top 10" with every additional viewing.
you base your enjoyment of a film based on how "non-traditional" it is years after it's been made?

that hardly seems fair.
i am cuba (1964)
santa sangre (1989)
just to the right of spam.
 * contempt
 * a new hope
tales from gimli hospital (1988)
this video explains the main reason why imax prefers to show transformers 2, instead of harry potter.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynu6_dxwbno
so depressing. almost as depressing as los olividados by bunuel.
yes it does. they're wholesaling the channel and website access to the tv/data companies, who will offer it as a value-added service to those customers who get both tv and data from the same provider.
visitor q (2001)
[blowup](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060176/)
the leads in this thread are weak...
[la haine](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113247/)
you skipped the best part!!!
haven't we met before?
the fucking leads are weak? you're weak.
i think the key point is that michael bay decided to "create" this absurdity to begin with...thus, he can be lumped in with the numb-nuts at imax and paramount.  just one more reason to despise transformers and those who get their jollies from it. 
excellent! that's just what zombies want!
i don't think you're supposed to "get" such a movie.  it's more something you experience.
there's something very bizarre about the way this article is written - from referring to centuries by roman numeral ("in 50s of the xx century") to calling h.g. wells "herbert"
hehe...nice.
honestly, it's too much for me. i still can't screw up enough courage to finish watching it, but i think salo deserves to be mentioned. 
a great movie by takashi miike but it destroyed my innocence =(
[hedwig and the angry inch](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0248845/)
saw this at the toronto film festival, it's amazing.
lost highway
i keep on forgetting that i need to see this movie. i say w00t w00t, good sir.
i did see it. and i agree with maniaq, it was not serious. 
i'm not sure i get your point, but the one i was making is that i don't know a lot of people that *haven't* seen this, which leads me to think that it's rather conventional in its appeal. 
once were warriors
i didn't think too much of los olvidados.

it's not bad - i've just seen too many movies with the same theme. 
[holy mountain](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071615/)
[el topo](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067866/)
[videodrome](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086541/)
aronofsky is subpar. my friends swear by him (i've sat through his other three films), but his characters are two-dimensional and he never answers the "so what?" question for me. that being said, i'll take your advice and check this one out before i downvote it.
beautiful movie.
this film blew my mind when i first saw it, and that was in my early 20's when i was sure i had become too jaded to really enjoy a movie anymore.
perhaps one of the greatest movies i've ever seen. it's a shame it never became popular.
the funniest trivia about the book was when it was read by a us congressman who sat on a us navy subcommittee.  since tom clancy used a lot of realism in his novel, the congressman assumed that the soviets actually had a very quiet "caterpillar drive", but for some reason, he had never been briefed on it.  so he had an aide call the pentagon and ask what was going on.  the first several naval officers had no idea what the aide was talking about, until finally a junior officer, who had read the novel, chimed in.
betty blue
whoa! man. -8 pts? just leave it at 0. was -2 not good enough? -4? -7? i didn't... i didn't even support the war or anything. ):
zooey deschanel is insanely cute.  unfortunately, ben gibbard has possessed her heart :(
don't downvote if you disagree. downvote if it adds nothing to the discussion.

edit: [it's reddiquette](http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette)
i'm about 65% sold - the creator keeps trying to claim that the zombies are not zombies and calls them conversationalists, and they all react the same way.  that words spread the disease.

so it could be a possible allegory, but it just doesn't seem to suspend the disbelief enough that words are a disease.
this article fails to answer the biggest mystery: what the hell does "octorber" mean?
joseph gordon levitt and zooey deschanel?

i'm sold
has jgl done anything of note since brick?
looks pretty damn funny in addition to the zooey factor. i'm sold.
i liked lookout, didn't care so much for stop-loss
i want to has her. 
still waiting for a torrent.
aww, she's wearing a bow. not enough girls wear bows in their hair anymore. ._.
these are mere selections from a [more extensive list](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099810/trivia) on imdb.
bolshevik revolution of 1917. interestingly it actually took place in november (well, kinda...look it up).
i am not going to click through on this one before upvoting. there is simply no need. 

*okay, i clicked through. i needed to see how cute she looked again.
it is a shame that women like her are so rare.
i think we need more high action movies where the hero dies just as he is about to win, and it just ends there with the villain winning or getting away or what not.
[dupe](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4f1u)
i read that and was all "yeah i agree" then suddenly horror... what have i done. o_o
nice, the movie looks interesting, even though i saw the trailer on mute. hope it turns out to be a good romantic comedy, its been a while since a good one of those has come along. the last one i liked was definitely, maybe. totally loved that movie especially coz i am a big ryan reynolds fan, and he did good in that one.
no, you misunderstand me. i know what the significance of "red october" is. i'm just wondering what the heck "octorber" is.
she had me at anal-girl...
in bruges got a huge amout of mainstream coverage and was on most top whatever lists from last year. colin farrel, who i had totally given up on before this, won a golden globe for his performance, so def did get attention. loved the movie, i might add.
sigh, ben gibbard wins.
* the dark knight (joker's bank robbery sequence)
* the matrix (the by now legendary green floating streams of code etc.)
let me correct your title.

zooey deschanel is insanely cute in all the time everything she ever does.
she is insanely cute always. i would do unmentionable things to her holes.
..what? o__o
i liked him in killshot, the movie itself was not so good, but the cast was.
&gt; favorate 

some one is lost in translation...
could not agree more. i mean i understand that it has good characterization and acting performances, but best movie of all time, it is not. people seriously need to get over this movie and get godfather 1\2 back to the top 250.
yeah, it seems he's in a lot of movies that aren't great. but he usually is.  brick, though, rocks my socks off.
flawless movies:


- as good as it gets

- godfather 2

- godfather 1

- lord of the rings - return of the king

- the matrix

- **dilwale dulhania le jayenge** (bollywood anyone?)


i don't know how to tell what time they were posted, but i only posted that title because i searched for it and didn't see it on the page, and thought that it should be there. how should we proceed so it doesn't lose votes? 
[ddlj](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112870/)
gi joe?
meh
the colin meloy lookalike contest?
i know, but it's not what i'd call a mainstream movie..  i don't think i saw it on that other thread.  this thread has way cooler movies so i thought it would fit here better :) 
yeah, i thought i was the only one who was over joyed to see a jgl movie coming out.
hey, this is reddit. there is a downvote button for a reason.
she's achingly cute.

also, who the fuck calls their child "zooey"? sure, you look all hip and different now but you're just setting your kid up for a lifetime of "yes, zooey with two o's". jerks.
here's the actual website minus blogspam:

http://www.traileraddict.com/trailer/500-days-of-summer/international-trailer

it also allows you to view the trailer in "hd".
agreed.
she really is insanely cute, which is why i like her so much. but i was so disappointed when she appeared on the tonight show several weeks ago. she came off as a complete airhead. and most of the movies she's been in haven't been that good, unfortunately. the one big exception was [*the hitchiker's guide to the galaxy*](http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/contributor/1800019171/photo/569854), where i thought she and the movie were very good. i saw *gigantic* a few weeks ago, and it was pretty bad. she looked great in the movie, of course, but otherwise it had nothing going for it.
oh no we're totoro! ^o\_\_\_\_o^
what did totoro have to do with this?
just looked him up, he looks like a poor man's corey feldman.
i have a movie reccomendation for you... but by telling you what it is, it would spoil it. so, maybe you have already seen it; if not, i hope you find it.
attractive girls who can't act? i beg to differ.
what's going to happen?  you make the call!  happy ending?  sad ending?
[zooey vs katy perry](http://www.inmirror.com/files/imagecache/display/files/images/zooey-deshanel-katy-perry.jpg).  

it boggles my mind how two women can look almost identical, yet one is totally adorable and the other totally punchable.  
ha ha! got you now--thought it was a tpyo. sorry i deserve all the downvotes in the world.
that's an understatement!
hey, it wasn't me. i generally don't downvote comments unless someone is being a jerk.
wait, what?
yep, he's a great actor.  look for him to be an a-lister within 5 years, an oscar winner in 10.
just downloaded and watched it.

thanks for the rec, it was brilliant.
yeah, an uncanny resemblance.  katy perry is a bit more...shall we say...voluptious;  i'll take zooey anyday.
it was a remake of a film from the early 50's . the wages of fear , it was a limited release criterion dvd .
watch her in "all the real girls" and fall in love with her again.  the movie is a bit of work at times, but she's great.
mr and mrs glass do, apparently. 
movie looks fun, trailer blew my ass chunks and goop all in its mouth ten times a week.

it's time to dial it back to what trailers used to be...a brief, moving poster.  something to catch your attention...make you curious.  now i feel like i've see 500 days of summer - a shitty, extremely condensed version of 500 days of summer.

if i made a movie, complete trailer creation rights would be right at the top of my contract.  and zooey as my assistant.
at first i parsed this as marty feldman.

i like my interpretation better.
they were in another movie together, called manic. 
*ahem*

allow me to interject.

jd salinger. she's named after zooey glass, a character in *franny and zooey* (and a bunch of his short stories).
by bringing a spin-off of sundance to new mexico, he is trying to encourage native american and hispanic writers and filmmakers to have a voice which otherwise wouldn't be heard.
there are a lot of things i don't know about red october.  i've never seen it.

but should i really?
jason gordon levitt is very talented. looks like a romantic comedy that might be watchable. 
remakes, sequels, adaptions, etc.  meh.
heart zooey.

hell, she made the happening worthwhile.
she was amazing in weeds, i'd like to see her play that type of role again
i think you meant "hd super plus xtreeeeme"
&gt; part two is just a downer.

for someone who hasn't seen it, why?
i think i have a new favorite movie, and i haven't even seen it yet.
i'll second that request.
while we're talking under-appreciated kubrick, "eyes wide shut" is probably better than you remember it... 
she made yes man bearable.
back when disney was making some interesting live-action flicks in their own name, they made one of the best nature movies ever in [never cry wolf](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086005/).

saw this a couple of months ago.  great film and hot zooey.  what more can you want?  well, other than your own zooey.  
walk this way
where as part one was about his successful coup of the cuban government, part two was about the failure of a coup in bolivia.

in part one ,everything went right for the guerillas, they were assisted by people,farmers and even political figures. 

part two is the same exact oppsite and could be considered a mirror of that script.

for example, in part one there are scenes where a farmer will help and give them food, part two, a farmer denying them food. 

part two is the story of his demise, a betrayal from fidel castro, and ---spoiler ahead--- the death of all the characters including che.
this looks like crap.
piracy kills the movie industry, that's why they have to resort to cheaper scripts. right? or was it the other way round?
funny you say that because as i was watching this trailer i was thinking it would be interesting if they fell in love and then she died in a car accident or something at the very end and the movie ended like that.  it shouldn't be a big drawn out death either, they're happy, he's landed the girl of his dreams, she's finally fell in love for real and then whack, car accident, no explosions or gore or screams, just a car accident and then cut to credits.
i'll take a wild guess and say it's a recent movie that rhymes with crotch sven.
maybe it's just that they were in a movie together, but does anyone else see a little heath ledger in joseph gordon levitt's face? particularly at 1:47.
dang!  you said it first!  i was about to say "zooey deschanel is insanely cute. period."
mmmmmm... my own zooey...
[d.o.a.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0042369/) (1950, starring the impeccable edmond o'brien)
bangs.
ah. i look like an illiterate retard now.

thanks :)

edit: i imagine she'd still have to spell her name all the time though. if it weren't for the fact that she's famous.
i want to gas her.


and then do things to her. &gt;_&gt;
i'll just leave [this](http://entertainment.wagerweb.com/hotties/zooey-deschanel-5769.html) here.
light the passion on fire!
i haven't seen jgl in anything since 3rd rock. this was a major shock, seeing him all grown up. he kind of looks like a young sam raimi now.
i had a press pass for the last space shuttle launch. i've been telling people that i've run out of superlatives to describe the experience 

zooey is another superlative-shortage-inducer.

i feel like we grew up together.
meh
are the two mutually exclusive?
you know, when i posted, i thought the same thing immediately after.
gaaaah what is it?
i love it when a plan comes together
[brick](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0393109/) was good.
zooey....
e.g. robin hood. 
i had heard it was going to be bruce willis.
trailer reference.  
yeah, i was about to say that.  what's with this obsession?  she has one face and one vocal tone.  in every movie she's in, hey, guess what, she's zooey!

can people just not recognize a lack of talent anymore and just follow appearance now?  ungh.
&gt; hell, she made the happening worthwhile.

no.  not possible.
i've kind of gotten used to that each alien was made by a different director (for better or for worse). besides, ridley scott hasn't made anything fantastic in quite some time.
you should if you like espionage mixed with nuclear submarine chases. it's good fun, looks fantastic (ilm doing the fx) and a great cast.
things you probably didn't know about hunt for red october *but could have read from the imdb trivia page*.
that's what any takashi miike movie should do so it's almost redundant to mention it.
how are they going to replace mr.t?
tough one.
i'd break up the dynamic completely.
i'd try for don cheadle for howlin' mad murdock.
b.a. baracas - unknown behemoth of any ethnicity.
press "help" at the right bottom of the reply text field.
we all go back in time to rewatch it a couple of times with our timeclones. 
just don't forget to bring the popcorn.
or even better, [the thomas crown affair](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063688/).
nicolas cage actually doing a good movie. must watch.
first time i watch it i had the impression the last tier was kind of weak. on a second view, i believe it makes sense *and* offers a pleasant change of pace. otherwise we'd see people peacefully working on a ship for 30 more minutes or accumulate more technical problems which would be too much.


the problem of psychological stability on lengthy space travel is introduced very early in the movie and is just taken further later on.
jerk-off too-able*
jim carrey would make a great murdock. and throw in rampage jackson for mr t and bruce willis as hannibal. ryan reynolds as face?
no you don't! you just didn't happen to know some actresses namesake. 

a guy i knew insisted on pronouncing her name as it's spelled, like zoo - e. i tried correcting him, but he refused to believe me.
can't wait for no. 3!

[insert diarrhea joke]
wtf does "waiting on a business trip" mean?
dude you liked the h2g2 movie, are you seriously kidding me? have you read the books? none of adams' "tongue-firmly-in-cheek" humor came through in the movie, production values were ordinary, acting performances downright pitiful. i feel i must add though that i don't think those books were written for movies...they just don't translate to cinema with any quantifyable modicum of satisfaction.
not possible indeed, night fell to unrecoverable depths for me, with that movie. 
gonorrhea vagina!  whoa...
hmm, did not know about inception, will be keenly looking forward to it, especially given that nolan is quite possibly, the most gifted director around today. however, entirely disagree with arrested development being the most anticipated irrsepctive of whether it does/doesnt get made. it would be very looked forward to, but surely not the most.
you can tell a lot about a person's character by their body language and facial expressions.  

zooey is one of those people that gives off a very positive and friendly vibe rather than the slutty dramatic types that have saturated pop culture these days. 
mine would be russel crowe in a beautiful mind. it showcases a man so perfectly skilled at his art, it leaves you yourself feeling inadequate. 
heath ledger in dark knight was pretty good.
edward norton -- pick any movie.

but honestly i think 25th hour or american history x was his best work.
luckily i was able to hit back before tinyurl redirected.

__it's the nimp shock site, don't click!__
see because he past away before the movie actually got out and people had a chance to judge, i was skeptical when they said his performance was oscar worthy, i thought they were just giving credit to a late actor, beefing them up a little. after i watched dark knight, i am a believer. that was not heath ledger on the screen, that was just whoa.

i also have to give props to sean penn in i am sam. he is the only actor to ever actually make me shed a tear. i don't want to spoil it, but if you're into good dramas, it's pretty heart breaking, if your into action flicks, you'll hate my guts for recomending it haha
i'll third it, my mind is bending.
off the top of my head, i'd say daniel day lewis in 'gangs of new york' i think was pretty damn good, if not the best i've seen.

actually, pretty much anything he's done has been stellar, but that one in particular was extra good.
add fight club and primal fear to that.
sorta think he was even better in my left foot.
have you ever seen [kiss of the spider woman](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089424/ "kiss of the spider woman")william hurt and raul julia are both incredible
on board with russell crowe, but would vote for his role in the insider instead.
i'd also bring along a [timeline](http://neuwanstein.fw.hu/primer_timeline.html) because even when you know what's coming it's still pretty confusing. incidentally, i think that fits well with the theme of the film. 
i totally respect that, even though i disagree. =)
should be cool, but even better would be a live-action version ala where the wild things are.
well that was a hell of a ride.
several of those outfits look as though they take forever to put on--and take off.
we can only hope she does.
surely that's actually a photo of zooey deschanel's mother.
i think in the trailer it specifies no sex of any kind. xd
brunettes can get away with behavior than in blondes would be complete airheadedness. in brunettes it just seems to come across as endearing.
now you've ruined it! you're ruined it! i was in the middle of a very chaste fantasy and you had to use the word "holes."
sorry, no swedish porno.
had to do a little reading on the character. if you wiki 'whiplash' you read an article about a female character called by that name. from what i can gather, the character's name used to be whiplash, but they then changed it to 'blacklash' at some point. 
i don't see what's so guilty about it!
article is retarded and amerikantabloid is a shill for trueslant.com. id downvote this bullshit twice if i could
i was hoping this was an onion article. hollywood: stop rehashing old shit and get some new ideas flowing!
how about the actual prequel: *a new hope* that this movie is a huge hit and i get to make two sequels (which rocked) and three prequels (which...erm...oh...ah well...were just okay).
i was confused by this as well.  thanks for (kinda) clearing it up.
[original usa today story](http://www.usatoday.com/life/movies/news/2009-06-09-ironman2-rourke_n.htm), written by mike snider. 
should i start asking for the 2 hours of my life back now?
yeah - i found her to be totally lovable until i actually found shit out about her.  

exhibit one "her father, caleb deschanel is an academy award-nominated cinematographer (perhaps most notably for the passion of the christ (2004)"

2) "she was also featured in the video for the offspring's song "she's got issues" "
[http://marvel.com/universe/whiplash\_(mark_scarlotti)](http://marvel.com/universe/whiplash_(mark_scarlotti\))
that guy needs to go to the dentist, stat.
**warning:** contains traces of twilight.
have you watched the bbc series?
it implied shower sex.
dude, i slept through most of the first one and plan on sleeping through most of the second one.
... seriously? that's the first image of the villain from one of the more anticipated comic book film sequels?

i have a lot of faith if fav... but this kind of worries me.
i haven't actually, any better?
casting can make or break a movie.  i'd short this film.
reddit: stop rehashing old complaints and get some real discussion flowing!
i was talking about the male character not getting a "job," and remaining "unemployed."
stay ahead of the wind! 
omg yeah ... it's almost the book in video form. if i'm not mistaken, adams was involved in writing it.
cool i guess, but i'm still looking forward to seeing mickey *in costume*.
zooey deschanel is proof that god doesn't exist. if he did, he would have reserved such beauty only for angels.

edit: tried it as a pick up line. no dice. 
don't call me surely. 
looks like i picked the wrong day to give up crystal meth!
downmodded for containing shit about twilight. 
that would figure. i'll check it out sometime, thanks for the tip.
this should be a firefox add on. 
liam is one of the most frightening villains i've ever seen in movies.
pff. eli roth wants to remake who's afraid of virginia woolf, and make it slashery-er. that's his solution to _everything._
i'm disappointed that i missed out on this *masterpiece* until now.  i get lost in the pace.  the emotions are so powerful, so empathetically poignant.  i'm glad there's so much out there about it because it should be fun to explore. 
so rather than expect her to act in her acting roles, people watch her being her because they think she might be a nice person.

that's kind of stupid.
both versions are great.
you seem like a very shallow person.
yeah, doesn't look like a fair fight.  
that would mean no gf 2, which would make me :(
mummy 1 was good enough. but they really should have stopped there.
i quite liked him in con air too. but i haaaated him in next. and what was ghost rider all about? aaargh.
take some time out to watch reign over me and spanglish. i am not saying that sandler is the definition of awesomeness, i have seen little nicky, click, et al, but the dude can act.
i knew there was a reason that i've been questioning putting whiplash on the big screen. he's always been a huge loser and a rather lame character.
any natalie portman news is welcome. she is an amazing actress who has been overlooked for long enough, possibly because she herslf was too busy with her post graduation. hopefully will get to see much more of her in the coming years.
why not go the whole hog and spend the two hours doing something productive?
amazing film, definitely jim carrey's best performance, one of my favorites.
dark city, others may know it as the movie that the wachowski brothers ripped off to make the matrix.
is it just me, or does mickey rourke look like he's made out of silly putty?

i'll check it out. thanks for the recommendation.
i had completely forgotten about this movie. thanks.
zooey deschanel is always insanely cute.
the movie is okay. it showed a lot of promise for putting out a smart commentary about language. i felt like the end of the movie didn't really up the threads of what seemed to be building up a really smart critique - it just didn't really go anywhere, unfortunately.
is it just me, or does silly putty look like it's made out of mickey rourke?
dicaprio is becoming to scorsese what kinski was to herzog.
all 3 are masterpieces. once upon a time in the west is by the same director and is just as breathtaking.
upvoted for knowing how to backslash escape the close parens in markdown.
it was humorous. not top 100-worthy, but still watchable.
sometimes sleep is the most productive thing you can do.
oh come on! how can they include kareem abdul jabbar for airplane and *not* for his role in game of death? he fights bruce fucking lee!
its called bad plastic surgery kids.
rourke could be crimson dynamo that'd be pretty cool.

edit: i thought he was going to be crimson dynamo not whiplash.
yeah but i don't think dicaprio is quite as crazy and i don't think scorsese has threatened to shoot him yet.
no, i just have standards.
i was ready to comment angrily if lance in dodgeball was absent.  such a classic and hilarious moment.
that article was so bad it would make a horrible video game too
goddamnit, this shit is frustrating.
i don't think he used markdown. he probably just copy pasted the url and reddit turned it into a link. 
oh, a new movie with adam sandler, chris rock, david spade and rob schneider.

perhaps the shawshank redemption is finally gonna be bumped out of it's number 1 spot on imbd.
a. robocop. remake.

why is it that paul verhoeven's* movies always get fucked over by the sequels and remakes they spawn. if they ever touch total recall... well, hollywood will definitely be bitched about somewhat more so on the internet.

*that's right paul, not peter. people who don't who paul verhoeven is shouldn't write lists like this.


well, i can see them not wanting to go with one of the various guy in a power suit enemies for the sequel; really, lack of good super villain enemies was always going to be a problem for making iron man movies; most of the time his main enemy really has been himself, or other captains of industry / technological geniuses.
i never finished the original. want to but, haven't got around to it. i'd rather see him remake this instead of doing 'cell'.
i hope this comes around eventually. i hear it's getting a dvd release in july?
i hope they can salvage the movie. from what i've seen, it looks like a real turd.

ps [click here to read for yourself.](http://www.latinoreview.com/news/sommers-fired-from-g-i-joe-half-the-battle-has-been-salvaging-the-project-7114)
i suppose this is good news.  sommers is quite possibly one of the worst hack directors today.  his movies are the epitome of overblown ridiculous hollywood bullshit.

although it's still an abortion that he was hired in the first place. i think this movie is going to sit around there with pluto nash and the hottie &amp; the nottie.

and fuck i love g.i.joe.  i still have the entire original marvel run (1-155).
i was told this trailer gives away way too much info. http://nymag.com/daily/entertainment/2009/06/shutter_island_trailer_dont_wa.html

true?
scorsese's return to horror is definitely cause to crack some champagne.
i was wondering wtf is up with the suits in the trailer. 

please save this movie i had such high hopes.
i was introduced to this movie by a turkish friend, and it has changed my life.

[wikipedia entry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%bcnyay%c4%b1_kurtaran_adam)
he should have been kicked straight out of the industry after releasing the abysmal van helsing upon the world.
i really liked deep rising.
upvote based on intro music alone.
yes, you should only watch about a minute of it, if you must see something from it.
if you have ifc on demand, you can watch it for 7 dollars.
make him fight the hulk.
**"you can walk on the beach, you can swim in the ocean--under swat team surveillance, of course."**
i'm glad there's no third hellboy, because the way the second movie ended, we'd be in for hellbabies in a sequel.  and that's terrible.
i have a total heterosexual man crush on leo. the movie looks amazing. 
i know this will sound silly to many redditors, but this is a huge waste of tom cruise.

seriously, the guy has some serious acting chops when he gets the chance to show them (collateral, for example), but his days as a big-budget action film star are over - scientology and couch-jumping saw to that. if the man had any sense what was good for him and his career, he'd be seeking out work in smaller films with acclaimed directors (and no, abrams isn't one of them - "popular" is not the same as "acclaimed").

tom cruise as an action star is done. over. it's time for him to start trying to be an actor.
try-to-hold-hands-with-the-screen-able
[adams was involved in the movie too.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0371724/fullcredits#writers)
i loved the first hellboy movie but boy that sequel sucked red monkey balls.
i love the sphere...
yes, i've read the books and i really do like the movie. i will say that the bbc tv series was better than the movie, though. i was pleased to see that the guy who played arthur dent in the tv series made a cameo in the movie.
i wish so badly that deniro had been given a better frankenstein movie to act in rather than that frank darabont and kenneth branagh shitpile.  i hope del toro does it better.
i think del toro may make a frankenstein that's actually true to the book, and that would be very exciting.  i was in high school when i saw the book on the school library shelf, decided it might be an interesting read, and was completely shocked at the treasure i had found.

it's the first time i realized that hollywood was really mangling a lot of classic works, and as a result our culture's knowledge of these works is terribly skewed.  i'd always loved to read but that made me appreciate literature on a whole new level.

i was reminded of this all over again when i recently read i am legend, and even though i liked the will smith movie, those two are about as different as can be.
[xanadu](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081777/)
that's probably the plot for the avengers
really?  i thought the sequel was a big improvement.
you could, but... perlman was just so damned *good* at it.
rotten tomatoes loved drag me to hell, it might be the only good movie raimi has made since evil dead 3. i haven't see it yet myself though.
i thought hellboy 2 was dreadful, but figured they would come back and try to fix it, like the oceans 12 fiasco. 
that must be the second most confusing introduction i've ever seen.
looks freaking awesome.  really can't wait to see it.  

but i thought scorsese's next movie was going to star vincent chase.  (one more month!!)
yeah, i kinda wish i missed the last minute. his clothes alone are enough to tell you what becomes of leo's character.
figure out how to present a video in its correct aspect ratio.
not mangled, just altered.  what is effective to read is rarely effective to watch, and books need to be modified heavily for film adaptions.  i think most are unnecessary, and each medium should stick to its own work, but occasionally you'll see a masterpiece like the original frankenstein film produced.

of course, that's not to say that morons don't actually mangle books to film translations all the time.  for a prime example, see the da vinci code.  i'm just defending the drastically different frankenstein movie here.
hellboy 2 was fantastic.  just look at the critical response.  it was a masterpiece of imagination, visual brilliance, and storytelling, and it's hard to imagine anyone not being enchanted the whole way through.  what didn't you like about it?
the sequel is currently #62 in the [imdb's bottom 100](http://www.imdb.com/chart/bottom).
cgi joe
the trailer looks really good. then again, most trailers do...
i read the book a while back.  it's a good book because dennis lehane is a really good writer, but it falls into a genre of fiction i generally detest.

it's a genre that wants to consider itself "mystery" but it's really the kind of movie you watch and only find out what's *really* going on at the very end, and was completely impossible to guess along the way.  it's the kind of movie that sort of collapses in on itself and is actually much smaller in scope than you thought.

some examples:  "the machinist" with christian bale and "identity" with john cusack.  the final act (or just single scene) completely explains the movie.  for a legitimate mystery, you should've been able to pick up clues, and some movies do this well; "fight club" and "the usual suspects" come to mind.

this book, though, was really enjoyable, but that...shrinking effect at the end was pretty unsatisfying.
just curious but what scorsese movie do you consider to be in the horror genre?
so don't watch it. those of us who liked the first two would be happy to see a third. 
hello? what's this?

*looks around room* 

*slowly unzips pants*

*shudder*
you know, it's funny because for the longest time i thought zooey and katy perry were the same person. i told my friends that the girl from almost famous sings the song i kissed a girl.
god, i assumed there *must* be a third hellboy movie! there was so much hinted at and left unfinished! so many promises of awesomeness yet to come!!! /tear

edit: i'm seriously psyched for the hobbit though, i hope he does a good job. and i'm curious to see how he'll do frankenstein. 
sarcasm...so thick...can't breath...or...continue...to describe symptoms 
proof of this is the dune miniseries. very very close to the book. very very boring adaptation.
shit. that is a good movie.
he started it, and others finished it

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_hitchhiker%27s_guide_to_the_galaxy_(film)

which would explain why it's on track and then suddenly *woooosh* hollywood sets in.

edit: i can't get the end parenthesis to show up in the html markup. add one to get the proper article. 
iron man 2 is going to have three villains. when will they learn!?
i guess the cgi guys don' know how to do thumbs then.
wow...i remember that.

i'm pretty sure she's cold. or aroused.
the good news is that it's a bug and they could fix it.
not to pass judgement on the final movie, but the trailer makes it look kind of cheap.

subject sounds interesting nevertheless.
megan fox doesn't want to be fed. megan fox wants to hunt.
it's not a bug, it's a feature. 
if you're a foot fetish, i guess it is.
i hope i can get those glasses for my next viewing of jurassic park.
have you ever watched young frankenstein? comedic gold!
"the last man on earth" was a more faithful version of i am legend, shot in 1964.  it's free online.  (and stars charleton heston and vincent price)

http://www.archive.org/details/the-last-man-on-earth
that's because the dune miniseries was devoid of any imagination. it's almost as if the director used a "direct-by-numbers" kit when making it.
no!  you need the toe thumbs so you can determine who is real and who isn't!  it's the only thing that keeps our society from turning into a deadly westworld!
hilights of this version of jurassic park:

* megan fox digs up the bones of megan fox in an archeological dig. she is recruited by megan fox to join dr. megan fox on a private island where she has created a technique to clone genetically engineered megan foxes.

* the safety of the visitors of the park are threatened when they discover that, despite being all female, the megan foxes have developed the ability to reproduce (lesbians!)

* megan fox, after sabotaging the park, runs off with a vile of megan fox dna only to have her car break down. she comes across a hungry megan fox who spits acid into her face, and she is eaten alive.

* megan fox eats a lawyer right off of a toilet.

* upon entering the park's headquarters, megan fox saves the day when she manages to interface with the central computer system. she exclaims "it's a unix system! i know this!"
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0258153/
&gt; she looks so good right now.  but you're scared, you're nervous!  explosions!
-michael bay

nice touch.
sorry, i don't know, but you get an upvote for visibility.
anyone else read the title as fails?
you *are* a friendly guy - i have no idea either (tbh it sounds like every other hindi in existence) but i'll throw in an upvote too.
i figured that's the movie the op was referring to, but cape fear and from what i've seen of this trailer these movies are probably better classified as 'psychological thrillers'. unless of course he meant the movie "shine a light" but that wasn't a zombie/horror movie with zombie make-up the rolling stones really look like that.

not to get too off topic here, i like that scorsese is trying his hand at different kinds of movies, but i don't think they are engaging as his earlier movies and this movie looks like it will fall into that category.
"pump up the volume", hell yeah. talk hard!
this review lined up with how i feel, although im happy they ditched the planned ending. hopefully the next movie will be the war we saw in the originals.
same.
can i be your eat-me beat-me lady?
how do i add this to my netflix list?
"fairly successfully, salvation imagines a post-apocalyptic world where the humans are fighting tooth and nail for survival."
like fuck it did, considering the rate at which we saw the terminators being constructed there is no way the humans would be able to have massive airfields and large secure bases like that, not to mention the necessary sources of industrial production to repair and fuel their vehicles.

this has always been the problem of the post apocalyptic terminator franchise, unless they had given the machines some sort of serious handicap the idea that the humans would have survived for that long is just ridiculous.
you probably saw an episode of ramayan
they filmed this in the subway stop across the street from my apartment.  they also have ads for the movie up there.  i feel like someone needs to throw up a sticker mentioning that it was filmed there.
i consider john wayne to be one of the most un-american movie stars. this is due to his unwavering support of blacklisting during the 1950's. he personally helped destroy the lives and careers of many honest, loyal, hard-working american citizens. he is the antithesis of what it means to be a true american hero. real heros stand up for freedom.
word.  i fell asleep during that movie. 
&gt;dreamworks are also looking to create a game based on the concept.

wow.  i find it sad that they are looking to create a video game about kids who go on an adventure *instead* of playing their video game.
good list, avoided the obvious ones like angelina jolie.  emily blunt would get my vote.
anyone interested, the two guys at the very end of the video are in their own sketch comedy group called rue brutalia.  they're really fucking good.  
i would probably have seen this movie if it didn't have john travolta in it. i'm going to see the hangover instead.
humans bounce, you know.
oh, so i hated that movie. i mean the robots were retarded, if i were skynet there would be some serious biological and chemical warfare going on for starters and tons of more minefields.

anyway, i could rant all day about that movie but when the terminator grabbed him and choose just throw him away was...argh. the terminator should have ripped his head off instead.
feet are beautiful.
looks neat. any good?
i knew that 2 second clip of under-ass-cleavage was too good to be true.
scarlett johansson? innocent *and* sexy.
this reminds me of an old asian movie i saw 10+ years ago. i seem to remember that it was rather long. like it lasted all afternoon. we watched it in school, in the band room. i don't remember why. it involved some kind of all-male theater where all the actors wore white face paint. it might have been a period piece. and i remember one scene wear this guy kicks a chair across a room or maybe he was on the chair, tied up, and kicked himself across the room. i just remember that chair sliding across the room. it was on the second floor. he may have jumped out the window at one point. i remember a shot of the door.

more than likely i'll never find out what that film was. i might not even recognize it if i saw it today. it's like there are these things in my memory. the details are gone. they've faded beyond any semblance of recognition. there are only traces left, like the ringing in your ears. or whiffs of that gunpowder smell. the stains on the table. all that remains is the feeling of something having once existed. the feeling of something missing. it's as though i'm haunted by the ghosts of my dead memories. movies we watched in the band room. summers at the beach with distant cousins. the holes we dug in the sand. a wedding i attended as a child. an autumn hike by an abandoned prison. the library of that new england town we passed though. these things seem so far away. like friends i haven't seen in ages. like friends i'll never see again. i can only remember. i'm the only one who can. these moments are meaningless yet if i forget they will be gone forever. did they ever really exist?
that is actually quite possible. ramayan is an old indian mythological tale which had a pretty massive [tv series](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramayan_(tv_series) created on it. 

can you recall any other details? like names of any characters or appearances? did it look anything like [this](http://www.veoh.com/collection/ramayan/watch/v628072ndmxp7kp#)?
exactly. it felt like the director was awkwardly reading part of the book on the set and trying to get it on film half an hour later.

i love the books and i have my personal interpretation of it but i'd sure appreciate someone with talent dazzling me with his own cool interpretation.
an all star cast too. i am aching to see some robin williams brand of comedy!
netflix here.

sorry for the inconvenience, but we don't have this available, if you'd still like to see it though there is an alternative option. it involves reading the above comment over and over while at the same time looking at pictures of megan fox and dropping acid.

also, don't forget to bring a towel. ;)
i was fully expecting to vote that down, but realized that i didn't know *any* of that.  that stuff just proved that eastwood is far awesomer than chuck norris.
it's been too long, really.
it depends upon the smuttiness of your prose.
yeah, he recently had heart surgery, heard it on letterman i think (that was a nice interview btw), which had kept him away from work. he will also being going on his stand up tour once he is all fit and running, hope to see him. 
too bad it's with john travolta.
i don't know actually, i would rather that peter jackson would've made hobbit. del toro makes extremely visually stimulating cinema, but i am not sure how effectively he will handle the mythology of the hobbit specially with the lotr movies baggage (of awesomeness). and jackson was just so good there. guess we'll wait and watch.
that one was so much better.  i saw it at a guerrilla drive-in last year.  the ending was so much more intriguing.
frankly, that didn't look good at all to me. 
fake. for example, eastwood said he [isn't vegan](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/14/movies/14head.html?_r=1&amp;ref=movies).

&gt;despite what you might have read on wikipedia, mr. eastwood is not a vegan, and he looked slightly aghast when told exactly what a vegan is. “i never look at the internet for just that reason,” he said.
where can i find one of those weapons?
cool. clint was a good friend of my uncle's, and i had a chance to meet him at the reception after we attended his funeral. he was standing there in the room, with his back to me. the guy is tall. but as my sister and my mother went over to meet him, among the other people there already meeting him, i thought why bother? what would it mean to say what has already been said to him a million times? so i didn't bother to try to meet him. but i do like his work very much.
&gt;3. clint threatened to kill michael moore

i don't see how that is at all "awesome."

edit: go ahead and downvote you morons. i really don't see how it is "awesome" that clint eastwood threatened to kill michael moore for making that pompous gasbag charlton heston look bad. as far as i'm concerned, anyone who belongs to the nra should be made to look foolish in front of the entire public.
jennifer connolly in a wolf tshirt!
firemen come and attach their hoses to it and turn it on? slut.
kate beckinsale was originally supposed to be barbarella. how is rose mcwhatever considered an improvement?
&gt;3. clint threatened to kill michael moore

that's fantastic.  way to prove a point, clint.

"if you go trying to prove guns are leading to violence and murder in our society *i'll fucking kill you, moore*"
you're right, that's not awesome.  it's a pathetic threat prefaced with an "if".  the same kind of pathetic threats you hear all the time on right wing radio from wingnuts who say if the "government" shows up on their doorstep wanting to take away their guns, then they'll be shooting federal agents.

michael moore was right about gm, about iraq, about the health care industry, about bush.  michael moore is a national treasure, a modern day paul revere.  he tried to sound the alarm to the nation, but the fucking morons were too busy fucking and too busy being moronic to hear it.  how's that foreclosed house going for you, retards?  enjoy your lack of health care, losers.  by the way, the dixie chicks were right about bush -- all good americans are ashamed of that wicked man.

micheal moore to clint eastwood: go ahead, make my day.

perhaps it's because of moore's alleged misrepresentation of what heston said. 
i wasn't going to downvote you until i read "as far as i'm concerned, anyone who belongs to the nra should be made to look foolish in front of the entire public."
no wonder he doesnt like internet, all celebrities have to hate internet, i quote anne hathaway “it’s just giving everyone a bathroom wall to write exactly what they think.”
if jack black gets the role of bilbo i'm going to create my own orcs to ransack hollywood.
0. he's a reagan republican, with all the sickening beliefs and attitudes that entails.
what the hell?  i wrote "0. he's..." but it shows up as as '1'

when i go to edit it, it's still a '0'
markdown automatically numbers lists.
...with his warm, alive hands.
i thought he said "anyone who supports the 2nd amendment should be made to look foolish in front of the entire public", so i downvoted him too.  
they should also have been undergoing repeated mass sprays of defoliants, wipe out the food production and you can wipe out the humans. 
um... i don't see anything like that on his wikipedia page.
the cool thing is, he obviously doesn't let it affect his moviemaking. back when he made million dollar baby, he got a lot of flack for his so called "liberal" ending (which really just made fools of critics who apparently didn't know he ran for mayor and won on a republican platform), and he responded by simply saying that he wasn't trying to make some political point, but that he was trying to make the film true to the characters and what they would do.

i may not agree with eastwood's political views, but i think there are few filmmakers in still working with as much talent and bravery as he has. case in point: unforgiven, where he essentially puts the nail in the coffin of the genre that made his career.
yeah i know what you mean.  as a fan of many of his films,  when i first read some quotes from him regarding politics, i just didn't believe it.

i work with a ww-ii vet who holds to the same beliefs and i forgive him for it since he's being idealistically steadfast for what he believes to be the right reasons, never mind that the world is actually much more complicated.

i've had to put clint in the same category in my mind, but reluctantly so as it seems from the content of many of his films that he must be forced to acknowledge that very complexity.
[bigger](http://imgur.com/ktmbg.png) version. [tiny](http://imgur.com/ywcej.png) version. i thought that would be funny a smug reddit alien wearing those ridiculous 3d movie paper glasses. 
not enough explosions.
that part of the movie really turned me off of moore.  heston was a figurehead, and had alzheimer's.  

moore got admitted to the man's house on false pretenses - it's possible to lie without telling any explicit falsehoods - and then tried to make the old guy look like a fool.  he succeeded, but it was an abuse of trust and plain bad manners.

harumph.
needs to be the alien in profile ala alfred hitchcock presents.

http://images.google.ca/images?q=alfred%20hitchcock%20presents&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-gb:official&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;sa=n&amp;hl=en&amp;tab=wi
took me ages to get that one.  i'm getting old.
i rather like this.
give him a bag of popcorn?
[the palm beach story](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upv__m9dgbq)
nope.it sucks. too specific with the anaglyphic glasses. maybe a reddit alien with a film camera on a tripod? i love 3-d movies though. ( which should be obvious due to my use of the big word "anaglyphic")
i was expecting a big screen with chairs in front, the silhouette of the seated reddit alien apparent beside the mst3k characters.

i might like yours better, but cruise02's suggestion of popcorn is a good one.
bande à part
[once upon a time in america](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087843/)
rotoscope it!
i vote for anne hathaway by sheer virtue of her being the sexiest female past present and future. 

keira knightly? who wants to see a titless barbarella?
that's actually the logo for [r/moviecritic](http://www.reddit.com/r/moviecritic/top/).
not a subscriber.
ha! i did not know that.
i like
maybe the alien dressed like cecil b. demille?
[criticker.com](http://criticker.com)
i think an e.t. reference would be apt.
this guy is on to something here.  i think it needs more research.  
very.
agreed. i recommend it all the time. unfortunately the reddit demographic tends to not watch those kinds of films. it seems that most of the discussion here is about cartoonish stuff like superhero, action, or scifi/fantasy movies.
will she take her clothes off?
fyi: i'm 29. i'm actually considering conducting a study on imdb to objectively verify my suspicion that there have indeed been more remakes over the past 5 years than ever before.
she wouldn't have to in order to play barbarella.
i would say more remakes. back in the day they didn't have anything to remake because they were....oh yea original! 
i think it's a well deserved study. i would also be curious as to how much money was made by stealing pieces of our cherished childhood.
hey! stay classy downvoters!
is this the 3d movies subreddit now?
sigh. this only makes sense if.......jeez why do i even try?
[done!](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditizeme/comments/8qhy5/redditizeme_portconflict/)
maybe for /r/3dmovies?
fair enough, but that's the beauty of wikipedia - sure, any idiot can put something on there, but it won't last long if it ain't true. too many eyes on it willing to call bullshit if something smells funny.
yeah, i'm with you
[harold &amp; kumar go to white castle](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0366551/)
batman(1989)
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096895/
tron (1982)
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084827/
corporate-owned studios can't risk a loss. so they reach for anything with a built in audience. not more remakes, all remakes, save for the occasional comedy. they hedge bets for the sake of our entertainment. it's all fucked. 
i dunno, i kinda' think it would have been better to do this by having people nominate entries first, and then have a separate thread where all of the nominated films are posted all at once, so the votes don't favor films that were suggested earlier.
same in the music industry. and i find it revolting that people grow up learning that these "are" the originals, just because the producers don't have the decency to mention the actual original.
like
good call... i'd completely forgotten about that movie.
i love that movie, but it has the most annoying plot hole i've ever seen in any movie, ever.
i'd be fine with the christian overtone... i hate it because it completely screwed up my favorite comic book character.
it made me laugh, it made me sad, it disgust me, it made me happy. i was well entertained for it's duration.
ok reddit, explain to me the movie the golden compass. not the imaginary religion meaning or government or w/e its suppose to be "about", but the literally plot of this movie. thanks!

edit, lol really why is this downvoted?
she will if i'm going to go see it.  :)
the only movie icon is john wayne
prince of darkness

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093777/
good call.

btw, that movie has *really* not held up well.  it's so unintentionally bad now.  but that just makes it even better if you're watching with a friend!
i think they also have little critters that are supposed to be metaphors *beat self over head* for the characters' souls, and as kids' souls have yet to be set/decided/etc they can still change shape and so on. hence a character with a weasel is a bit of a weasel and so on.  this is somehow important to the plot.

are they actually making the sequels into movies?  i never drank the fanboy cool-aid on the books but it seems a pity not to make the rest as i recall not hating the first one when i watched it on dvd.
thanks, that's perfect.
there is certainly a problem with the way the voting is working.  i think /r/movies will look like a bunch of morons if some of the current top-scoring movies are listed on a top 100 list.
winner! ding ding ding ding ding!
i think it's perfect. simple, evocative. ^5
haha. must be the kids down modding you because you're right, but i agree with you. i have to sadly admit i heard "come with me" by pdiddy before i heard "kashmir" by zepp. i was shone the light, and now i mostly listen classics. 
...and it is *perfect*.
"stay classy" is not an all-purpose retort.
summary: emma watson is still hot.
good riddance.
congratulations!  here's your cheese platter and fried baby!
!!!spoiler!!!


i agree except for one scene- at the end where the woman falls into the mirror and she reaches up futilely only to see it smashed before being consumed by darkness is an image that has bugged me in nightmares for decades.  and the repeated video message at the end that shows her in the church door... creepy stuff.
[dupe](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4hai)
[dupe](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4plv)
[taxi driver](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075314/) and [raging bull](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8qk3t/the_reddit_movie_top_100_to_be_published_on_the/c0a4glr) were previously submitted.

you may need to look to the giant huge horsedog cock inside yourself.
[dupe](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075314/)
[dupe](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1205489/)
[dupe](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0907657/)
i remember this movie because my io cabel box despription for it contained the term "liquid satan".
i'll be so mad if they change the ending from the book.
i loved the book. what worries me is that they've made it into a typical chick flick. the book was so much more than that. i'm crossing my fingers.

edit: [ron livingston playing gomez?](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0452694/)
i agree, the trailer (+ the background song) makes it look like a typical chick flick, whereas the book is so full of emotions.
you should really check out [www.google.com](http://www.google.com).
it's a search engine, it's really neat, you should check it out.
the internet is full of information, and these search engines trawl the internet and can find those things you're looking for.
 
it's really helpful if you've got a phrase or a lyric and want to know where it's from. sometimes you can add "movie" or "book" to the phrase to get better search results from the search engine.
i saw this movi on tv a while back. yeah, it was corny, and yes there was liquid satan, but i thought it was kind of creepy. i'd say it's worth watching.. maybe not by much, but still.
there was a story, not fiction, a while back, of a man who said he didn't jump through time, but through different realities, which was written some years before the tv shows quantum leap or sliders.  he said that it began during a war when he was trapped in an aircraft that was soon to crash.  he shut his eyes and told himself "i'm dreaming", then woke up in a different life and body, in bed.

he said that he instantly had access to all the information about his new life, knew that the woman next to him was his wife, and that they had two children, what his job was, etc.  and that his "old life" was suddenly vague.  he noted that his "old life" had a steep forgetfulness curve, as he had nothing around him to remind him of it, to refresh his memories.  however, it was a new world, with a different history.

a few months into his new life, he was involved in a serious car accident, and again shut his eyes just before the collision, involuntarily thinking "i'm dreaming", and woke up in yet a third life and third body.  the new life continued on for a few more years, but then he shifted again, this time when he was just in ordinary sleep.  from that time forward, it was an irregular event that could happen about any time.

he speculated that this happened to other people as well, that his unique quality was just that he remembered doing it.  he also put an effort into at least remembering one truly unique, major event in each world, that did not exist elsewhere, so he would know if he ever did two lives in the same world.

he admitted that he had no idea of why this happened, or what happened to the other people involved.
holy shit. miscast.
better link. no blogspam or advertisements. 

http://www.traileraddict.com/trailer/the-time-travelers-wife/trailer
am i the only one who's reminded of the lake house? i think i was the only one who liked the lake house...
for me -- as a lover of the book -- it's like this... i have realistic expectations. eric and rachel are great, but neither look quite like the main characters at all. i know it's not going to be the same. i know that they're going to skip the most important, pivotal scenes, and that charisse and gomez will play very, very minor roles (and the audience may only think gomez a lush rather than really understand why he pursues claire). claire will be more gigglygirlycutetease than the fantastic journey of the book that leads her through this maturity, this... becoming a woman? it's just stunning. i am okay with this! all of it! i am not complaining! this is what happens when you want to *see* a book rather than just *read* it!

but -- *but* -- if they don't pull the ending off *just* right -- with the letter, with the room, with what happens, and then right afterward with youknowwho in the same room but at a different time, musing -- then that, alone, would be the catalyst that would mark the film "bad". it is the most beautiful part of the entire story (imo). it is the one i look most forward to seeing. it is the one i hope they took the most care in realizing. (:
the same reason they're remaking karate kid with will smiths son as daniel.
i liked it too.
it sounds like vonnegut's billy pilgrim.
females, like books, are also full of emotions
i've seen the movie many times, (though admittedly to fall asleep to) and i just don't get it. 

-what's dust? 
-whats its power? 
-why is the magistarium trying to stop children from being influenced by dust, especially before their demons stop shapeshifting?
-whats the relationship between dust and demons? 
-whats the relationship between dust and childrens demons being able to shapeshift? 
-why do childrens demons shapeshift?(because the child is still not developed enough to be set in their ways?) 
**"listen:
billy pilgrim has come unstuck in time."**

sweet merciful christ, they've stolen *slaughterhouse-five* and turned it into a chick-flick!
so it's essentially journeyman: the movie?
unskippable pre-play video ad? downvoted.
holy crap.  give us a link.  give us a name.  don't just say non-fiction!  if this has any truth to it, i want to know more!
john carpenter late 80ies classic. back when he still seems to give a shit: 

**spoliers**

psuedo-science, quantum physics, liquid possession, walking dead, murderous mind controlled bums, the mirror!!! 

but the absolute best part is the message sent back through time as a dream warning.  hahaha tachyons!

you can tell it was one of my favorites, no?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lgvead9yh8&amp;feature=playlist&amp;p=770400c039e37b55&amp;index=60
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pt8vty7fjg&amp;feature=playlist&amp;p=770400c039e37b55&amp;index=56

goto: 7:43
i have very vivid dreams of what feels an awful lot like prior lives.  the memories feel just as real as my memories of childhood.  

in one i remember being in a green field next to a house.  i was a red coat.  i had a musket or something.  i remember that i thought differently too than i do now.  like it wasn't me.  i remember our lines were scattered and there was a lot of smoke.  i started to run up a hill... got hit by something from behind.  when i tried to get up my head was grabbed real quick.  i looked up just in time to see an indian with a mohawk, feather, and red war paint slashing down with a knife.  

again, this is nothing except that it felt very very very real. i can still feel the mist and dew of the day.  the sun was there too.  like it was 10 oclock in the morning and the sun was just finishing up burning up the morning wetness.  i remember the scratchiness of the uniform.  i also remember hating my boots. 

the weird thing was that my thinking was me but it not at all me as i am now.  it was like the life i had lived up to that point was largely ignorant.  i barely knew who or what i was fighting against.  i felt like i just got off a ship a month or two ago.  i also remember missing home really bad... like it was really long and far away.  

next part of the dream was i was in a very white waiting room.  there were lots of very white light.  it was incredibly peaceful.  i waited.  it felt like i waited both for a very long time and a very short time.  it was like i knew time passed differently in the waiting room than 'out there.'  after a short time, i felt an urge to just go out the back door into a garden ... like something inside was telling it was time.  i did and something happened - it felt like i departed back to the world in a different time... and i remember feeling regret.  
except billy lived only one life, and simply jumped through it at random times.
damn you.  i knew what it was, but was still compelled to watch it.
because the first one made an obscene amount of money.
hero
wouldn't the nomination part have the exact same problems?
tip: if you turn down the volume and sing the back to the future theme then the trailer becomes a lot more enjoyable.
there was an interesting korean horror/fantasy a couple of years ago called hansel &amp; gretel...
i agree, but the musical part should have had subtitles for the audience to sing along.
meh. i found the third one to be more enjoyable than the first two, though perhaps that was tom's growing madness seeping through the screen. 
and then i probed your butt.
the book was like an instruction manual on how to make women fall in love with you.
posting spoilers is a pretty terrible way to get others enthusiastic about watching a film you like.
i completely disagree. i didn't watch it until last year and i thought it was great.
because s. darko wasn't bad enough.
i was hoping you were joking while simultaneously hoping that if you weren't, they wouldn't tap jackie chan for mr. miyagi.

[damn.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1155076/)
my sister loved it, but i often use that as an example of her poor judgment.
up is supposed to be awesome in 3d, as with a bunch of recent movies. maybe it is just another fad, but respectable movies are using the technology.
that's all there was, and it was a long time ago.  there are many extraordinary tales like that, not the same, but extraordinary in their own way, people are awed for a few days, then forget about it.  almost nobody has any lasting interest in doing what it takes to do stuff like that.
i didn't get an ad at all. i did however have to look at that hideous website.
you should check your numbers again... even with strong dvd sales, "donnie" probably only broke even due to an incredibly poor showing at the box office.

"s. darko" on the other hand, probably only had a production budget of around $1m (compared to $6m for "donnie"), which it has already made back and more from dvd sales... add in the money from dvd rentals and even with marketing and distribution costs (both substantially lower than "donnie"), "s" has made the producers much more money than did the original. it is because of the - this is going to be tough to say - success of the sequel, and not the original, that has prompted a 3rd.
if the nomination thread was just to *name* the films that should be voted for over the course of a few days, and then a second thread was created with all of the nominated films added at the same time, it could well work.

that said, the list you've got is pretty good as a starting point. maybe you can revisit in a few months.
because they believe it will make money.  no great mystery.
i think they already killed part of the movie by showing the daughter in the trailer.

i mean the daughter was a huge thing in the book!
my unskippable ad was for the ultimate fighting championship. wtf?!?
because somehow s. darko made money.

you have just now witnessed, as you probably have many times before, the transfer of an artistic property from the hands of an artist to an executive.  if you ever get into film, guard your creations well.  never trust a company with the rights.
kung fu kid?

sounds like some exploitation parody film, like blacula. not quite the original, but what the hell..
spider-man/spider-man 2 are very good films.
just out of curiosity, did you actually try the search yourself? probably not because it doesn't actually come up with the answer.
if that were my intention you would be dead on :) as it stands i was just babbling and having fun on reddit.  

&gt;terrible way

terrible? good god man, it's a schlock movie from 1987.  

bad mood today?
i'm in a fine mood. i just don't understand why some people can't help spoiling movies, especially ones they like.
both 1 and 2 are really part of the same movie, i don't think it is necessary to split them.
that's like sixth sense with bruce willis - did you know he was dead the whole time?!?
i saw it last weekend. i want to see it over and over again. it was outstanding. 
i heard a long time ago that sequels are usually guaranteed to make at least 40% of the original movie.
&gt;work pressures cause a single mother moves to china with her young son; in his new home, the boy embraces karate, taught to him by a master of the self-defense form.

so is it about kung fu or karate?
i really hope it's to make amends for that travesty called s. darko.
no idea. jackie chan is a kung fu guy, so i don't know how they'd pull that off if a kid embraced karate from a kung fu guy.
similar idea, but developed in a completely different way.  

edit: take a look at the book.  i suspect you'll like it.
liquid satan... is that a new soft drink?  i'd buy it.
because the rabbit says so?
there was a donnie darko 2? the fuck?
slashfilm.com is good for news.  not so strong for in-depth production or interviews though.
dude great book..cried(teared up)at the end..don't want to taint the experience with a chick flik.
i had to watch a trailer to watch the trailer? fail.
there's no story here. 
tl;dw: film about amazing romance between man and woman, until they decide to get married, and she ruins the relationship bitching that he is never there, and off time traveling.

sounds great.
there are approximately five new american pie  spinoffs (all straight to video of course) released after the end of the american pie movie trilogy, but practically nobody would know.

same thing here.
financial success should not be equivocated with critical acclaim. sometimes the two are worlds apart.
supposedly it's kung fu because supposedly kung fu is the new in thing because of kung fu panda (supposedly).
fool! **i** am zorro!
indubitably

*nods head while sipping some tea*
i'm not...
crucifixions for everyone!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1v034gx9fk#t=3m10s

ps: watch the rest of the video.
you know they killed them all right?
i'm spartacus and so's my wife!
i cringed. it's not an enormous mistake, but, hnnnnnng, you know?

and she didn't look anything like alba. at all. alba had black hair. ahhhhhhhh. it's a rather meaningless detail, but i just can't see why they had to change it. and wasn't her hair curly? maybe i'm remembering things differently. i really, really want this movie to be good. but i'm not holding my breath. :!
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;rls=org.mozilla%3aen-us%3aofficial&amp;hs=vbq&amp;q=movie+%22in+fact%2c+you+will+not+be+saved%22&amp;aq=f&amp;oq=&amp;aqi=

first link is a review of the movie on amazon..
i still can't watch that scene without anticipating one of them saying that.

/sigh... the dangers of learning cultural references before the references themselves
in *spartacus* i tried with only limited success to make the film as real as possible but i was up against a pretty dumb script which was rarely faithful to what is known about spartacus. history tells us he twice led his victorious slave army to the northern borders of italy, and could quite easily have gotten out of the country. but he didn't, and instead he led his army back to pillage roman cities. what the reasons were for this would have been the most interesting question the film might have pondered. did the intentions of the rebellion change? did spartacus lose control of his leaders who by now may have been more interested in the spoils of war than in freedom? in the film, spartacus was prevented from escape by the silly contrivance of a pirate leader who reneged on a deal to take the slave army away in his ships. if i ever needed any convincing of the limits of persuasion a director can have on a film where someone else is the producer and he is merely the highest-paid member of the crew, *spartacus* provided proof to last a lifetime. 

``- stanley kubrick (director) spartacus (1960)`` \[[1](http://www.visual-memory.co.uk/amk/doc/interview.aco.html)\]
criticker.com is exactly what you are searching for :)
someone found more echo &amp; the bunnymen cds?
very often the two are worlds apart and no such equivocation was made.

the answer to the question "why is donnie darko 3 being made?" is not "because the first one (or two) received so much critical acclaim that it is certainly warranted," but rather, "because a handful of producers found a way to make money off the franchise (low prod. costs, straight to dvd) as 's. darko' proved, and they are seeking to make more money."
i wonder what kind of thong bob newhart wears.
i am intrigued. from what i've uncovered in five minutes of research, i agree. but she doesn't have vonnegut's sense of whimsy, you must admit.
but you look like spartacus.
no bateman or cera...hmm.
there's a special place in hell for the people who canceled this show. 
crucifixions for some, miniature spqr standards for others!

hey movie subreddit. was wondering what are your favourite disturbing movies?

talking along the lines of trippy, often depressing, movies which play with your mind.

requiem for a dream kind of disturbing.

thanks.
jacob's ladder perhaps.
*that thong, thong thong thong thooooooong.*
audition was pretty disturbing at the time.
at least my desire to bone alia shawkat is now grounded in the realms of legality.
gummo?

maybe the machinist.
eraserhead, naked lunch, bad lieutenant
funny games (original or us version) 
[4 luni, 3 saptamâni si 2 zile](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1032846/)

[kids](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113540/(http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113540/)



definitely not "trippy," but jesus christ.



for trippy i'd go with [pi](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0138704/) or [el topo](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067866/)


also [holy mountain](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071615/)
if that's the truth i'd be happy to hear murdoch is going there.
[in the company of men](http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?aid=/19970815/reviews/708150304/1023)
and trina mcgee, as lucy...
[salò](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073650/)

edit: didn't see your comment, but at least it is a disturbing movie, though note in the same way.
jonas brothers: the 3d concert experience 
descent.  i am claustrophobic.
 is this the arrested development movie they were suppose to make? or is this just a documentary being made prior to an actual movie?
i saw the devil's rain (1975) when i was 8, and it totally freaked me out...saw it again when i was 35, and laughed at it, so i guess it's all in where you are at the time you see the movie.


i zombie.  a man who is slowly becoming a zombie masturbates, his penis falls off in his hand.
oh dear god no.

hannah montana: the movie
thats spartacus! **get him!**
[the arrested development documentary project (2008)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1240538/)

[arrested development (2010)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0901469/)
they get top billing in the [imdb credits](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1240538/), for what that's worth.
man bites dog.  it upset me a lot when i first watched it.  only after watching about 80% of the movie did i start to let up and enjoy the dark, dark humor.
i'll never understand you people.
haven't seen it yet, but: the holy mountain
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzq5cjr1lh4
[irreversible](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0290673/)
[running scared](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0404390/)


ok didn't also see your comment but this has just some too sick scenes in it. otherwise just an awesome movie.
[sweet movie](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweet_movie)
beauty and the beast: girls, it's okay to stay with a guy who's verbally abusive as long as you can see the goodness buried deep inside him.
the nightmare before christmas - if you're good at something, you should just do that for your entire life, because if you ever try to do anything else you'll just fuck it up horribly.
cars - the tragedy of our modern world is that people don't just drive around for no reason enough.
the mothman prophecies.
the original "texas chain saw massacre".  it was very gritty and raw.
came here to post that.
i haven't seen it yet, but [antichrist](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0870984/) will surely be in contention.
yep, that fits the bill. in the wikipedia article they forgot to mention something about the woman who stabed her lover throught the heart after making love to him in a vat of sugar: she makes beatifull blood red roses out of that sugar....
same here. but from time to time i have to watch a movie like that to harden myself...
2001: a space odyssey is disturbing in the beginning with the apes learning to use tools to kill for the first time, and at the end with imagery of monolith's effect on the astronaut.
i wouldn't describe the holy mountain as disturbing overall- it makes use of disturbing imagery, to be sure, and it is most certainly trippy/mind warping, but it's nothing like (nor was it meant to be) the harsh experience of something like irreversable/requiem for a dream, etc. 

worth seeing, though. for sure.
no perhaps about it. jacob's ladder rules.
[alice](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095715/)
/thread
i'll take the zero vote count as a no.  

or as some jackoff just downvotes because they're a dick...
i also was disturbed that someone could a film based on such a retarded premise.
god dammit
thats is interesting: i did not find irreversible or requiem for a dream disturbing at all... crass and sad (especially the latter one). 
have you seen man-eater by joe d'amato?
maybe then they'll tell you why they stopped an under-performing business entity for one that looked more promising.  silly businessmen who must answer to board, stockholders, and financiers.  it wasn't on a whim.
imdb is giving me several movies named "descent" or "the descent". could you please be more specific? (:
i haven't- i don't really have a taste for the eurogore stuff, personally. i certainly see your point- if you want disturbing, that shit is on a whole other level than anything i mentioned. i had to look up man-eater- i assume you mean [this one](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082479/)- it looks pretty hardcore. i mentioned requiem because that was what the op was using as a reference point, and irreversible as it's along the same lines, as well as my personal limit for troubling movies. i'm a bit of a pussy these days.
i find most of von trier's films to be immensely disturbing, although not disturbing in the definition of this thread.

i'll nominate dancer in the dark, which is a truly great film, yet i hope i never have to watch it again.
martyrs and à l'intérieur (inside) are pretty  damn disturbing. the french are having quite the horror renaissance as of late
whoa.  i had no idea that guy from broken lizard wrote for arrested development.
roger ebert gave the machinist 2 toes up
bateman's in the trailer.

edit: i am a big fat fucking liar.
i didn't realise it was a happy days reunion.  narrated by ron howard (richie), and the lawyer was henry winkler (fonzie).
...where?
ah, thank you! weird they wouldn't show them in the trailer though...
what do you mean, _you people?_
my mistake. i thought the scruffy guy at about 55 seconds was bateman.
[teeth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780622/).  if you're a dude, teeth.
what do *you* mean, *you people*?
he directed 4 episodes. 

http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0151540/
the poughkeepsie tapes 
you didn't realize that?  really?

to take it a step further, fonzie was replaced by chachi.
meet the feebles
[salò or the 120 days of sodom by pier paolo pasolini](http://www.criterion.com/films/532), you can also take a look at visitor q from takashi miike actually any takashi miike will please you the same way.
"cha-chi cha-chi cha-chi cha-chi"
and author of the bob loblaw law blog.
of course i tried the search first before posting. 
not sure how you couldn't find it.
for those who love a bit of reminiscing:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0367279/quotes

good news everyone! i only watched halfway through the show so i am gonna take my sweet time watching the rest
www.leechnow.nl !!! bitten.2008.stv.pal.dvdr-fiodeco "bitten.nfo" yenc
87 files (10415 parts) by leechnow &lt;postedby@leechnow.nl&gt;
1 nfo | 10 par2 | 76 archive - view nfo
download - view collection
	3.82 gb 	a.b.x
	98.0 days


[link](http://www.nzbindex.nl/search/?q=bitten&amp;age=250&amp;max=250&amp;sort=agedesc&amp;minsize=600&amp;maxsize=&amp;poster=&amp;nfo=&amp;hidespam=0&amp;hidespam=1&amp;more=1)
did you just *sarcastically* imply the silliness of fox executives?
wait.... who's the author?!?
i think i mistook the same scruffy guy for bateman
very nice, but, as an interesting aside..

do you think these movie bloggers are emulating cracked.com? totally fine, i just get that feeling, and of course it's ok but cracked does an outstanding job. 

however, there's precious little information per page with compared with cracked. it reminds me of the daily show vs the msm
gummo.
hell yes! it'd be like that cocaine energy drink, except rather than being marketed by the governator, it would be done by satan and his two hot devil-girls! like in sinfest.
you *really* didn't miss much.
titanic.
well i guess it does work if you use quotes, but not everyone knows all of the search features.

either way, it's still not worth it to complain about someone asking a question, it's not like it's wasting your time.
not everyone knows to use quotes, i was searching as if i just entered the quote directly.
sorry, it is "the descent".

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0435625/
2005.
i love james camerons movies, but i am i the only person a little skepitcal about this? a movie with a enviromental message about cute aliens fighting the evil humans? sounds like 'battle for terra'
in no particular order:
the hill (1965); http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0059274/
fires on the plain (nobi (1959)); http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0053121/
centipede horror (wu gong zhou (1984)); http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0096467/
come and see (idi i smotri (1985); http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0091251/

how do i get netflix to add this to their library so i can rent it?
21 .  twenty things about *avatar* can be easily broken down across eleven pages.
the movie doesn't appear to have been released yet, but the website implies that it will be coming out very soon and able to be watched on "your screen" - maybe they'll stream it online?
most american biker chicks not all that attractive--rofl. 
hard candy.
fuck youuuuu, that doesnt even make sense. im sorry i missed them out of the 700+ comments in this post. 
you mean the one for child molesters and people who talk during the opera?
fox has been canceling good shows for a while now. i just really wish other networks would pickup these shows. this show would be great on comedy central, wouldn't it?
again, this is not about the last airbender and i am depressed.
uhh... you didn't find a 10 minute graphic anal-rape scene disturbing at all?

&lt;backs away slowly&gt;

[cannibal holocaust](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078935) 
it's all about perspective. watch salò or the 120 days of sodom, then we talk again.

1. avatar is inspired by all sorts of stories
2. avatar has loads of aliens
3. it’s an eco-aware tale, with a cameron twist
4. it's not a matrix rip-off
5. sam worthington will show some range
6. it was a great challenge for the leading man
7. zoe saldana’s female lead is a cameron speciality
8. cameron's still a perfectionist
9. cameron is thinking sequels
10. avatar is changing how cgi appears on screen
11. cameron is as closely involved as ever
12. avatar wants to avoid the “uncanny valley” of photo-real cg characters
13. the story uses western tropes set in space
14. cameron promises a huge final battle
15. it's bigger than titanic
16. the tech involved is outrageous
17.  avatar won’t be like watching a normal movie
18.  those who’ve seen some of it are impressed
19.  the game will match it
20. it’s ultra-ambitious

nice final quotes:

“avatar is the single most complex piece of filmmaking ever made. we have 1,600 shots for a 2.5-hour movie. 

“it's not with a single cgi character, like king kong or gollum. we have hundreds of photo-realistic cg characters.”
i read that as batman.
eraserhead.
[movie lens](http://www.movielens.org) is not bad.
freddy got fingered. there are many many more horrifying movies but they don't expect you to laugh at it.
it was terrible. i think i said, "hmmm, that's convenient." about 19 times.
rolling on the floor.. what? oh wait, never mind.
imdb, i guess. generally i read the drivel rather than comment (i think the last time i ever said something there was an aaaages ago troll on the "son of the mask" boards: i was young! i was naive!)

mostly with friends, though. in real life. or if they bring it up in their blogs online and a comment conversation is spurred. imdb suits most my needs, though, personally. a lot of absolute worthless crap to wade through, too, unfortunately.
that's [futurama](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0149460/). 
yea, i usually just read what people write on there. hardly ever worth it.
anyone else seen [vulgar](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120467/)?
no? good. don't.
i came here to write salo, the most disturbing film i have ever seen. i was actually angry with the person who introduced me to it. horrendous. 
filmbloggers, they pay me $15 a month to talk about movies.  unfortunately they aren't accepting new members right now, but if you ever get the chance it is well worth the time.
bar. 
seriously. the first time i watched that — as a kid many years ago — the 'star child' surrounded by blinding light accompanied by thus spake zarathrustra... that affected me. kind of disturbing at the time.
christmas movies are the worst:

christmas with the kranks - if you don't conform to society, you are selfish and evil, and your neighbors are justified in doing just about anything to cure you of these evil ways.

jingle all the way - it's okay if your dad is sleazy, lying, negligent, violent, and in all other ways reprehensible as long as he dresses up like your favorite tv character for twenty minutes.

home alone series - if some violent criminals try to break into your home, don't bother calling 911 because you're totally smarter than them and it's much more effective (and entertaining!) to just set up booby traps around your home. also, being left home alone by accident means you can do absolutely whatever you want with anything in the house - max out any credit cards your folks left within reach of your grubby mitts, trash your brother's room, go nuts!
have to say that natural born killers gave me a few jolts, as did event horizon.

the flash-frame, hyper-quick edits of bleeding heads, maggots and folk dying tend to unsettle me fairly effectively.

however, there is a scene in communion where christopher walken is sitting down stairs in his (huge) log cabin home and is visited by an alien. specifically, he leans forward, straining to see or hear anything and is rewarded with the sight of a very alien and quite sinister face slowly and deliberately looking out from behind a wardrobe or door. it appears to watch him for a second or so before moving back out of sight. the rest of the movie was a bit of a mess, though.

the first couple of times i watched jacob's ladder were quite rough. the shaking heads in the mirrors were unsettlingly horrific and shocking.
they actually got offered a deal from showtime after they got canceled but mitch declined it.
i'm sure i'll enjoy the documentary, but just watching this trailer is likely better due to it reminding me its time to rewatch this brilliant show.
bruce willis was dead the entire time!
whoever down voted this either didn't see the movie or is flibucking denis quaid.

i mean really, his son is all "daddy you just don't get us brooding teenagers, we will rise up against you! damn you for not buying me that pony!"

this was garbage. 
well it's based on the marquis de sade book, people say that movie was the reason pier paolo pasolini was killed.
my brother aspires to be a filmmaker. i sincerely hope that totalitarian dictatorship and a starving country is not an automatic effect of not being successful in the movie industry.
oh come on. when has a frustrated artist who rose through the ranks of the military to control a country through rampant nationalism *ever* done anything bad?
fantastic movie, fantastic book. one of the best book-movie transitions.
maybe, but stop and consider "murphy's best performance in years" is a *really* low bar.
my college roommate brought vulgar home right after i had ingested 4 grams of psilocybin mushrooms.  he told me "it's got dante from clerks and it's produced by kevin smith."  so naturally, i was excited to see it.  
  
note: i've seen many great movies for the first time on shrooms: american psycho, evil dead, fear &amp; loathing in las vegas... mostly movies that are dark, trippy, but humorous [and i think the humor is the saving grace of those movies].  

so vulgar started out with a kevinsmith/clerks/mallrats kind of vibe, at least i thought it did (could have been the mushrooms).  
  
shortly after the movie got going, when the clown rape-and-torture came in as a plot device, there was no humor.  
i waited for punchlines, none came.  
i wanted him to say "i'm not even supposed to get raped here today!".  
i wanted randall to take off the mask and say, "we're gonna need a bigger cock."  
  
the jokes never came.
  
  
my roommate had to sober-sit me of the rest of the night through the ensuing "bad trip".  
  
  
i am stronger now because of it.  
irreversible was tame.  
  
        thank you, kevin smith, you sick twisted genius.
&gt; it's also "a horrible abomination that effortlessly hammers another nail into eddie murphy's credibility as a comic star."

maybe he can get joe piscopo to help his career out.
youre talking about steven baldwin right? i didnt know he was in the military! 
his stand up routines were really good

one of my favorites is the [ice cream one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jfmcbh1sjq)
i buy the ticket like once every 4 months. 

i love [this](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0479468/) as well.
12 monkeys (1995)

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114746/
fuck my life.
who really cares?
it wasn't beer he spilled all over his shirt.

hunter and johnny depp were good friends.  there's some good pictures out there of them shooting and holding guns together.  the doc used to call him col. depp.  there's a new one coming out "rum diaries" where depp revisits the role of the doc.  
i turned my brain off for a night and saw this movie. it was funny as hell too. sometimes, you just want to see stupid things happening to stupid people.
it will suck because the first one blew my ass hole.
lol
i can only think of three reasons to spend money on this film while it is in theaters:

1. you are looking for mindless entertainment
2. you want to take advantage of the large screen to fully appreciate the special effects.
3. you want to take advantage of the large screen to fully appreciate megan fox.

i was so confused by the first one. i thought the deceptcons were the good guys cause they were giving the american imperialists a well deserved ass-kicking in the middle east.  allahu akbar!
4) you want to get the bottom of this whole megan-fox-has-a-toe-thumb issue.
what?
**administrative reminder:**  
while we all respect your feelings about the quality of work produced by adolph hitler, "painter of light," under no circumstances should chrononauts attempt to prevent him from entering art school. 

*hold on, which time stream am i in? oh fuck...*
are you kidding, man!  an imax screen will result in a toethumb the size of a truck!  it'll be the death of us all!
allahu*
i have already done so and i can't wait to put my finger in it
i think you are implying that dd won *critical acclaim*, and that brings me back to wondering why the #$%@ that happened in the first place? everyone goes on about how it was a *cult* movie, haven't really met any member of that particular cult yet....
&gt; after a plan to unite all the gangs in the area goes *array*

those are some organized gangs, i wonder what database they used...
wow, thats the best i-am-gonna-pretend-i-am-too-good-for-this-movie-but-still-praise-it-somehow-coz-it-so-rocked review for hangover i have heard yet. condescension ftw!
they should run this as a double feature with the room. i would gladly pay for that experience.
thank you so much for showing me this.
i will do whatever it takes to go see this film.
doing more research, i've also found dangerous men and the room, which i will be renting.
fantastic documentary.  they really don't sugar coat things; you get to see every side of hunter s. thompson.
yeah, that "salt shaker half full of cocaine" certainly wasn't beer.  what an odd mistake there.
it was brilliant.  much more intelligent than the typical blockbuster comedy.  best comedy i've seen in years!
i thought knocked up was funnier. i just remember us constantly laughing all throughout that movie. 
warriors, come  out and plaayyyyyyy!
zack galifinakis saved it.  he made it.
that's never happened to me.

on the other hand, i haven't stopped drinking yet.
prepare yourselves for the hangover ii:  hung harder...
torrents come out any ole time.
this movie almost made me forget about watching terminator
it's also funnier than either
i wonder how many people actually know about hitler's personal history.

the parallel to kim is actually pretty interesting.  
i think knocked up had better...i don't know what to call it other than "ensemble" comedy. more give and take type banter. you could tell paul rudd and seth rogan just did a bunch of takes with the jokes and they kept the best improvised stuff. i liked that aspect.
&gt;21 points posted 3 hours ago

at least 21 people.
the guy who made primer did everything himself, almost quit 3 times and invested countless hours of his life. there are non-monetary costs to consider, too. that said, i highly recommend the film.
don't do it!
nevermind ... zip.ca's just fucking with me. still tuesdays.
it's a self-consistent treatment of time travel wrapped up in a *creeeeeepy* creepy aesthetic.
so getting drunk and waking up not knowing what happened no longer qualifies as stupid?
it has heather graham? crap, now i gotta go to the cinema.
i have to say, most often comedies concerning teenagers and wedding crap mostly suck. recently though i have been suprised by superbad and the hangover, it really shows that some brains combined with comedy goes along way. sorry i am abit drunk and english is only my third language.
yeah, i think a sequel is a bad idea. make a new movie by the same team, you'll get the same audiences back without having to go through all the lame sequel trappings.
it's called "experience."
i think a lot of the success should be credited to the way they marketed the movie. as anyone who watched hulu the three weeks up to it knows, the trailer was everywhere. and apparently word of mouth was enough to keep that running.
not so much heather graham as heather graham's boob.
garfield's pet force? ohhhhhhhhhk.
wait. just one? what the hell happened to the other one?!
only one came out to play.  the other saw its shadow and we had six more weeks of winter.
't
eh, your english is still better than most americans.
there are a few anaglyph (red/blue) movies like my bloody valentine 3d, but i believe the polarized-glasses type of 3d is dependent on special 3d-enabled televisions.
yea, i actually meant the anaglyph movies. i have the bloody valentine one but are there any others like this?
yes!
a young guy killing himself over a girlfriend he just met seems pretty stupid to me, yet you wouldn't say someone should "turn their brain off" to read romeo and juliet. just because a story features a stupid situation, it doesn't mean the other elements are poorly done.
i'm just commenting so you'll have an envelope notifying you you were on reddit today.  cheers!
the improvisation makes it feel like the characters are having a real conversation. they aren't just reading their lines, they're actually thinking as they speak. that's one thing i really enjoy about their movies. but scripted stuff can be hilariously awesome too.
pirates did it.
still wasn't anywhere near as funny as wedding crashers.
damn... i use comcast and they don't provide a news server.
yeah, it was definitely lacking, but it weirded me out for some reason.  go figure.
the most amazing teaser i have ever seen. this looks intense, and the site is so damn clever. i can't wait to see this.
i am rarely this far out of step with both critics *and* the viewing public, but i really hated the hangover. there was really nothing about it that i thought was funny, clever or interesting. wedding crashers and knocked up were both better by orders of magnitude. in fact, dude, where's my car held more laughs for me.

resigned to the downvote onslaught...
oh primer.

i saw it once, took and aspirin, watched it again, did a week of studying, then watched it 3 more times.

great movie.
because its actually a good movie?
what about clerks?
i don't mean quoting to friends, but in normal conversation.  i know a jillion people will pick arnold "i'll be back' but what about more obscure quotes?

for me its ian mckellen as magneto, when pyro says 'they say you're the bad guy'  his response of "is that what they say?".  i channel that every time.

that and the blond drunk driver in 40 yr old virgin saying "let's get some fukin french toast"



losers always whine about their best.  winners go home and fuck the prom queen.
*are you crazy? is that your problem?* 
english, motherfucker, do you speak it!?

and a few more lines  you'll find here; http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/sam


it rubs the lotion on it's skin...or else it gets the hose again...
m is awesome.
thank you . it was terrible. (for me)
haven't even heard about this movie yet, but the cast looks amazing! 

dicaprio, joseph gordon-levitt, marion cotillard, ellen page, michael caine, ken watanabe, and cillian murphy. 
i disagree.
exactly what i was thinking.  this idea is over.  move on to something else using the same writings and actors.
so noted
oh hang on, i love this part...
i hope the movie is as good as the fake trailer
where we're going you won't need eyes to see..
best part of grindhouse.
anything said by ahnold. 
colonel nathan r. jessup, commanding officer, marine ground forces, guantanamo bay, cuba.
lean closer to the screen, i'll tell you.
don't be hasty! (lord of the rings)
you should've saw your face. classic.
comedy as much as anything is in the eye of the beholder
drunk driving.  classic
i think also that when you have a premise where these guys wake up and there's a tiger and the valet gives them a cop car-- it's just a great premise.  i mean, if you're into that sort of thing.
"america-uh-uh - fuck yeah! so lick my butt, and suck on my balls!"

from team america, world police. i say it to myself virtually every time i listen to the news.
that's a lot of batman begins alumni there
&gt;"it's not going to be just a two-day shoot," a source told the paper. "it's not just some cbc mini-series. it's pretty substantial." 

as someone who watches cbc content, i take offense to that.
nobody fucks with the jesus!
interesting, but i could have done without the first part about crazy coincidences
kaaaaaahhhhhhhhhnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!
get to da choppa!
we take the cash, we cash the check.... we show 'em what they wanna see.
adriaaaaaaan!
i know i'm spending $11 a month on astraweb.
mr. (whoever i'm talking to), what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things i have ever heard. at no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. i award you no points, and may god have mercy on your soul.
goooooooooood morning vietnam! this is not a test. this is rock and roll! time to rock it from the delta to the dmz.
that's it man - game over man, game over!
ovaltine?!

nothing!...thank you!...i'm a little...tired!
stupidly awesome.
america fuck yeah! coming to save the mother fucking day!
maria, you gotta get outta heyah!
**why. so. serious?**
stupid story in my book.
don't distuhb my friend.....

...

he's dead tired!
this....is my boomstick!
there is a great horror comedy called "night of the creeps". in the movie, a school bus filled with frat guys is headed to a sorority to take the girls there to a dance. on the way, their bus is totalled and they are all turned into zombies.

enter the veteran cop, played by tom atkins. he heads to the sorority where the sisters are getting ready and begins to prepare the defense.

he finally looks out the window, turns to some girls and says...

detective cameron: i got good news and bad news, girls. the good news is your dates are here.

sorority sister: what's the bad news?


(wait for it, wait for it...)


detective cameron: they're dead.

so, since that's the greatest piece of dialogue in film history, i've made it my life's mission to injerject "our dates are here?" whenever anyone tells me they have good news and bad news.

fuck, i'm hilarious!
everyone seems to be in general agreement that pixar is ten for ten – with up being their tenth film, they’ve made ten movies that range from “good” to “incredible”. however, everyone seems to have a different opinion about which films are pixar’s best.

i’m curious to see what reddit’s general opinion is on this matter, so i’m asking everyone to rank pixar’s ten films from best to worst. i’m curious to see the results - are most people going to put cars in last place (as i suspect)? will the incredibles be in just about everyone’s top three? i know it seems silly when a website ranks films, but i’m not trying to see which movie is “the best” – i just want to know what reddit thinks, what opinions are widely shared, and what films (if any) vary wildly from person to person. if this thread gets a lot of submissions i may work it into a graph or something… i dunno. we’ll see where it goes.

my choices:

1. ratatouille
2. finding nemo
3. monsters, inc.
4. wall-e
5. toy story 2
6. the incredibles
7. toy story
8. a bug’s life
9. up
10. cars

.

edit: so it looks like the voting died down, so i decided to see what i can find out from the entries provided so far (and bear in mind that my results are *completely* unscientific):


cars and a bug’s life are easily the least-liked of the pixar films, nearly always ranking in the last 2-3, with cars generally more disliked than a bug’s life, although a bug’s life is far more *consistently* disliked – all but one put it in the bottom three.

finding common favorites is more difficult, although wall-e, the incredibles and finding nemo all frequently get ranked highly. it bears mention that you almost need to love wall-e in order to love the incredibles (although not the other way around) – in all but one case where the incredibles was in the top three, so was wall-e. in other words, in all but one case, if you didn’t rank wall-e highly, you didn’t rank the incredibles highly either.

the toy story movies seem to be fairly reliable middle-of-the-roads, never quite being on the bottom of the list, and only in rare cases reaching the top (about two-thirds thought the second one was better, by the way). if you liked the first toy story movie better than the second, you probably didn’t like monsters, inc. very much (and vice versa). also, the less you like monsters, inc., the more likely you are to like up.

so for those of you who haven’t seen up yet, these should be two indicators of whether or not you’ll rank it highly – if you thought highly of monsters, inc. and liked toy story 2 better than the first one, there’s a good chance you won’t much care for up. if, on the other hand, you prefer the original toy story and thought monsters, inc. wasn’t all that great, you’re more likely to like up.
dooooo it!

do it naooouuuugh!
wow, he's come a long way since memento... and i'm glad.
good news everybody!
if you remember what happened you're not doing it right.

why not turn into a poll? make a separate comment for each film and we'll vote on each of our top three or five or something. pretty wide open to manipulation, i guess.
mhatt dayhmun
wide open for manipulation *and* i don't just want to see people's favorites - i'm curious how they rank them. i'm curious to see if there are any patterns.

for example, does the director's influence show in the rankings? if so, then those who rank the incredibles highly will probably also rank ratatouille highly as well. do people lump the "human" movies (incredibles, up and to a lesser extent wall-e) together? this is the kind of stuff just voting won't show.
so many from repo man.  "plate, or shrimp, or plate of shrimp".  "let's go do some crimes!  let's get sushi and not pay.""ray-dee-ation!  you here the most outrageous lies about it..." etc.  in my circle of friends in the 80's half of what we said was a quote from repo man, a frank zappa song or buckaroo bonzai quote "i'm takin' my over-thruster, and i'm-a goin' home"
i find myself saying "yes" how bret and jemaine say it: "yis".
lucky. my english are all a bunch of drunkards.
uh, all of them, i think.
it needs to be at least... three times bigger!
i like it!

or, any words spoken in robocop, really.
mmmm, yeah. i'm gonna need you to go ahead and...
proper fucked?
i'm probably risking being buried, but i don't like pixar movies that much. only toy story for the nostalgia but that's it.
what? getting liver disease?

1. up
2. wall-e
3. ratatouille
4. the incredibles
5. toy story
6. finding nemo
7. toy story 2
8. cars
9. a bug's life
10. monsters, inc.
i love this movie. i don't think it's especially great but it really embodies a lot of the great freewheeling approach to film you could find in the uk in the 70s. i feel the same way about "if..."
i appreciate that. i knew when i posted that inevitably someone would come along and say that. thank you for doing so politely.
http://www.jinni.com/
well i think it's a good idea so...
1. finding nemo
2. wall-e
3. the incredibles
4. toy story 2
5. monsters inc.
6. ratatouille
7. up
8. toy story 
9. a bugs life
10. magical mystery prize for the first one to guess what goes here
yup. i went just to tell hollywood that if they put zach into a movie (without aston kutcher) that i'll pay to see him in a movie.

well, i also went because i hoped that it would funny as hell. i was right.

does this mean no more having to put up with vince vaughn and his annoyingly out of proportion sarcasm to whatever situation he's in?
bitches... leave!
cars! what do i win?
1. wall-e
2. monsters, inc.
3. the incredibles
4. toy story
5. a bug's life
6. cars

haven't seen the rest. i'll get around to it someday.
you shuhd not drink. and bake.
a always b be c closing! always be closing!  always be closing!
"bigbootay! tay!"
you went full retard maan... never go full retahd. [view](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffedo-ug4zu&amp;feature=fvst#t=2m32s)
1.  because the first one sucked
2.  michael bay
3.  blatant mindless cgi eye-candy crapfest
4.  michael bay
5.  shia lebeouf can't act, [he can only say "no!" a bunch of times](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ixck1eyp4s)

*also, michael bay.
in response to any situation in which something needs to be destroyed, wiped out, etc.: "nuke it from orbit. it's the only way to be sure."
preciousssssssss!
it burns us, precious.
haven't seen *the hangover* yet, but i do want to. i might make that happen tomorrow.

noticed this later on in the article:

&gt; hopefully this will shake eddie murphy out of his godawful career path, encourage him to stop with the lazy family junk and come back to comedy. 

was anyone expecting *imagine that* not to bomb? every movie in the last fifteen years with eddie murphy on top has been terrible. why would the lack of success for this latest piece of crap movie make eddie murphy get it? 
i appreciate the thought, but that's not what i'm trying to do here. i don't just want everyone to vote for their favorites, i want to know how everyone ranks all ten. as i explain above, i'm curious to see if there are any patterns in which movies people like.
i think it's "everyone".
right but, wouldn't that come through in the "favorites" type of poll?  and certainly it would be much easier than having a mess of people writing top 10 lists. 
any particular reason?  (i'm hoping you're not one of "those guys" that dislikes them simply because they're animated)
i'm afraid it wouldn't because all the results would mesh together. that type of poll wouldn't really be anything more than a popularity contest, and i'm not interested in a popularity contest. i'm interested in the patterns.
that's because it was forty million times funnier than knocked up and a few thousand times funnier than wedding crashers.
i might go to bid. i've got wuck in the moneeng.
respect via the internet! it's the best kind
   1. incredibles
   2. finding nemo
   3. wall-e
   4. monsters, inc
   5. toy story 2
   6. ratatouille
   7. toy story
   8. a bug’s life
   9. cars

but really, any of these movies (with the exception of cars and a bug's life) would be fine in the top spot.
k, deleted and top 9 added (haven't seen up yet)
your downvotes suggest otherwise...
[you are correct good sir](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d1cap6yeta)

i'd buy that for a dollar!
aww man, i shot marvin in the face.
"carla was the prom queen."

*raise eyebrow* "really?"


what are you talking about
incredible... i worked with the publisher to launch this particular book mentioned in the article, as a print on demand through lightning print

sadly, he died a couple of years ago. if amazon has a copy in stock, trust me, it's the only copy in stock from university press of the pacific.


whenever i make potatoes, i *always* say, "what's taters, precious?"

the girlfriend always makes the same blank face.
man, i feel like i just got a spam e-mail which made fun of my penis size. :(
possibly.

(yes, as ewan mcgregor in "sw episode ii")
you're the man now dog.
damn it cohagen!  give dese people aiuuyuuuhhhh
that movie is fucking hilarious.
1. the incredibles
2. wall-e
3. monsters, inc.
4. ratatouille
5. finding nemo
6. toy story
7. toy story 2
8. a bug's life
9. cars

haven't seen up yet.


[oh my godddddd!!!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nmgsrmztfq)

from troll 2.  hilarious!
i dare you! i double-dare you, motherfucker!  say what one more goddamned time!
just be thankful your emails just  make fun of your penis size, the ones in my spam folder threaten to kill me :(
ineedtohaveashite.
what is your major malfunction, numbnuts? didn't mommy and daddy show you enough attention when you were a child? 
wow, i thought you were joking but there really is a sequel in the works. how disappointing.


edit- i really hope they use different characters at least.
"isn't that just like a wop? brings a knife to a gun fight". sean connery, the untouchables

anything anton chigur said in no country for old men.
conditioner is better. i make the hair silky and smooth.
a simple, "wrong" would have been good.
there's a line where animal mother has decided he's going after doc j and eight ball and he sees he's going alone.

he turns and says "fuck you, cowboy. fuck all of you assholes!". he sounds a little hurt, a little disappointed and a lot pissed off.

i've always wondered if kubrick was saying that the biggest assholes are the best warriors because i would definitely want animal mother in my squad but he's a reprehensible human being.
is this "event horizon"?
gorman: apone! look... we can't have any firing in there. i, uh... i want you to collect magazines from everybody. 

hudson: is he fuckin' crazy? 

frost: what the hell are we supposed to use man? harsh language? 
that's what i love about these high school girls, man... i keep getting older - they stay the same age. 
i too am overjoyed to see mr. galifinakis in a hollywood production.  
who is your daddy, and what does he do?
its not a toooooooomahhhhhh!
is he not talking about scale there rather than artistic aspiration?
(after being covered with toxic waste) *help me! help meee! urgghhh!*
it's all a part of the cosmic unconsciousness
boys have a penis, girls have a vagina.
yes it is.  if that line delivered by someone with blood running from empty eyesockets isn't seared into your consciousness, you haven't seen that movie enough.

i was trying to remind my girlfriend that she had in fact seen that movie, and was trying to explain it was about a ship that used a controlled black hole to teleport between star systems and came back alive, and she couldn't recall it.  i said the line above in a creepy voice, and she responded with a shudder and "save yourself...from hell.  i remember"
by the powers of the nard dog! 
who is your daddy and what does he do?
i was just about to say the same!
mer man...mer man!!
me too .. the writer is clearly a cocksmoker.

you ordered the code red.

you're goddamn right i did!
turkish: "suga?"

bricktop: "no thank you turkish, i'm sweet enough."

and the nemesis speech.
i thought pixar's best movie was monster's, inc. but it's pretty low on the lists that have been posted so far, oddly enough.

at least i'm glad not to be the only one to think that cars war probably the worst :p
"allright!!!" joan cuscacks' shout of joy after her boss (john cusack) tells her to look under the desk for her bonus before following his instructions to torch the office -gross point blank. find myself doing this one a lot. that and samuel l jacksons' ..da da da da da, putting my keys in my left pocket...da da da da da, my gun in my right...".
up isn't released in the uk yet :/

1. toy story 2
2. monsters inc.
3. finding nemo
4. toy story
5. ratatouille
6. wall.e
7. the incredibles
8. a bug's life
9. cars

the comic relief provided by the guy who 'surfed' back to the stricken ship on a piece of hull was much needed. i'd say that was one of the more difficult movies i have ever watched.

there's a scene where neill places his hand on fishburne's head. fishburne closes his eyes, presumably to shut out the horrors he is being fed by neill's character. it obviously doesn't work. the relentless flashing imagery of dead, eaten, rotten, savaged crew members went *through* my eyes and hit something unpleasant somewhere in the middle of my brain. it took me a few moments outside the cinema to recapture my hold on real life.

rough movie. good one, though.
hoo-agh!
i've got a set up which some friends and i use whenever the occasion may allow:

"*your overconfidence is your weakness...*"

(replied with biting savagery)

"*your faith in your friends is yours!*"
damn man, i say that every time somebody offers me sugar in my tea.  
quid pro quo, clarice. 
wall-e is the best, no argument in my mind. then toy story, ratatouille and monsters inc. 

the rest of them are much the same in terms of quality. 
i watched ghostbusters far more than the average child.  as a consequence some of the really obscure quotes have made their way into my everyday vocabulary.  2 in particular:

"what the hell are you doin?" - cleaning lady after she nearly gets blasted in the hotel.  a number of people surprisingly get this one.

"yes have some.  yes have some." - egon offering posessed louis his cheez-it and louis repeating it.  i say this pretty much anytime i'm sharing any sort of food.  no one ever gets it, but i would be shocked if anyone did.
amazingly up isn't scheduled to be released in uk until october 16. it's already released in thailand, but not scheduled for release in japan until december.

how do they come up with this? this is the strangest release schedule i have ever heard of. is october 16 some special holiday weekend in uk?
do yourself a favour and watch [following](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0154506/), if you don't know it already.
1. wall-e
2. finding nemo
3. up
4. cars
5. ratatouille
6. the incredibles
7. toy story
8. toy story 2
9. a bug's life
10. monsters, inc.

my absolute favorite is wall-e, and my absolute least favorite is monsters, inc. the others are mostly interchangeable. for some reason many professional critics consider cars to be the worst, but i think its actually one of the best.

i rank bug's life and monsters at the bottom because they are the most cartoonish.
for instance, wall-e.

the hype was so big, some people even said it changed their life. i was trying to ignore all the stories about it, from simple ones to the "is walle a pinko commie cartoon?" articles.

the story was developing too slowly and the whole story was wide open early on. really, none of it came as a surprise or had any suspense.

technically, it's magnificent and i respect pixar for that, but the story is so simple that it seems too empty, too mushy, and in some parts near propaganda.

the message and symbolism are clear, but it is delivered so simple that it annoys me.
god help me i would see that

what is it that people don't like about cars? i have to admit, i was slightly disappointed when i first saw it in the theatre, but it stands up well to repeated viewings. 

do you think it's because of the slow leisurely pace that people don't like it, or is it something about the story line?
"yes, that's just what the hebrews thought"
"a man's got to know his limitations."
i'll uplink your ass!
for good or for worse, the sequel had gotten comissioned even before the movie had released, based on the test group reactions.
"let go of my arm, leo."
"news has reached heyuguys that principal photography on the highly anticipated cemetary junction is to commence on location in london tomorrow (16/6)."

by that i think you mean that you read it on ricky's blog. why not just link to his blog so we can read it for ourselves instead of just trying to get some extra clicks for your site?
i'm going to have to watch it again with the [timeline](http://www.freeweb.hu/neuwanstein/primer_timeline.html)
bennet!!!
top nine until october, when up gets its uk release.

1. wall-e (also my 3rd favourite of all-time)
2. finding nemo
3. the incredibles
4. monsters inc.
5. ratatouille
6. toy story 2
7. toy story
8. cars
9. a bug's life

they're all at least 8/10 though, with the exception of the last two.

37?
i'm sailing. i'm sailing. i'm sailing! i'm sailing! i'm sailing!!!
mer man, papa... &lt;ahe, ahe&gt; mer man!

fify
that makes sense, she only had a bullet to the head. a bath in some white wax and she'll be as good as new...
revenge is a dish that is best served coooooold.
not a sequel, not a preprequel, not a remake. 
good to see the money also going to original scripts.
1. the incredibles

2. monsters inc.

3. wall-e

4. ratatouille

5. toy story 2

6. toy story

7. a bug's life

8. finding nemo

9. cars

will see "up" someday, but haven't yet. i can't seethe magic in finding nemo. i hate that movie, and i seem to be the only one who does. cars was a disappointment too.
haven't seen up yet, due to new baby:

9. cars
8. finding nemo
7. a bug's life
6. ratatouille
5. the incredibles
4. toy story 2
3. toy story
2. monsters inc.
1. wall-e

opinions will differ.
alright alright alright.
i sail, i'm a sailor! i sail! isn't this a breakthrough? i mean, that i'm a sailor?
i tend to use a fair few, being the sad little man i am.

my housemate and i always congratulate each other with a 'good job', 'no. *you* good job.' from hancock.

any trip to the pub has some variation on either 'can i get any of you cunts a drink?' or 'would anyone like... a peanut?' both shaun of the dead.

also, anytime it's remotely fitting (and very often when it is not) a extended 'gaaaaay', also from sotd...

oh, and every now and again 'probably, i am' from no country...


*/holding the arms of richter.*

**see you at da party, richter.**
perhaps it's not a popular sentiment, and i'm not saying this to be a troll, but i haven't really enjoyed any of the pixar films i have seen.

i don't know exactly what it was, but i've never been drawn into a pixar film.  i've never found myself losing track of time during the movie and i've never had an "edge of your seat" moment of tension.

i was particularly disappointed in wall-e.  i heard really good things about it and had high hopes.  i did like the premise of the movie, however, i never empathized with the robot.  in the end, i just didn't care.  and i guess thats how i feel about most pixar movies.  for what its worth, i didn't *hate* any of them either.
1. wall-e
2. incredibles
3. ratatouille
4. up
5. finding nemo
6. toy story 2
7. monsters inc.
8. bugs life
9. toy story
10. cars


aaaahahahaha!
oh paul you're such a weirdo
wow. you butchered that. look up the quote and edit your comment. come on!
maybe it won't suck as much as the batman series.
except slapstick, which is a finger in the eye of the beholder.

nuk, nuk, nuk.
hallo. my name is inigo montoya. you killed my father. prepare to die. 
one of the top rants in all of forever. i forgot that i use the 'oh, have i got your attention now?' 'you got the picture' and 'you laughing now' with my students.
 put that coffee [down](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-axtx4pcki)

i really want to get out the brass balls, but that might be over the top.
danny trejo!!!
"what's got billy so spooked?"

it's one of arnold's lines from predator.

for some reason, it cracks my friend up every time i say it.
[here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdj2zbmioqu) you know you have to hear it now.
i hope that is in reference to your partners in your gay porn career, and not, youknow, shooting marvin in the face.
one of my friends made his ringtone the sound of the alien (in aliens 2?) devouring a man, full on with all the slurps and whatnot. 
it went off just as he was getting off of a plane and the whole aisle turned around with the most horrified look on their face.  wish i was there.  

becoming a pariah...priceless
full frontal nudity is usually nsfw.
what happened to this side of the truth?
1. wall-e (this movie figures in my list of all time favorites) 
2. finding nemo 
3. the incredibles 
4. ratatouille
5. cars 
6. monsters inc. 
7. toy story 2 
8. toy story  
9. a bug's life 

i think wall-e totally has to be on the top, that movie is one of the best movies in recent times.
i'm sad to have only found out about him in his absence.

here is another good [obit](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/toronto/story/2009/06/15/allan-king.html)
"why am i dripping with goo?"
ghostbusters 2, yanosh. 
scrrrrreeeeeeeeewwwwwww youuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!
it's now called the invention of lying and is coming out in the summer. he wrote and directed that film with matt robinson, this is his first film with steve merchant.
po-ta-toes....boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew!
see *little children* if you already haven't.
who wouldn't?
it is dvdrip...nothin is fake in the site...so enjoy...
toethumb
"this is a heavy metal ballet set to a cacophony of rock riffs with aircrafts humming on runways and the rapid fire of guns while all around the world is torn up by big robots fighting other big robots!"

if michael bay were to do a version of hamlet i imagine it would amount to much the same thing. 
it makes as much sense as 'wanted 2' returning...

edit: i need to state this more clearly. the movie was shit.
if they don't do the "he slept with your wife and daughter" scene i'm skipping it.
don't put it in your pocket, then it will become just another coin... which it is.
she looks so much better without all that makeup on. then again, the same could be said about most women.
what?
wow. i saw the movie once when it came out and thought it was awful. i'm amazed how it's like a top ten reddit favorite. i'll have to watch it again. 
***you can't handle the truth!!!***
"come on... say it... let me hear it..."

"superman wil..."

"**wrong!!!**"
argh. i've almost got it - what movie?
aw, that was just pillow talk, baby...
umm where were these images again? 
you keep using that word.  i do na think it means what you thing it means.
"when someone asks if you're a god, you say *yes*"
"i'm here to chew bubblegum and kick ass, and i'm all out of bubblegum."

(with the roddy piper drawl, not the duke nukem christian bale impersonation)
[young frankenstein](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghb7djdcpta#t=34s)
indeed, to bring angelina's wet, bare ass on-screen, any means is justified.
&gt;and her shocking comments—defending her tattoos, likening acting to prostitution, advocating legalized marijuana—show that she doesn't need to show skin to be noticed.

like anyone would really give a shit about what she said if she weren't damn fine and/or naked.
ah yes - thanks!
1. toy story
2. monsters, inc.
3. up
4. cars
5. wall-e
6. toy story 2
7. ratatouille
8. the incredibles
9. a bug's life
10. finding nemo

ratatouille &amp; incredibles were both enjoyable but i don't care about them.

a bug's life and finding nemo are shitty. finding nemo is maybe the most overrated movie of all time.

the other 6 pixar movies are brilliant.
&gt;how do they come up with this?

&gt;come up with this

&gt;up

i laffed.
i think your list is backwards.
make. my. day. or 
do you feel lucky, punk?  well, doya?

i know, not the real full quote there...
in the holiday special of season 2 of the new dr who with david tennant, the dr. goes "what" about 3 times and every time we see it, we all giggle and say "say what again, bitch" after the 2nd one. 
if you like arny, you should really check out a san francisco band called arnocorps. they are pretty sweet. they just toured england and scotland. 
repo man, oh that emilio. i love how all the food and drinkin that movie is generic. especially when hes in the kitchen with a fork in the can that says 'food' drinking a beer that says 'beer'.

also, more people should watch buckaroo bonsai. 
incontheibable! 
you don't know what you're talking about.
pretty much all of harvey korman's lines from his work with mel brooks.

"don't get saucy with me, bernaise!"
personally, i thought the storyline was predictable and formulaic. popular kid learns the true meaning of friendship, sort of thing. you just knew from the moment lightning was introduced as a self-obsessed hotshot that by the end of the movie he'd learn to put others before himself - it's possibly the oldest character arc there is.

by comparison, most of the other pixar films touch on more complex issues like the ins and outs of parenting and finding your niche in society, and even a bug's life managed to have an interesting and somewhat unpredictable ending.
[not quite a house](http://dsc.discovery.com/fansites/mythbusters/photogalleries/balloon/balloon.html), but yeah.
yep, she's dead to me.
"you mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elder berries" and many more from monty python.

"forrrevvvverrrrr"

"ya like degs?"

"that's not a noif. this is a noif!"

"pbbbbleeaassse eddy" and a few more from rodger rabbit.

my group quotes a lot of movies. serves us right for most of us working at a movie theatre at one point. 
too busy blowing stuff up to do science!
what ever happened to great movies that didn't have a budget of a small country? does the cost of a film really have to correlate with how good it was? bah. 
what career?  he's been absent for about 15 years.
while i really like the poster. i have to wonder what other people's opinions of it are.
his face... now sleep will be impossible.
well, i'm an enormous kent williams fan and thought he did a good job. i thought it should have been segmented into more defined four sections, though.
ofcourse it could be done. but it would be expensive.
they already did something like this i thought, the hot chick got to claw the balloons apart with claws
i've always wanted to know if you really could survive a nuclear blast by hiding out in a fridge.
it's very good actually.
good point about it being formulaic. still as paul mccartney says, "what's wrong with that?".  it's sort of pyxar's version of a romantic comedy. i'm a car fanatic, so i liked that about the film. i liked the depiction of the american southwest. and i liked the theme about the old highway system before the interstates.

i'm sure you know that the cast is made up of all-stars. i particularly liked bonnie hunt as sally carrera. and who can forget paul newman as doc hudson. and then there's george carlin as fillmore, a 1960 vw bus. i didn't like mater much.

as i said, i actually enjoyed it more on a second viewing. then i was able to lose my focus on the plot and just enjoy the visual aspects of the film and the characters.

&gt; you'd think that people would have had enought of silly love songs.
but i look around me and i see it isnt so.
some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs.
and whats wrong with that? 
id like to know, cause here i go again
oh, i don't disagree that there's a lot to like about it. personally, i think the "camerawork" in the film is superb - they did an outstanding job making it mimic the look of everything from nascar camerawork to the optical illusion as you pass a cornfield on the road.

i wasn't saying it was crap. i was just saying i don't think it's up to pixar's usual standards.
i don't mean to discourage you champ, but you really need to work on your material.
i don't think it is coincidence. she was probably doing an interview to promote t2, and the question came up. i bet they are going to do a lot of magazine interviews last week, radio call ins this week, and maybe a late show or something.
she was in terminator 2?
don't you think you're taking it toe far? 
i'd still like toenail her.
that was lifting a little girl with balloons.
also, so much more dangerous than basically anything else they've done.
ok. i agree that pixar has very high standards. nice chatting with you. btw, i just wrote a review of up if you're interested. you may have noticed it since it was posted to this same movie reddit.

http://futurenewstoday.blogspot.com/2009/06/spirit-of-pixars-up.html

http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8srpb/the_spirit_of_pixars_up_the_spiritual_symbolism/

yes they deserve to die, and i hope they burn in hell!
you don't discourage me.  as george carlin says: consider how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that.

its soooo much easier thinking you are an idiot than it is to actually work on myself, so...there you are.  although i did actually consider trying harder the next time rather than saying the first thing that came to my head, but as you can see, that didn't happen.
i hope you consider it a moral victory though.

geeze, where are you from? saudi arabia?
if you enjoyed the movie you don't get to question what makes sense. angelina jolies character made a bullet go 360 degrees around a room killed 10 people and herself last. you can imagine the bullet lost enough velocity to just hit her in the head and knock her out. it's plausible, a 6 year old recently got shot in the head while playing baseball and thought a ball hit him in the head.
al pacino in *scarface*: "say hello to my lil' friend!"
btw, when exactly do you have a chance to use that sentence irl?
&gt;i hope you consider it a moral victory though.

honestly, i couldn't be happier if you were an enemy general handing over your sabre.

&gt;as george carlin says: consider how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that.

now it's time to be pedantic. for that joke to be accurate he should have said median instead of average. i am ever so slightly ashamed that i typed that.
i look through the phone book and when i find a marvin i pay him a late night visit. they're becoming an endangered species.
there's all gonna laugh at you.  
holy fuck balls!!!
and some funyuns - of course people who don't get that quote actually do bring me funyuns and then i am forced to eat some.
you know i'm training to be a pit fighter!
the insurance people won't like it, then. 
1. ratatouille
2. the incredibles
3. up
4. wall-e
5. finding nemo
6. toy story
7. toy story 2
8. a bug's life

haven't seen monsters, inc. yet, but it sounds like it's worth it.  didn't watch all of cars.
ratatouille is one of my favorites of all time, i wonder why more people don't have it at the top. up could've have been better with more depth and a slower pace.
i suppose i'm going to enjoy this movie simply because i'm not expecting much from the frenchise anyway. giant alien robots punching each other and megan fox is a pretty simple formula.

too bad i haven't got the same feeling from x-men origins and terminator salvation
and i am ever so ashamed that you typed ever so ashamed
"big deal."
john? how's your arm, john?
smell baaaaaaaaddd.
"how do you like how *that* shit works?"
in my opinion one of the best lines from that movie.
it wouldn't be as dangerous as you think. if they used hot air ballons... say 50 ~ 200 of them... it could be possible.
the pictures they are talking about can be seen [here](http://www.egotastic.com/entertainment/celebrities/megan-fox/megan-fox-topless-pictures-003562). they are old, and are not nude, as she has pasties covering her. they are skin colored pasties, but pasties nonetheless.
...almost...there...
&gt;let me ask you something: will this thumb magically sprout wings and bat my penis away from her vagina? no? then i don't care if it's secretly possessed by hitler's ghost. case closed.

http://thesuperficial.com/2009/06/megan_fox_does_london.php
i want a suite, a shower, a shave, the feel of a suit. 
this kind of thing is already considered a legitimate form of ballooning...

[similar real life image](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/cluster_ballooning.jpg/180px-cluster_ballooning.jpg)  
[cluster ballooning article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cluster_ballooning)

been done loads.
paul newman. :(
i was thinking of the one on the show where they lifted the little girl. i didn't know they were on letterman. 
good poster for a good movie for a *great* book.
he isn't comedically fit to wear ernie hudson's boxers.
who wouldn't?
get yoah ass to mahz.
it's not my god-damned planet! understand, monkey-boy?
i feel like that scene in the simpson's when homer stands up and tells the kids to leave the room and he takes a deep breath and starts to scream "fuck!" but church bells drown out the word and ned leans out the window and says "thats the loudest profanity i have ever heard"
lots of repo man quotes in my repertoire:

you find one in every car. you'll see.
it happens sometimes. people just explode.
put it on a plate, son. you'll enjoy it more.
yeah, you got it. time machines.
the more you drive...the less intelligent y'are.
you pick it up!
ordinary fuckin' people. i hate 'em.

according to the dvd commentary, the only product placement deal they could get was for little evergreen trees, so they made all the food and drink generic. the tree manufacturer sent them a box of unscented trees to use in the movie.
"that's just like, your opinion man.." like the dude. if anyone asks me if i'm ready i instinctively say " i was born ready!" like jack burton in big trouble in little china. i once actually asked a girl out on a date by saying "would you like to have coffee and pie with me?" like travis bickle in taxi driver. it's been a while since i saw the movie, but at the time i know i would have nailed it. oh and it worked! we had coffee and pie!
i use "it's good to be da king!"
danny deckchair! 
sword looks wrong, but i wouldn't doubt that's how it looks in the movie. kurosawa was always putting nonstandard weapons in his movie. 

tosh's legs look too skinny, also. 
put...ze kendle...beck!
obscure one that my friends and i have said for years:
"green, green, green...green ornaments."
from return to oz (1985)
they did a [lawn chair larry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/larry_walters) episode. i'd imagine you would just need a lot more balloons and it could lift a house.
"i'm only *borrowing* your hum-vee!"
[here](http://www.egotastic.com/entertainment/celebrities/megan-fox/megan-fox-topless-pictures-003562)

also, i saw a screening of jennifer's body and she has a lesbo kiss with amanda seyfried (from big love) that was probably one of the hottest things i've ever seen.
[again?](http://kjbpod.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/ghostbuster.jpg)
first adam using a obscene amount of helium filled weather balloons. then a little girl using ~3500(iirc) party balloons. then a football filled with ~3 grams worth of helium. and finally adam with a structurally challenged giant clear plastic tubing raft.

i think the whole "fill stuff with helium and see what happens" myth is done.
&gt;it wouldn't be as dangerous as you think.

yes it would.  it's a fucking flying house.  in case you haven't seen wizard of oz, houses are heavy and tend to crush things when dropped on them.
don't forget that houses aren't built to be lifted from the top (or the fireplace log holder).  so they would need some kind of platform for the house to sit on, and then lift that with the house balanced precariously on top.  if they have too many balloons on one side, slip, there goes the house.

besides, based on my calculations from the late show stunt, it would take a million jillion balloons to lift a house.

speaking of up, how could having a tarp over the balloons prevent the house from floating away in the night?
"you - want - some - more?"   that robo bartender in the fifth element

as well as any line from star wars.

"but with the blast shield down i can't even see! how am i supposed to fight!?"/whine
not really. they would of course tether the house down so it could float but not fly away. they would do it in a huge open area. they wouldn't use a real house but probably build a little shack.

the reason they won't do it isn't because it is too dangerous (it really isn't). the reason they won't do it is because they have already done myths which were basically the same thing. making a person float with balloons is the same as a house, it just takes an insane amount of balloons.
mythbusters was never really science, i guess a science-lite?
how about that rifle he used to shoot marty down from the rope! that was a great gun. or lest not forget the ice machine he made! 
i wish we would have said **no** to black like we did yahoo serious.
[http://xkcd.com/397/](http://xkcd.com/397/)
what a random topic.  
when i saw bttf3 in the theaters, that time traveling train was the coolest thing my little brain had ever seen.  
doc didn't need the locomotive to be cool, though.  he is cool period.
very cool. i'd rank it right after [the first time we see the delorean fly](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kim-dokxa4c#t=1m13s).
fuck it, let's just call it **busted**.
i'd rather see the guys from it's always sunny in philadelphia as the next generation of ghostbusters.

anyone?  
no, here:  
  
http://www.sexyhotbeauty.com/2008/05/sex-goddess-megan-foxs-hawt-nude-swim/
how the hell can you remake the karate kid?
they do a lot more than what is shown on tv. the tests they show on tv are not the only ones.
presumably, the tarp was staked to the ground...
i could see black as some dude off the street who keeps pestering them to let him join. he would show up in his own made up suit, and a fake cardboard proton pack, and a gremlin or a pinto made to look like the ghostbuster car.
now don't go getting soft on me this summer, i know how it is...sitting by the pool all day, chasing the muff around!
those are some strong stakes.
fucking right you *ain't* in kansas anymore.

/fixed
downvoted only because they already did it.
that gives jack black work.  a thing me and my foundation refuse to sponsor.
what's that watermelon doing there?
**could** it be done? or would the force of all the balloons just tear off the chimney?
[from imdb trivia](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1049413/trivia): if carl's house was approximately 1600 square feet, and the average house weighs between 60-100 pounds per square foot, it weighs 120,000 pounds. if the average helium balloon can carry .009 pounds (or 4.63 grams), it would take 12,658,392 balloons to lift his house off the ground. (20,622 balloons appear on the house when it first lifts off.)
it would basically be a revisit but they couldn't get a house off the ground...did you see the amount of balloons needed for adam or even just a little kid?
i have had it with these motherfucking snakes on my motherfucking head!!
ain't aint a word mother fucker!
sigh.

pulp fiction wasn't that good, fellas.
bring me some mothafuckin' hamburgers, muthafuckas!  and a tasty beverage to wash it down!
the horror... the... horror....
what?
well i guess that settles that, glad i don't have to worry about having opinions anymore.
what ain't a country i ever heard of! 
first time i saw bttf3 when it was in theaters, i smiled from ear to ear when that thing lifted off the tracks.
wouldn't you rather just enjoy the movie?
you forgot about the [lead balloon myth.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzskm-qeeug)
ummm me too?
&gt;yoshikazu suzuki departed from lake biwa in japan on 23 november 1992 with helium balloons. he was spotted by a japanese coast guard airplane on 25 november 1992, located about 800 km offshore over the pacific ocean, at altitude between 2,500 and 4,000 m. he later went missing.

&gt;in april 2008, in brazil, roman catholic priest adelir antonio de carli suspended himself via 1000 balloons. ground observers lost track of him when he floated out above the ocean, and he was missing until his body was found by an offshore oil rig support vessel on 5 july 2008. carli at one point reached an altitude of 6,000 metres (19,685 ft) before losing contact with authorities; his altitude may have indeed been the record for cluster ballooning, but it cost him his life.

holy crap.
protip: unwarranted opinions make you look like a dick.
interview with michel gondry here: http://makingof.com/insiders/media/michel/gondry/on-directing-music-videos-vs-film/50/185
i'm not even supposed to be here today!!!
pay no attention to the motherfucker behind the curtain!
"english, motherfucker, do you speak it?" would have been such a better comment.

alas.
what?
i agree.  henry discovering he had a daughter was one of the most powerful scenes in a book i'd ever read.  and here's this movie trailer just tossing it out there like it's any ol' detail.  someone should lose there job for that.

i mean, you might as show bruce willis finding out he's a ghost in the sixth sense trailer.
i'd always figured the movie would open on a horrible car accident on an overpass in the snow.  no music, just the sound of screaming, fire and distant sirens.  the camera would zoom in and show several people walking around the wreckage.  we'd see men, women, and children screaming.  then we'd see a homeless person walking over the bridge...and see that it's an adult man with black hair.  another man jumps over two cars smashed together to tend to someone with injuries and we see that it's the same person as the homeless man.  then we see someone with a orange vest running towards the scene.  that too is the exact same person.

finally we pull out and see someone within viewing distance of the wreck making a phone call to 911 on a pay phone.  and it's the exact same person as the other three men we've seen.

then the title comes up; "the time traveler's wife".

there's your goddamned film intro right there!    
[context, muthafucka!](http://www.macdowellstudio.com/?page_id=13)
"man, you just shot the cowardly lion in the face!"
great review.
youre right, its *two* words!
[crucifies mr\_a and mrs_a]

gah!  that "beast of burden" painting makes me think of the [burr-woman](http://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/forum/lofiversion/index.php/t38692.html).
and later, you took her to a porno.
[crucifies farsay]

what?!
do they speak english in "what?"

whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa ... stop right there. deliberately killin' a bitch, and unknowingly droppin' a house on a bitch ain't even the same fuckin' thing.
*english*-motherfucker-can-you-speak-it?


what country you from?
his style reminds me of the what i used to see in mad magazine.
                                   jules (to brett)
                         oh, i'm sorry. did that break your 
                         concentration? i didn't mean to do 
                         that.  please, continue. i believe 
                         you were saying something about "best 
                         intentions."

               brett can't say a word.

                                     jules
                         whatsamatter? oh, you were through 
                         anyway.  well, let me retort. would 
                         you describe for me what marsellus 
                         wallace looks like?

               brett still can't speak.

               jules snaps, savagely tipping the card table
    over, removing the only barrier between himself and brett.
    brett now sits in a lone chair before jules like a political
    prisoner in front of an interrogator.

a kawasaki jeep, no less. 
                                     brett
                         yes.

                                     jules
                         then you understand what i'm sayin'?

                                     brett
                         yes.

                                     jules
                         now describe what marsellus wallace 
                         looks like!

                                     brett
                              (out of fear)
                         what?

               jules takes his .45 and presses the barrel hard in brett's 
               cheek.

                                     jules
                         say "what" again! c'mon, say "what" 
                         again!  i dare ya, i double dare ya 
                         motherfucker, say "what" one more 
                         goddamn time!

               brett is regressing on the spot.

                                     jules
                         now describe to me what marsellus 
                         wallace looks like!

               brett does his best.

                                     brett
                         well he's... he's... black –

                                     jules
                         – go on!

                                     brett
                         ...and he's... he's... bald –

                                     jules
                         – does he look like a bitch?!

                                     brett
                              (without thinking)
                         what?


michael's a superb actor. i have no doubt he'd make a very good bond villian. 
now that made that picture awesome.
and you will know that my name is the wizard of oz......!
 "say 'home' again! i dare you! i double dare you, motherfucker! say 'home' one more goddamn time."
bang!!

aaaaaaaarrrgh!
and the ice cubes were brown, like the mud water the mcfly's gave marty. i wonder why he didn't make a water filtration machine.
does he look like a bitch?
looks like the [ut3](http://img3.imageshack.us/img3/4283/unrealtournament31.jpg) poster.
dreaming with your eyes open? get over yourself....dreaming with your eyes open is lsd.
http://badmuthawizard.ytmnd.com/ 

this just adds to the awesomeness.
creepy trailer. damn do some japanese have no respect for some of natures most wonderful creatures. first the whaling and now the dolphins...
"video no longer available"
except for that horrible horrible photoshopped knife they put in brad pitt's hand.  ugh.
ichi the killer by takashi miike. it sure made me grind my teeth and grab hold to some furniture in more than one scene.
iirc he did have that knife on the set
wish someone had informed me before i kissed $3.00 goodbye when i bought a copy of the vhs tape five years ago.
sure, but you can see that the knife angles are all wrong for his hand.  it's like cthonian angles invading our world, what's next flyping polps!?
surprisingly, she's been a pin-up model back on her [young years](http://weblogs.variety.com/photos/uncategorized/2007/07/11/bwhite.jpg)
i'm sorry, but the magic died with bea, betty.
not too surprisingly, but i never realized i would kill 100 men to get near her in those days.
the queer knife had a non-euclidean form about it that was too terrible to be contained within the prattlings of a human mind.
thank you. i was just going to link that. this picture comes up at least every 2 months. i wish they would link the the original source.
that is when i first heard the scratching coming from within the walls.
&gt; adam sandler: has never made a sequel, shockingly.

ha haha hahahahaha!  no, he just runs his *script* through a computer program to change a couple of details here and there, then he makes the same movie over and over and over and over and over again.
sauce: http://badmuthawizard.ytmnd.com/
or you could avoid the blogspam and [just link directly to the quiz](http://www.empireonline.com/features/michael-bay-quiz/).
who else just googled "betty white naked"?
dark star, bitches!
thanks to mst3k, i've already seen the hercules and the viking women ones.
betty white is sort of known for enjoying raunchy scenes and saying things that seem shocking coming from her.
why, when making a list about who hasn't made a sequel, would you include fifteen who have?????
i really like tarantino, but i'll agree. i think it has become very clear that the more control he has over a project the weaker it becomes.

he has a really unique vision (well, unique for the arthouse), but his best work was when the studios had the most control over his work. ever since he became a star he has slowly fallen off.

if you were just trolling, i'm sorry to interject. please just go about your business.
reminds me of the robert schneider bit by south park.


http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-5294352531594402285
they used a list of the top 20 actors according to forbes.

http://star-currency.forbes.com/celebrity-list/top-celebrities
i hear that gladiator has over 400 historical inaccuracies.
am i the only one who originally thought that op was referring to [this?](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0e/maledetto_treno_blind_poster.jpg)
it even works in europe. watching "assassination in rome" now, thanks. 
i like.
then again, i might not.
that would look good on my wall.


that is... if i had a wall.
i have never heard of 1/2 of those movies. 
all he would have to do is run the water through some charcoal. that is to easy for doctor emmett l. brown; he would much rather create a mysterious synthetic material that looks strangely like yarn that makes fire hotter. 
i'm not trolling, it's what i really think.

reservoir dogs is good, pulp fiction is great (which roger avary should take a large amount of credit for) but the rest? i'm sorry i don't see it. 

i'll be happy to be proved wrong by the new movie, but i hope that people don't say it's great just because of who made it. (*star trek*)
daddy day care was pretty funny.
will they be filled with 4 minute commercial breaks every 8 minutes like on amc?
i did.  that scene bugged me in the trailer.  i figured it would be better explained in the movie, but it wasn't.
oh boy, the humanoids! that film scared me when it came out in 1962. perused the site-the original prisoner with patrick mcgoohan is being remade (yuck) but the original will be shown (though i doubt it will be on the trashy movie site, alas)
i kick ass for the lord!
i like [this one](http://www.phresh.cc/reel/onthereel/2009/i/inglourious_basterds/inglourious_basterds-poster2.jpg) better.
i want so much for none of these movies to be made.
you're a lucky, lucky man.
*sigh*...he used to be funny.
i believe it should be "nazi-occupied".
well he used some strong stakes.
grandmas boy had alot to do with gaming, and not in a bad light
this is my office, as well as my home.
anyone remember when amc was cool and they actually showed "classics?" thank god for tcm.
hail to the king, baby.
maybe then i would've had a reason to care about this movie.
a *gladiator* sequel with russell crowe? someone address my confusion.
2002 was the death of amc as you knew it. later, they adopted the mindfuck slogan, 'the future of classic.'

also one of their first original series, hustle, was british. i'm not really sure what amc is at this point.
i did neither.
we generally play video games to make life more like the movies.

most video games either lean toward making you feel immersed in a world, or making you feel like a character in a film.

the increase in 'casual games' recently definitely tends toward the latter, and they often resemble simple movies that you scroll through at your own pace. notice a lot of cinematics lately in games as well?

perhaps the movie industry is feeling threatened by casual games, since they are basically just 'choose-your-own-adventure' films. perhaps they should.
just search reddit for gladiator 2
i didn't assume you were trolling, just acknowledged that it was a possibility. 
why? if the user was a troll i was not about to get into a flame war, and the comment could have very well been bait.
"i can feel it... coming in the air tonight..."

*drum solo*

**punch in the face!**
dear michaelbay.com,

cut the shit. seriously.

sincerely yours,

me
very cool website. well done, ms. portman.
i thought you already got sick of that joke three times.
but... but... sandra bullock naked!
is it based on [this book](http://www.amazon.com/whiteout-duncan-kyle/dp/0312868707)?
i can highly recommend 'creation of the humanoids'.  it's one film every sci fi fan should see.  
this is gonna be worse than watching porn with your parents
something weird happened with my previous crassus gimmick accounts. i would make comments and they would appear, but when i looked from my main account i couldn't see them.

i think maybe reddit thinks i'm a spammer. i'm not going to submit any articles from this account, just comments. maybe that will do the job.

great find.
don't think i've seen any of these movies
don't expect too much from a movie whose title is deliberately spelled "inglourious basterds."
are you saying that people liked star trek because jj abrams was behind it? because for me it was very much a case of liking the film *despite* who directed it.
this is the one and only film that i just had to turn off...

*** spoiler alert ****

the scene with the fire extinguisher is particualry disturbing as it was just a tad too realistic
we should set a real ut up. i will play with you.
fair enough if that doesn't apply to yourself, but i think what i said is true for a lot of people.
he got me at "pygmy sex"
didn't get it.
seeing people tricked into revealing their douchebag prejudices only to be mocked for them will always be funny.
because they didn't set a custom one, and the reddit.com base image was changed to alien with dog.
had to stop reading at "clueless celebs and plebs".
no, [this one by greg rucka](http://www.amazon.com/whiteout-definitive-oni-press-v/dp/193266470x/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1245337940&amp;sr=1-1).
i'd just like to see sean connery play a villain.
i just want oddjob to return. he may not have been _the_ super-villain, but he was **my** super-villain.
edit: spelling
if that guy ever gets anywhere near an opportunity to write on a bond script, i will sacrifice my life to blow him up.
lastest movies are updated and a around 30 movies everyweek...looks like a good website...
yes, if only he hadn't retired from acting, they could write an absolute hack part (probably rehashing the goldeneye, mi:6 agent gone rogue story) and then they could make a lot of terrible snide jokes referencing the fact that he used to play the role of james bond. 

all rage aside, sean connery is amazing.
i was expecting a 'not available in your region' thing to pop up too, but it didn't hooray and huzzah! 
hahahah, awesome!
&gt;franz sanchez

no, don't bring him back until they're ready to kill off felix leiter.  they haven't given his character enough time to actually become a trusted bond buddy yet.  plus jeffrey wright is way too awesome to kill off this early in the rebooted universe.

also, this list is ridiculous.  where is scaramanga?
is 'dark star' really considered to be a 'b' movie?

i remember seeing it in a real theater (yes, i'm old) and loving every minute of it.

edit: thanks for the trip down memory lane.  i just realized netflix has it in stock!
zardoz approves.  
jaws? no way. richard kiel was the ted mcginley of the bond films.
it's not like he died at the end of the first one. oh wait he did.
i should have mailed it to the marx brothers.
hier kann man kostenlos den kinofilm harry potter und der halbblutprinz in form eines trailers sehen - den kinofilm harry potter und der halbblutprinz sehen
the argentinian film nine queens was quite good 
he knows what good pr is.
transformers 2, transformers movie watch online
we're all doomed all right. doomed to boredom.
whoa, no beard.
taking in account emmerich doomsday scenario movies, i take this to be utter bullshit
interesting fact about kal penn: his real name is kalpen (a common first name in india) suresh modi.
this is going to be awesome movie!
ah, the humor of narcissism. put words into someone's mouth and then mock them for being cooperative. 

i think the guy's a fucking asshole. 

shouldn't they at least release this movie on 12/21 so it fits with the mayan doomsday theme? also, so we have less time in our collective memories of this (probably) piece of crap before we are all wiped out in 2012.
upvoted purely for kelleys heroes, one of my all time favorite films.
i was surprised by ocean's eleven
no one puts words into your mouth that you don't want there.
i know it's considered retarded by some, but i thought the ending to *the village* was pretty surprising.
usual suspects, the holy mountain
the discussion begins and ends with memento
fuck tom cruise
oldboy. hee-heeeee. i envy the men who have the joy of experiencing this film's ending for the first time. (insert virginity joke here, i'll spare commenters the trouble).
&gt; watch the exclusive trailer only on yahoo.

... via youtube?
that's disappointing, although not surprising.
donald sutherland's character in that movie is hilarious, even 30 years later.
no to 2012 bs. no to the concept. no to bad, overused background trailer music.

but yes yes yes to john cusack and to giraffes flown by helicopter through icy tundra. decisions, decisions.
yeah good point. i wasn't very familier with his style before watching the movie, but after seeing some of his other pieces, i can see why a lot of people wouldn't be surprised, other than "oh there's the big twist... wooo".
seven, fight club, the prestige
the game
unbreakable.  although the premise of the movie was pretty retarded, the twist wasn't.
great film.  have you ever tried watching it in the correct order?
no, thanks.
hats off for the nero really turns out to be the one plot device.  
big ups for straight time, kelly's heroes and especially pelham. matthau is the king- charley varrick sounds awesome. nice list!
i don't normally complain about reposts, but when a [search returns 10 or so identical results](http://www.reddit.com/search?q=pixar+dreamworks), i tend to bring it up.

*ahem*

...repost omgz fucking hell what is wrong with you fuck i saw this times alot before go back to 4chan k newfag thxbai your mom!


something in me demands i watch a cgi clusterfuck every few years. maybe this one will be enough to break me of the habit, like a vaccine or something.
no, although i heard thats a dvd extra maybe?  i would assume that the movie's a lot less interesting that way...
perhaps audition, since the wtf-itude starts up relatively late and just goes off the charts. 
seven wasn't really a twist, was it?
i'm slightly embarassed to say that the ending to the sixth sense totally blew me away. 
yea, wont be seeing it. i like a coherent story occasionally mixed in with my cgi. independence day after tomorrow will rightfully tank.
it is less interesting as a film, but it's interesting to watch.  watched it in a script analysis class.
usual suspects, the game, casablanca, sixth sense
i'm slightly embarrassed that i picked it when he got shot, but then didn't say anything to my wife (who was watching it with me).
much better stated than pravm's list, which includes sixth sense right next to casablanca and usual suspects.
from dusk till dawn, i thought it couldn't get better. it did. 
lot of good ones already mentioned.  how about these: 

the spanish prisoner, a history of violence, deathtrap, shallow grave 
memento. with good margin.
i liked the movie as a whole, and the last scene in there was the best part for sure.
the player, the spanish prisoner, angel heart.
i liked the first half way better than the second half.
maybe it's just me, but i think it was pretty obvious what was going on in the usual suspects by about half-way through the movie. when the big "twist" was revealed, i was hardly shocked.
i dunno, i kinda' think it was. i mean, you knew they were doing the seven sins thing, and maybe you guessed that pitt's character was intended to be wrath, but you'd be unlikely to guess just *how* it's supposed to end or "what's in the box".
what? why would you want to do that? i love memento, but it would be a little boring if it was told in chronological order, and pretty much ruin the movie.
i can't think of any twists in that movie. fight club and the prestige, however, are certainly two on the top of my list.
yeah, but which twist? hell, they could have ended the movie with one by having the girl chloroform michael douglas's character and drag him into the car right before the credits rolled.
a heist movie where they pull off a heist? i'm not sure that counts as a twist.
mulholland drive
*pulp fiction* stole a choice line from *charlie varrick.*  know what it is?
if you ask me fight club's twist is kind of retarded.
that one where the bad guy turned out to be the good guy's father, and he was like "nooooo" and then he jumped off that thing.
the shape of things
beat me to it, oldboy is crazy!
i'm even more embarrassed to say that i leaned over to my friend in the second scene and said, "he's wearing the same shirt - boy someone in the continuity department missed that."

and i was still blown away at the end.  duh!!!
its not a movie but the ending of shadow of the colossus was very good.
i still tell people that has the best twist i've ever seen, and it's been three years since i've seen it. all the clues are there in front of you!
i liked the last scene... because it was the last one
hiyoooooooooo
the crying game had me pretty hot and heavy.
the sting, house of games, infernal affairs,

empire of the wolves! oh man, the friggin' twist in that one totally caught me off guard, but everything made sense afterward!
eastern promises. it's not at the very end, but you defiantly don't see that coming.
[primer](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390384/) is a philosophical mindtwisting, scifi mindfucker of a dystopian now.  well, it's not too dystopian, but it's certainly brilliant and fits your criteria perfectly.  and it was made for only $7,000.
fuck. i lost.
i'm not sure if it's a twist, but the end of *the mist* really took me by surprise. 
wanted?
amazingly like his last worldwide disaster movie, the day after tomorrow. i wonder if there will be another deus ex machina ending. 
try (in no particular order):

**run lola run**

**waking life (not so much action)**

the sphere

interstate 60

**memento**

**saw**

lost highway (mabe too much mindfuck)

**eternal sunshine of a spotless mind**

edit: quality films bolded (as in matrix is a quality film, br isn't) - just because it isn't quality, doesn't mean it's not very fun, btw
amen; memento was one of the few movies that *didn't* piss me off with its plot twists.  most movies that feature big plot twists are just trying too hard.
lone star because it just comes out of nowhere and is inessential to the plot
the village really annoyed me because i could see some random people who don't know anything about history assuming things were better in the "good old days," but no historian would want to go back in time to escape violent crime.

also, the sort of overprotectiveness that leads to you to isolate and destroy the lives of all your children and their children is pretty inconsistent with not having basic medical supplies in the camp, or with sending the blind girl for it.

still, it was much better and less stupid than signs.
i saw an elaborate [chart](http://www.freeweb.hu/neuwanstein/primer_timeline.html) the other day that tries to explain primer's plot in detail.  i had to chuckle at that guy's tenacity; primer really does have the most convoluted plot of all time.  excellent movie, though, if you enjoy mental challenges.
ninth configuration

v for vendetta
in hindsight the movie is not very believable. that's the thing about m night's movies though - you can really only watch them once. 
i describe "run lola run" as an action/philosophy movie (as opposed to a philosophical action movie).  and for the love of all that's holy, watch it with english subtitles, not, i repeat not, with the english voices dubbed over.

edit: oh, and watch it with good speakers and turn it up.
primal fear
well, it was specifically shown the way it was because it mirrors the short-term memory loss of the main character. it's that kind of effort put into the movie that makes me love memento even more.
the one to burn down rome?
if there's anything the world needs, it's another mission impossible movie.  thank you, hollywood.
[*brazil*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wh2b1ezfum) is one of my faves. it is directed by terry gilliam and set in a dystopian, bureaucratic nightmare,


i have the special edition dvd so i tried to, but my dvd player kept skipping scenes for some stupid reason so i gave up. grrrrr!
se7en. i know some people say "it's not really a twist!" but when everyone i know watches it for the first time they invariably say:

 **spoiler**

.

.

.

"woah! kevin spacey plays the killer???"
the illusionist threw me for a surprise towards the end, as did gattaca (sort of, it's a small one). there's another one i'm trying to remember that i just saw this week, but i can't remember now; i'll post if it comes to me.
[*12 monkeys*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=322uz5oo-we) is another good one by terry gilliam. it stars bruce willis, madeleine stowe and brad pitt. 
ugh.  terrible movie and *ridiculous* twist ending.  sam jackson('s character) created disasters because he had a hunch *someone* was "unbreakable"?  how did he know what city in which to create the disasters?  what country?  there's six billion people in the world, what were the odds of his plan working?

that's right, next to nothing.  a moronic, stupid, intelligence-insulting "twist".
i agree completely. the second time through the happening, i was thoroughly unimpressed.
nine queens from argentina!  you would appreciate it more of course, if you knew that the spanish from spain sounds different from the spanish in argentina.   argentinian spanish sounds like italian, while spaniard spanish is like british english! highly recommend the movie.
bank job was pretty good too, though. i mean you knew he was going to pull it off, but its all in the *how*.
the village has two twists:  one about the village elders dressing up in the monster costume, and the last one about where the village is/how it came to be.  the first one is a good, solid, if unexciting twist.  the *last* part, though, was the silliest fantasy i've ever seen.  no one would *really* do that (start a village because they think the world is too violent), and even if they did, they're what?  a few miles from civilization?  no forest ranger would've spotted them after 20 years?  they would'nt have seen a plane at some point?  stupid and completely unbelievable ending. 
i think that's one of the exceptions where the first time through is unwatchable.
[*donnie darko*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wqvhjk2bqs) is an interesting sci-fi mind bender set in the modern day. you may want to check out the wikipedia article after watching it for a debriefing.
obviously, everyone is voting for the usual suspects. the ending really is very surprising (unless everyone told you about how surprising the ending was before you saw it, so you spent the entire movie trying to imagine the least likely way it would end, so you could say "i saw that coming!", and even then, i seriously doubt you did), but it's not actually a good movie. *generally*, a good movie is one you can watch multiple times (by yourself) and still enjoy the buildup.

fight club is a film that, were you unaware of the source material, and no one had primed you on there being a serious twist you would *never* see it coming. and it's a damned good movie.


[existenz(http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120907/)] was a really good movie. i heard about it several years ago, on the internet i'm sure, and my wife and i watched it and we loved it.
i recommend pi by darren aronofsky. that with primer makes an excellent double feature. 
agreed. memento didn't seem contrived at all, even though it was a pretty new concept for a film at the time. the ending was so perfect too. i don't want to give it away to the people who haven't seen it (go watch it now if that's you) but it fit so perfectly with the movie that it made perfect sense and even though you are shocked at what he does, you understand it in some basic human way.
i like the movies that charlie kaufman has written. [*eternal sunshine of the spotless mind*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gilxkdk8si) is probably his most mind bending, tho i haven't seen [*synecdoche new york*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiizh6nyntu) yet. just watching the trailer for *eternal sunshine* makes me want to see it again. it's one that bears repetition.
wait...what's the twist in casablanca?
some things do that by design...
[*being john malkovich*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=webkvbkdgui) is the movie that turned me on to charlie kaufman's writing and spike jonze as a director. haha, the trailer uses the same music as brazil. great minds think alike, i guess.
i guess maybe the main protagonist turning antagonist at the end is sort of a twist.
damn it. now i lost too.
the sting, definitely, because you just don't see it coming.  absolutely brilliant movie with a brilliant twist.  didn't see any of the other movies you mentioned.
the sphere and memento are great. good call- i did like them but forgot about them. i shall now edit my list to include them. thanks!

i've also seen waking life, saw, and part of eternal sunshine.

&gt;note to self, watch:
&gt;**run lola run, interstate 60, and lost highway.**
lucky number slevin
more like the discussion ends and begins with memento.
[*mulholland drive*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96r9mg0dxlc) is a weird, artsy, sexy, mind bender by david lynch. it got mixed reviews but i loved it. 
you know about all the others mentioned so far, but you don't know about [spider forest](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0407821/).

watch it, thank me, tell someone else.
i have a lesson to relate. i wanted to show the game to a good friend. not owning it, and being rather poor at the time, i turned to the dark gods at a certain torrent tracker for information.

anyway, i downloaded the movie and without viewing more than the first few minutes to make sure it was really the movie, i burned it to a disk and brought it to my friends place...

do you remember the part where *someone* is about to open that door on top of the building and michael douglas has a gun? 

yes... some evil, brilliant, mother-fucker cut the movie at the moment the doors start to open.

garr. the next day, i found a full copy of the film and showed it to my friend, but it just wasn't the same. i’d like to find the guy who uploaded that. i think i’d still punch him in the face, but i’d buy him a beer first.

lock stock and two smoking barrels. i don't know if you would call it a twist, but i was amazed by the happenings in hatchet harry's office.
no one has mentioned [the conversation](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071360/) yet. it was written and directed by francis coppola (godfather) and was nominated for best picture.
[*memento*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbtmaffb0ca) is a definite mind bender of a detective movie. it is directed by christopher nolan who is now quite famous for directing *the dark knight*.
[*full metal jacket*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wavwqa64b8m) is stanley kubrick's vietnam war movie. not a full-on mindfuck but shows the twisted and surreal aspects of war.
spoiler as a reply to this
frailty had an interesting couple of twists... that is a highly underrated flick.

the one about which brother is which, i spotted early on (and it's kinda obvious, honestly).  the other one... yeah, that was pretty surprising.

edit:
also, now that i think about it, el orfanato and the others both had some nice twists, as well.
do you think he made up the whole story or did he mostly tell the truth?
disgusted ≠ retarded, so oldboy flies.
while the twist adds a lot to the story, and apparently took many people off guard, i called it about halfway through. **spoilers** i mean, why else would they imprison him for 15 years and then lead him to a girl around that age? especially after you realize that he walked in on incest before being imprisoned.
the movie i'd put at the top of the list has already been mentioned, but here's one that hasn't been but deserves to be on the list:

the prestige
who framed roger rabbit?
yo dawg.
[*fight club*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uicfyjpulk4) surprised me. it has more interesting ideas than fight scenes. highly recommended.
classic gene hackman. surprising twist, yes, but it was done too 70sly, imo.
well, people frequently have left civilization to start anew and sometimes their results end up leading to a new civilization, e.g. christian monasteries in europe after the fall of the roman empire.  the movie actually addresses the subject of the location of the village to make it a bit more plausible, i.e. it's in a giant nature preserve park in a rural part of the state.  of course you seem to be missing that the village was meant as a thought experiment, not a documentary on an actual project. the village communicates that humans can't escape human nature-- original sin's endemic. for a horrific example of starting a civilization in the middle of nature think of the [jim jones cult.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jonestown)

thanks to ours for the correction!
you know, i remember reading the short story (stephen king), and i was worried about the movie adaptation. some of his movies haven't really done that well (while others i thought were fantastic). but when i saw it, i think it did ok. the ending wasn't the same, but i think i liked the movie ending better.
old yeller.
complete and utter mind fuck.  and phillip seymour hoffman is incredible in it.
that movie was so physically impossible it made me yell at it.
who knows? and that's the point :)

the [unreliable narrator](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unreliable_narrator) is an oft used literary device.
&gt;no one would really do that (start a village because they think the world is too violent)

ever heard of hippie communes, dumbass?
the first saw.
the beauty of mullholland drive is that you don't expect a twist from lynch; his vision is just warped enough to make you think it doesn't need one.
i've seen it before and it was quite enjoyable. good call. any other suggestions? (note my revised list up top)
waaayyy too far fetched. jurassic park was far more believable.
seen it. it was pretty decent. i highly discourage watching s. darko, however. 

thanks anyway for the suggestions. got any others? (note my revised list up top)
very good call. that was already on my list though. (see original post up top)

any other suggestions? thanks!
i'm fairly sure they started out making a typical tarantino movie, but got drunk and decided to throw in some vampires.
i'll check it out, thanks!
seen it. good call, but not exactly what i'm looking for. very close, but no cigar.
seen it. good call. check out my revised list up top and give me any other suggestions you can think of. thanks :)
i'm actually in the process of watching that movie right now. i paused the movie just so i could revise my list to get more efficient suggestions. speaking of which, check out my revised list up top.

kudos for the good call.
cache. i don't know if it really counts as a twist but there is a sudden, unexpected event that drastically alters the tone of the film.
excellent call. i don't know how i left it off my list. kudos to you.

check out my revised list up top and see if there's anything else to suggest. thanks :)
i disagree that the usual suspects isn't a good film, it's even better with a second viewing as you can appreciate some amazing pieces of acting by the actor who's identity is revealed as some expressions can be completely reinterpreted once you know who he is.
paycheck? are you fucking serious?
it's based on this, [la jetee](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056119/) which is worth seeing as well.
this should be closer to the top of this list
good call. i added that as a previously seen movie on my newly revised list up top. check it out and tell me if there's any other movies you'd suggest. kudos!
can there really be enough scientologists to keep this guy in business?
touche. however, i think it was at least worth watching. everyone hates ben aflek, but it didn't bother me so much.

i revised my list into sections. check it out. any suggestions?
legally blonde.
repo! the genetic opera was unexpected. plus paris hilton's face falls off. that alone would be enough, but no - it's only a part of the greatness.
i'll check it out. didn't read the synopsis. i'm heavily against knowing anything about a movie before i watch it. i don't even look at the boxes when i rent movies. i just go by suggestions of friends who have good recommending histories, giving only small guidelines when necessary to guide suggestions in the right direction.

if at all possible, i would like to watch a movie on a friends suggestion without knowing anything about it including the name of the movie or the genre. but that's so difficult to pull off, so reddit is my next best shot.

it's so bad that when i'm watching a trailer in the movie theater, and one of the previews looks even slightly interesting, i close my eyes and factor polynomials in my mind to block it out.
i started to think something was wrong in the scene where bruce willis is in the kitchen with the kid's mom, but they never acknowledge one another. but i just thought it was a dramatic choice. maybe he's so haunted by the patient he failed, he can't connect with people anymore?

but as more of scenes like these started to pile up, i was confused at his resolve to remain unconnected with humanity, until the very end, where i thought, "oh, well that makes sense!"
v for vendetta is already on my list. i'll watch ninth configuration though. thanks for the suggestion. kudos!
heh heh heh... that was me.
i just saw *oldboy* a few months back. (true story...) i finally watched it because my girlfriend mailed me her netflix disc, with a note saying that she thought i'd like it. i can't imagine what part of the movie made me think i'd want to see it, and i'm terribly afraid to ask...
okay. synopsis removed. i think you'll like it.
post was deleted. what did it say?
house of games! nobody ever talks about that great movie.
fight club
[*children of men*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx1avpdkyes) has a  dystopian setting, plus some masterful film making. i didn't link to the official trailer because it had spoilers.
 have we forgotten about [no way out](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093640/), or does that fall under the category of being retarded? 
ever heard of the amish? (and the new amish, people who join)
*fight club*'s "twist" was telegraphed right from the beginning. if you'd read the novel, it was practically stated on the first page. i still enjoyed both.

with *the prestige*, they tell you in the opening scene to watch out for "the turn" ("are you watching closely?"). it made the film all the more entertaining knowing from the beginning that they're throwing clues out there for you, so you'd keep your eyes open.

as for *se7en*, i wouldn't really call the ending a "twist". that just the logical conclusion to the narrative.
interstate!
i agree, i can't think of a better example of me watching a movie all the way through and just being completely pissed off when the credits roll. 
i agree. and further hats of to all filmmakers that take the time and trouble to put a decent ending on a film. there are so many films that are great rewarding cinematic experiences but which have flat predictable endings, like the production ran out of steam and so they run the credits. true artists are going to craft an ending just as worthy as the other parts of the film and it’s narrative. hats off to those that make a good ending!
it's been a while since i watched [*akira*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqp1bdxpaju) but i remember being impressed with its cinematic qualities. i don't watch much anime but *akira* is a classic.
i loved the ending, it was so utterly fantastic that a movie didn't end all happy happy.
lone star! another great film you never hear about here on reddit. go out and rent lone star you cinophiles!
the game.
cypher was pretty surprising, so was that one with kevin costner who was looking for the russian spy.
yeah, i wouldn't call that a "twist". just, "okay, tarantino's jacking off on camera for an hour" and.... oh, *there's* the vampires they showed in the trailer!
rosemary's baby has a very surprising ending, i remember thinking "what the hell?", it really doesn't fit with the rest of the movie, even if it kind of does. i don't know, it's just crazy.
the french policeman being a buddy at the end maybe?
actually, the plot twist was at the *beginning.*
rosebud is the sled.
argh, i didn't even know they made a movie of this.  i read the story when i was in junior high, and i thought it was great (except for the ending).  now i'm going to have to rejoin netflix...
all about eve.
donnie darko, 
sometimes people fly planes over the amish.
it's retarded because is a m. night shyamalan movie. he's previous movie ending was about how the aliens were defeated because people started throwing water at them.
i know why they made it like they did, i'm saying that's what makes the movie so good.
fight club, never even heard of it before first viewing.
i goddamn love the prestige. brilliant!
cypher, with jeremy northam and lucy liu!
children of men is, imho, the greatest dystopian film ever.
i actually have a funny anecdote about that movie **warning: spoilers**

when i went to see that movie for the first time, it was after seeing a long string of incredibly shitty horror/suspense films.  toothfairy, the forgotten, skeleton key, boogeyman, etc.  one of the things that these movies all have in common is that they show all of their cards too early.  the big scary monster turns out to be a single being or even a group of beings, and it turns from a suspense thriller to some kind of stupid chase.

saw did exactly that.  it was at the point where the guy was chasing zeb down that i realized the movie had jumped the shark.  it was completely silly, and i really didn't care who won or lost.

then, the last minute completely blew me away.  it was so obvious, but they somehow managed to draw the audience's attention away from it long enough for it to work really well.

i saw the sequel, and was so disappointed that i haven't bothered with the rest.  nothing will ever beat that first movie.
[uh, there are reposts. and they make this guy angry. and then the poster makes this face.](http://imgur.com/ru81h.jpg)
the wizard of oz.
chris marker's la jatee and the gilliam remake, 12 monkeys. to a lesser extent, vertigo (who hugely influenced marker). 
infernal affairs 
jacobs ladder
yea, no where near twilight's.............................................? 
how people can be paid to tell others how good a movie is, is way beyond me.
wow that aircraft carrier was really big, it dwarfed the white house.
seven blew me away. for one, kevin spacey wasn't credited at the beginning of the film or in any of the trailers or ads leading up to it, so his presence in the movie was a total surprise. secondly, the final scene with a tormented brad pitt was one of the most shocking moments i've witnessed at a theatre. the "twist", without getting into spoilers (though i can't imagine not having seen this movie yet) was that spacey won.

but for twists, i still think the usual suspects is pretty big.
when i first saw the film i didn't think rick was going to give the exit visas to lazlo and ilsa. came as a surprise to me.
having just watched it, pliers and blowtorch. maybe it was just the streaming netflix quality on a slow connection but it kind of struck me as a 80s tv version of no country for old men. (even though it was made in '73).

it has some moments.
except it was basically a superhero origin in movie form, instead of graphic novel. but i guess it's terrible and ridiculous to believe that a rich guy would ever dress up in a bat suit?

m.knight could easily have done a sequel with slmfj breaking out of jail somehow, and then doing a straight up good vs bad comic book fight movie, and it wouldnt have felt out of place.
heart wrenching and tragic. i loved it.
your contention is that the evil mastermind shouldn't have committed atrocities because the *odds* weren't in his favor? that's ridiculous.

did he get lucky? yeah. you know who else got lucky? *every protagonist in any movie evar for all time forever*


i don't know. fantastic movie. brilliant and executed perfectly. i don't consider it containing much of a "twist" though. i mean, the story unravelled in reverse order - and though we didn't always know what was going on until a segment or two later, it felt more like slow enlightenment rather than a singular "twist".
i can't remember anything about that movie because i can't remember about the condition i have because i have this condition.

hooray, house of games! i fuckin' love you man.
expecting the village to be plausible is a bit like finding fault with grimm fairy tales for lacking in realism.
obviously some of it has to be true - those moments that can be verified by reliable third parties, like his retelling of moments that included the police. i think they would know if he made something up about the police that never happened. 
lol. perfect.
no, i knew it was the guy on the floor from the moment the movie started. he was just there, and the movie kept going on, pointlessly, without addressing him again. it wanted to create a mcgauffin, but all it did was remind you that it was just another shitty movie. 
seemed pretty retarded to me. i guess people give the bad guy's nonsense logic a pass though because its korean
i'm of the opinion that there's no work of fiction immune to the standard of internal consistency.  i could handle implausible, but beating-yourself-in-the-face-with-a-stick-stupid is a bit much.
i was surprised it was good?
psycho - 1960... hitchcock wins
that one film starring johnny depp.
i think a lot of folks are confused by the meaning of "twist". shocking or intense endings don't necessarily count as a "twist" (the descent, seven), nor do simply "strange" endings (ie. mulholland drive, donnie darko). i think of a twist as a radical change in the truth of the story, or a moment of discovery that alters the story as told thus far.

usual suspects might just be the mother of all twist endings, but i'd also add american psycho and the game.
the empire strikes back (never saw it coming)
but the hippie communes (and natezomby's amish) would be aware of an outside world, and the outside world aware of them.
the second half was directed by another guy...or did you know this?
absolutely agree on frailty, really underrated.  great ending.  
fyi - it's la jetée
spoilers

no man, the usual suspects you could call halfway through.  it really made no sense for him to not be soze.
remember, they just paid off somebody at the faa to declare their place a no-fly zone.  perhaps you missed the bullshit throwaway line at the end of that bullshit movie.  my friend spoiled it right before i went to see it on campus, man, that move stunk.
i thought the whole thing was done by robert rodriguez.
[la cité des enfants perdus](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112682/), or the city of lost children: a surrealistic dystopia type of film with awesome art direction. about a crazy mad scientist who steals children's dreams to help him stay young

[delicatessen](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101700/): by the same french directors - a post-apocalyptic dystopia about cannibalism
&gt;with the prestige, they tell you in the opening scene to watch out for "the turn" ("are you watching closely?").

this is why good foreshadowing is so underrated. that even applies to se7en i think. it was a twist, but it was so well foreshadowed that it seems very natural, as you said a "logical conclusion."
i had not read fight club so the twist was freaky-weird-fun to me.
congratulations on being more prescient than 99.99% of movie-goers. 
[a scanner darkly](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405296/), based on the novel by philip k. dick. not my favourite film personally, but still worth watching within the genre.

edit: sorry - didn't see it in your list until now
it was a typical "anime-style" ending.
the mist. 
the ending made that movie good. 
i think that's a good order, too. lost highway is kinda like mulholland drive (well it's a lynch movie, suffice to say...)
i have a special edition (looks like his files with real post-its saying watch me and stuff.

to watch the movie you have to complete a psyc test. if you answer a certain way you get bonus features... one of them watching the movie in chronological order.

one of my fav movies. i love the scene where he is running and doesn't know why. then he sees the guy and says to himself "i must be chasing him" then the guy fires at him and he says "maybe not" and runs away.

**not the actual quotes, but close.   been a while since i watched.
hooray someone knows la jetee! have an upmod good sir.
[the machinist](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0361862/) - probably falls somewhere around the mindf*ck category...
i wonder why carot is no longer making films..
you should start with spoilers, in case anyone doesn't agree with your opinion of the movie.
[metropolis](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0017136/) - the inspiration for a lot of more modern sci-fi / dystopia movies. silent films aren't for everyone, but if you don't mind then give it a viewing. it is especially interesting when taken in its historical context, the weimar republic in germany (1920's). 
i was so blown away that the movie was about vampires. 

best wtf in a movie for me. not so twisty as what the fuck &lt;--- this is exaclty what i said out loud at 2 in the morning waking up my dad. he told me i had to watch this movie, but didn't tell me anything about it.
i realize that came off as kinda jackassish, maybe someone spoiled it for me and i subliminally remembered it.

or i just kinda figured that since i had heard there was a twist, it would make sense for the bad guy to be the one surviving bad character, as opposed to some random new character.

edit: not saying it was a bad movie either, i thoroughly enjoyed it, especially the second time around.
great movie... one of my favs.
i'm glad i scrolled down this far before i posted this. on the other hand, why does this not have more upvotes???

one of the original and greatest movie twists.
brazil
blade runner
based on the title, i'd like to say no.

i.e.

&gt;without being retarded.
dude, i just discovered [jinni](http://www.jinni.com)

so far, it's pretty fucking awesome at suggesting new material.

shits and giggles: i like a lot of the same things you do. you might enjoy [rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead](http://www.jinni.com/movies/rosencrantz-and-guildenstern-are-dead).
to be honest, i wouldn't recommend this movie at all.  the underlying story is interesting and had potential for a great film, but the movie is really talky and boring.  scenes drag on for too long and it takes forever for the story to go anywhere.  maybe it's just me, but i could never get into it.
i found that timeline after watching the movie the first time and it seriously made the movie even more amazing every watch after that.
i really enjoyed that movie... i don't understand why it wasn't a bit more successful then it was.  oh well.
[dark city](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118929/)
the greatest sci-fi flick of all time : blade runner.
loved 'inside man.'
sleepaway camp

*shudder*
[strange days](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114558), a fun watch albeit a little dated
[the prisoner](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061287/) - actually a tv series not a movie
i was going to to say primal fear, but then you qualified it.
i know it's not a movie, but bioshock was really _really_ good in this respect, and i don't wanna give any more than that.
yeah, the first half was really cool.  i didn't watch it until a few years ago and had always assumed it was just another stupid vampire movie so i never gave it a chance.  but people telling me it was good made me decide to watch it and the 1st half was a nice surprise.
it's not in the end, but throughout the movie - children of men is full of great twists (i.e. at night when he realizes the gang dudes are all falling apart and want to use kie [key, ... oh the pun]).
if you like being john malkovich at all, try [adaptation](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268126/) it's another by kaufman.


it's a movie about the guy who wrote the movie writing the movie. it's a little slow to start, but the end is worth it.
&gt;while others i thought were fantastic


i bet most of those where made by frank darabout, the same guy who made the mist.
i hate know it alls
a lot of viewers have mixed feelings about it, myself included. the rotoscoping is pretty neat, though...
some of us don't have time to see every movie, so we rely on such people to see them in advance and tell us about them--to "screen" them for us, if you will. that way, we can avoid wasting $12 and two hours on a movie that sucks.
south america, not africa. guyana to be precise.
fun movie, but it looked very amateurly shot to me. maybe because it was shot on digital or something.
for some reason that movie was called "the wrong man" in australia.
secret window?
plenty of stuff in lone star was "inessential" to the plot - like the family life of colonel paine, the white male sergeant's romantic relationship with the black female sergeant, the female private trying to move on from her "gang" past and so on.

i wrote what i consider a pretty good review at my blogsite [here](http://one-salient-oversight.blogspot.com/2006/05/lone-star-film-review-with-pictures.html). i know people tend to downvote "blogspam" but i'm not asking anyone to voteup this comment and my site doesn't have ads so all i can say is that you should just read my review and enjoy it and nothing more.
vertigo. hitchcock was the master.
i thought that the first time i saw it.
don't see *what* coming? i loved that movie but don't remember any twists at all.
fight club, usual suspects, sixth sense
angel heart, yes! the player, what twist? the spanish prisoner, i have to see it still.
yeah, i don't think any of those 70s conspiracies really qualify as twists. they evolve into a mystery maybe.
i was hoping to be the one to post this. one of my faves.
i have to watch that one.
oh, *no*. that's a genuine piece of shit. 
the machinist. 

now, though, after reading all these, twists sure do seem obvious when thinking about how they build up to them. 
when i watched it for the first time i was convinced that the "second woman" was played by a different actress.
well it wasn't so much a twist as it was an ending which gave people some idea of what had actually been going on inside sam lowry's head.
and in context it was probably the worst twist to have - it permanently skewed the star wars universe into accepting all sorts of dumb stuff. 
me too. i watched it without knowing anything beforehand. i thought it was just a mindless violence movie and hired it from the video store based upon that assumption.
have you seen the sequel? i was tempted to rent it.
[spirited away](http://homevideo.about.com/library/weekly/aafpr042303.htm) an anime by miyao hiyazaki.  it takes some patience to get into, but you'll definitely be rewarded.  it not only plays with your mind, (who is the villain? who is a good guy?) but gives you a neat window into japanese culture.  it was more popular in japan than "titanic".  
fight club. i hated it the first time i saw it, because i thought it cheated. that tyler durden's identity hadn't been adequately set up. on second viewing i realized he genius of the film. one of the few films i feel was smart enough to surprise me with information i had no idea that i'd been given. 

how's that working for you?
i had a feeling about who keyser soze would be, mainly because i felt the director tried too hard to show that spacey could *not* be soze. also, "keyser soze" was played by 5 different actors in various scenes. that's not a twist, that is misleading the audience and then saying nyah,nyah!
but, but! jack black does that weird, robot-esque dance with his hands moving around the area above his crotch! that's *comedy gold*, people!
* memento
* the empire strikes back 
* the usual suspects
* 1984
* one flew over the cuckoo's nest
* se7en
* dr. strangelove or how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb

* (edit) oldboy
wow look at the huge reaction this news is getting.  so much excitement.
citizen kane
because by then you had seen enough movies that copied the whole 'twist in the tale' thriller idea from it. if you had watched it when it had come out, you wouldn't have been saying this.
check out 'series 7'. it is the seventh season of an american reality tv show in which participants are randomly chosen and must kill each other; the winner defends their title in the next season. pretty crazy, like a verite 'battle royale' with some memorable characters.

second 'existenz' and 'eternal sunshine of the spotless mind'.

'videodrome' is pretty classic too (that's also by david cronenberg, who did 'existenz').

if you don't read 'solaris' (by stanislaw lem) which is one of the truest sci-fi mindfucks out there (a living 'ocean' of protoplasm on another planet and the bizarre attempts at communication between it and humans... you'll see), there was a film of it by andrei tarkovsky in 1962, and steven soderbergh remade that in 2002. i recommend the book though, because after that, the films struck me as exceedingly slow.

on the action-movie end of things, check out 'total recall' for philip k dick turned into a schwarzenegger movie, retaining most of its mindfuck and adding even more; it's directed by verhoeven, who directed 'robocop' and 'starship troopers', both of which i also recommend for this list.

i recommend a novel by ursula k. leguin, 'the dispossessed', which is the best dystopia/utopia i have ever met. the utopia is very fleshed out and rather unique, and i couldn't imagine it ever really existing or being created by people raised in a capitalist society, which is part of its allure. and the dystopia is the harshest critique of capitalism i've ever seen, much sharper than the stomping boot of orwell's totalitariopia, huxley's consumer-senses-distraction society, or brabury's absurdly stifled ignorant city.
strange days was a pretty good mindfuck along the lines of existenz.  it's about watching other people's memories and using them like a drug.  
life.
terminator 3 - rise of the machines.
it's over. time for you to put aside the gun... and live. it all began with a bunch of old fools. now... they've all passed away. their era of folly is over. i'm the only one left, and soon... i'll be gone, too.

what gave it away for me was when he used the word anti-biotics
roland emmerich really likes killing the white house with things, doesn't he?
tis but the thunderbirds, my child.
the main guy was rich, he owned the sanctuary they lived in. he even had the government re-route planes away from the sanctuary. no one was allowed in to the sanctuary, the rangers stayed out side of the wall. 

watch the movie again and pay attention this time.
what you're after:
miracle mile,
planet of the apes (original original original),
soylent green,
chinatown,
easy rider,
logan's run...

ok so some of these aren't apocalyptic, but they all end on very dark notes
fallen.

also: http://forum.dvdtalk.com/archive/t-509048.html

edit to add: shaun of the dead
he made dante01 not long ago
*edit*
-not sure if it has been released in the us..
-isn't his name caro?
-link to the dante01 trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djqztplr8hw
the one where the stupid kid can see dead people uh..... return of the jedi!
i love that movie. i try to tell people about it whenever i can.

not really a big twist though.
identity
identity
funny games


no country for old men


barton fink
[dead or alive: hanzaisha](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxndj7ac6is)
nice.... very nice
[the crying game](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_crying_game)
i believe the screenwriter would argue that whether the story was the truth or not is inconsequential but rather that it was a really great story. 
everyone says that.
(spoiler alert)

1984.
arlington road - awesome ending (although now i've spoiled it for everyone).

i always liked the idea of a die hard type movie where the lone protagonist fights his way heroically to the end of the movie, only to then be killed by hans gruber (or whoever) who promptly flies off to enjoy his millions - i can imagine that kind of ending would piss a lot of people off, and i like that.
also the original version of [the vanishing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_vanishing_(1988_film\)) - another awesome ending.
pretty in pink

a.i.
where's ernst stavro blofeld?  the dude ran spectre for crying out loud.  the world needs villains like that.
be sure to watch the 49 second ad, then the preview.
okay, good point - i wasn't expecting that either.
&gt;maybe someone spoiled it for me and i subliminally remembered it.

that's what happened to me. my friend made an off-hand comment and knowing the information i guessed the twist within the first fifteen minutes. i still haven't forgiven him for that.
holy shit, this thread is 6 hours old and no one has mentioned *jacob's ladder.*

if you haven't seen it, do so. now.

plan on not sleeping that night.
i don't think you can include memento on that list unless you have a really loose interpretation of "bad guy".
dammit turturro, everyone knows you don't fuck with the jesus.
that vigo mortensen's character was an underground scotland yard detective. 
i can't believe nobody has mentioned [the quiet earth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089869/) - definitely right up your alley
i had the same reaction with inside man, which has the added benefit of having clive owen in it.
invasion of the body snatchers.  the 1978 version is still creepy as hell.
[the quiet earth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089869/)

edit:

@all - you don't need a spoiler warning in a submission titled like this one.
on the beach (1959) is a fantastic movie http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053137/
that movie mentally raped me.. - in the awesome way.
that would be 'liquid sky.' (you did say 'twisted', didn't you?)
i've watched that movie probably 10 times and have no fucking clue what the hell is going on.
titanic
personally i enjoy crappy movies like:

- the beach
- twister
- waterworld
this may be up to interpretation, but i've always felt that "heat" ended the wrong way, thus deserves to be in this category.

question posted to reddit acting as spoiler for great films ftw!
i love defiantly not seeing things coming, it's much better than doing it coweringly.
fight club
kind of depends on what you mean by "bad guys".  it would probably be more correct to use the term "antagonists", since in films such as ocean's eleven, the italian job, goodfellas, the godfather, et al pretty much everyone is a "bad guy" - thieves, murderers, extortionists, etc.
[they live](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096256/)
oops, it was [*synecdoche new york*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiizh6nyntu) written and directed by charlie kaufman,

i deleted it because i haven't actually seen it, and before i noticed there were any replies.
28 days and/or weeks later


"the great silence" (a spaghetti western) and "ran"
i am a connoisseur of bad films. i particularly enjoy the oeuvre of a certain billy blanks.

check out back in action, if you can find a copy. tc2000 is pretty good as well. 
watchmen

edit: why the downmods? the bad guy _did_ win at the end. his entire plan came to fruition, and millions of people died.
probably "wing commander". although really, i don't think it's that bad. 
that's one of those movies i've heard of, it's been recommended to me before, and i should finally get around to watching. it sounds scary. i have to be in the right mood to enjoy a scary movie.
roland emmerich movies: 20% epic cgi, 80% ill-conceived, boring and offensively stupid social drama.

also, will a computer virus save mankind once more?
i second waterworld
primer.
the whole film was one, big twist.
the director put hollywood to shame with this film.
that's a series, not a movie.
not so much. he ends up "killing" tyler, so technically the bad guy loses. and the credit companies definitely lost, and i don't think anyone thinks they're the good guys...
horrible movie...
it's not even "horror movie" scary, really. it's "screw with your mind" scary.
"bad guys" is a technical term meaning characters with pimples, scars, russian accents, and fetishes.
i remember reading about how they discovered some new footage (2008) and it might be re-released. soon according to the [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metropolis_(film)#rediscovery).
no it was a good ending. nada sacrificed his life and the alien-mindcontrol-transmitter was destroyed...

not a twist, really. ah, hell, maybe it was. viggo was so good at being a russian mobster that i guess it was somewhat *surprising.*
i think i missed that. :/ actually as i typed that it came flooding back, damn that was a good movie.
the first saw was awesome, they following are just cash-ins. which i suppose they deserve.
the mist  
cloverfield  
synechdoche, new york?
that twist was retarded, because they produced 3 prequels later, which were the worst pieces of cinema i've ever seen, just to explain it.
upvoted for the best version of body snatchers; although the [1994 version](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106452/) is fun to watch for shits and giggles.  (i don't know if it's aware that it's hilarious but it is).
that explains why it didn't make sense to me at the time. it felt like i only got part of what was going on. may give it another try with the timeline info.
my buddhist friend is trying to tell me there's a sequel.
on a related note, i've always hated the way taxi driver ends with him in hospital and the press cuttings on the screen.

it would be a much more powerful ending (and indeed film) if he died and they cut the last couple of minutes.
we have a lot of overlap with our movie likes, which is why i listed several of the movies i like that were not on your original list. i really like these kinds of threads about a particular flavor of movie or tv show. it's always fun to discover new things.
that's fanfic - doesn't count.
i was off sick from work a few years back and this came on as an afternoon matinee. really great movie. quite sinister too.
have you seen bob dylan's [masked and anonymous](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0319829/)?
armageddon. it has awesome music, awesome photography, and liv tyler. of course the physics is all wrong, but meh.
why tf be ashamed?
ah yes, but they are both "bad" they destroy 6 buildings, and wipe out credit card companies. taken from a different angle the bad guys win!
12 monkeys - edit, hah...

oh, and brazil while i'm listing terry gilliam films.
i dunno if anyone actually "wins" in seven :o
evil dead, easy rider: "you know, billy. we blew it."
did you provide health benefits?
there's an american remake which isn't as good, but is ok:
plus, at least one fundamentally decent person dies. his name was robert paulson.
[the ninth gate](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0142688/)
**spoilers** arlington road has a better (as in worse for the good guys) ending than just killing the good guy. it would be like he gets to do gruber's dirty work *and* gets blamed for the whole nakatomi plaza hostage situation.
some on the line movies for your consideration:

* layer cake - mr xxx is a drug dealer, and of course a bad guy, albeit a likeable one
* american history x - derek gets his life back, and is the bad guy throughout the film. but, his brother dies, and we'll never know if that act would have pushed him back the other way. the original ending saw the film finishing with derek re-shaving his head. wisely cut, imo, but still.
* revenge of the sith - palpatine wins
what's that line from?
kevin spacey's character got what he wanted, although i'd agree it's only winning in his fucked up, twisted worldview.
i knew i would hate that michael bay pos so i bought a ticket to a different movie, something with many palms i'm sure, and snuck in to see armageddon. sure live tyler was silky smooth as the leading lady, but you're right about the physics being all wrong. you could probably hear me rolling my eyes when i saw the rover vehicle had heavy duty machine guns mounted on it that were used to shoot their way out of the crash landed orbiter. good design job nasa! and somehow the manipulative bastards got me to choke up a little at the end. stoopid movie!  i'm a geddon too cynical for explosion pr0n.
a clockwork orange
the omega man?
uh... the bad guys don't really win. nor does the world end.
is that the sequel?
in death, a member of project mayhem has a name.
tank girl
i think you missed the point of watchmen.
don't they get rescued in shaun of the dead?
i'd say it's more of a mind fuck than a twist. i agree that it's an awesome movie.
did they show the vampires in the trailer? i was a big time film buff in college and robert rodrguez was a hero for el mariachi and desparado. i went to see this movie first day and remember that my jaw just dropped when salma hayek turns vampire. i doubt i would have gone for the movie without catching at least a few trailers, though maybe not cause this was around a time i didnt have cable.
&gt;ozymandias made it to number 29 on wizard's top 200 comic book characters list and also number 25 on the top 100 villains list.

from [wiki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ozymandias_(comics\))
most think he did die and that last scene is his unrealistic dying fantasy.
quarantine. everyone dies. zombies win.
ah ok, never thought of it like that.

to me it always felt like a happy ending imposed by the studio. still one of my favourite films, although i typically miss the last bit out because it really spoils it for me.
metal gear solid 4? am i right?

that's a game, by the way.
the player
he's number 25 because of the many people he killed. it could still easily be argued that he's not a real villain.
one of the few movies i've been to where people gasped and screamed in the theater.
you could argue that, but then who would the villain in the story be?

the consensus on wikipedia at least is pretty clear:

&gt;veidt displays a trait normally attributed to villains in superhero stories, and in a sense he is the "villain" of the series


i think michael cera is awesome, but in this case, his style of awkward acting seems forced and (i realize this is the point) out of place. it worked really well in arrested development, and i love him for that, but as an actor he's shown no depth, and should pick roles where this is not painfully obvious.
narc with ray liotta.

one simple fact about his character that is revealed late in the movie changes your entire perspective on the character and everything he has done through out the movie. a real "oh snap!" moment.
*hey i'm just kiddin bud, i didn't mean to hurt your feelins*

rarely do you get to see complete ownage like that
12 monkeys - the world both comes to an end and the bad guys win
despite all the tom cruise hate, and apparently being **46**, this is a role i love seeing him in.
i am legend

oh, no, wait... they hollywood-ed that one...
takashi miike's [dead or alive](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0221111/)'s finale is a dragonball-z -esque duel that ends in nuclear apocalypse.
planet of the apes
did hippie communes dress up in period costumes and pretend they lived 400 years in the past and kept that a secret to the children raised there?  even hippies aren't delusional enough to do that.  *no one's* delusional enough to do that, which is why it's a dumb twist.

uh, douchebag. 
american beauty, kind of... i wouldn't exactly say the "bad guy" wins but the protagonist sure as hell doesn't.
spoilers don't apply to a movie that's over a decade old.  sorry.
no, my contention is that the twist is utterly stupid because the evil mastermind's *whole plan* was to find this "unbreakable" guy but he had 1) no real idea that he (bruce willis) even existed, and 2) created disasters in the one city where he was at.  it's not about slj getting lucky, the plan was stupid to begin with.  it's called logic, look it up.
the new punisher movie. it's so delightfully terrible and hammy.
clearly we have a zombie sympathiser here. we'll have to watch this one when the outbreak occurs.
i love how he throws in the scene of the kids eating.
&gt; * one flew over the cuckoo's nest

really? it ends on a bittersweet note in the book, more on the uplifting side, so i wouldn't call it a "bad guy wins" ending.
&gt; they raped that one...

ftfy
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, due to the fact that i had to rewatch it to fully grasp every scene in it. what a beautiful piece of cinema. 
and it would have to be something where the protagonist puts together this complex scheme to get the bad guy, puts on body armor, walks in (like he did at the end of *die hard*) and the bad guy shoots him in the forehead in mid-sentence.
rewinding the lesbian bit does not count as rewatching the movie.
there aren't a lot of movies like that. in most of the movies listed on this page, the bad guys don't really win.
probably because at this point in time, it's pretty much impossible to see the film without knowing the twist first, since it has seeped so much into cultural conscious. at least, that was the case for me.
totally! and then cut immediately to the credits.

i'd love to see the audience react to that.
uh, ozy was the antagonist by just about every definition. and there are a number of movies where the "bad guy" had arguably altruistic motives, but we tend to reject "ends justify the means" devices. 

note that kodos the executioner in the star trek tos episode "the conscience of the king" made the logical decision (kill half the survivors so that the other half may live) but we reject that as horrifying. the writer interjected a "and the supply ship arrived a week later" to make it more blatantly evil, but imho that part wasn't necessary. 

in any movie where someone has to kill to save more lives, if they are cast as being torn about the decision, that person is going to be an anti-hero, but if they pursue the goal with determination then they are the antagonist or "bad guy."
requiem for a dream.
[oldboy](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0364569/)


also, slightly off topic since its a book and not a movie, but [house of leaves](http://www.amazon.com/house-leaves-mark-z-danielewski/dp/0375703764) is an amazing mindtwister. 
really?  what's the title? would like to see it....what made the argentinian movie so great was how the spaniard character is played; i cant say much cause don't want to spoil it for those who haven't seen it.  i wonder how that is made into the english movie version.
totally disagree about logan's run.  it has a redemptive, uplifting ending.

plus you get to see a young farrah in a tiny toga. :)
no thanks. i hate it when they change the lead actor in sequels.
cannibal holocaust ends on a sour note iirc
just watch dr. strangelove amazing movie.
the italian job always pissed me off. the "good" guy were such complete dicks. but for some reason movies with bad morals are ok if there are no tits or swearing. a good message though with boobs is evil.
the remake is called [criminal](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0362526/). the spaniard character is played as an innocent-looking illegal immigrant -- a "churro" -- against a middle-aged, arrogant, portly, slightly creepy caucasian. they tried to capture the same kind of double act as the original, but it doesn't quite work. the spaniard casting is fine. the caucasian character however is missing that thrill-seeker streak. he comes across as pathetic and unconvincing as a conman.
his name is robert paulson

(thanks for setting that up)
that was the mentally most challenging movie i've ever seen. also, it has always kept me from taking drugs (at least, most drugs). 
rocky
the mists ending went where few other movies go. 
descent

edit: sorry, i mean "the descent" :)
i only watched it the second time only because i wanted my wife to see it. her first reaction was to be upset with me for making her watch it (she lost her best friend to heroin), but after it sank in, it's now one of her favorite movies. 

however, i still have "the fountain" sitting on my shelf in the wrapper because i can't bring myself to watch it again.
toy story 2?
reality.
glitter
watch the final scene and look at the expression on his face when he dies.  i think maybe he does win.
ah but they were only dicks in the shitty mark wahlberg remake.  in the original michael caine classic they were lovable rogues.  being able to talk in a cockney accent makes all the difference.
[blue velvet](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090756/)

[eraserhead](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074486/)

[wild at heart](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100935/)

three david lynch classics.  eraserhead is....um.....well....*odd*.  

try also: 

[betty blue](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090563/)

[series 7](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0251031/)

[the fountain](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0414993/) - people either love or loathe this movie.  personally i think it's one of the best movies ever made.  

[harold and maude](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067185/)
transformers (and probably the 2nd as well)
resident evil apocalypse - dont tell anyone.
the vanishing. - the original vanishing not the hollywood crapfest.
yeah, that film got real crazy, real quick at the end.
best ending ever.
well it seems i was wrong, i don't see why the reddit crown downmodded me though.  

i head heard when this movie came out that tarantino and rodriguez shared the directing, one did the first half, another did the second half.  huh, must have just been rumors.  
yeah, but his mom dies, his dad, and even his best friend gets zombiefied.

granted shawn and zombie ed get to play video games still...so maybe we should call it a wash?
i was gonna post that...

damn you.  damn you to hell.
&gt;you could argue that, but then who would the villain in the story be?

human nature...just look at dr manhattan's point of view.
jaws...roy schneider is a shark murdering son of a whore.

that ending completely blew my mind. i never knew there was a fate worse than death. 
man i wish they had of gone with the book ending on that one... it would have been so much better... i dunno why hollywood thinks a dark ending isn't good. imo, it gets me more than an ending with rainbows and smiles. 
maybe i'm not remembering all of that movie, but i didn't feel that the bad guy won. i mean sure, almost everybody was killed, but the last chick made it out. imo, the very fact that one of them survived and got out means the good won.

again, i may not be remembering the entire ending??

on a side note, i really like that movie. it was nice to see some women actually kick some ass rather than cry and run around like a chicken with its head cut off.

edit: huh, i just read the wiki synopsis, clearly i must have been high when i watched the ending or something. i don't remember any of that haha  
the united states of america.
when i was in university we had this shitty video player that played everything in black and white. 

i've rarely been as confused in my life as when i sat down to watch a colourless memento. and i only realised why last year.

such a great film though.




however "good" ozymandias' intentions may have been, he still fulfilled his plan via genocide.  

secondly, historical evidence shows that genocide, no matter how traumatic it is, never brings about world peace.
good observation on this most unique and special harry potter.
yeah it was a good movie :) that's funny about how you forgot how it ended.
if not the most surprising, definitely one of the saddest.
the assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford.
i guess it's sort of given away in the title?
it ends bittersweet in the movie as well.  i loved the ending to the movie, i guess you could say that the "bad guy wins" but its more of a sad social commentary to the state of mental institutions back then.
well, there are two interpretations to the ending [spoilers duh]:

* the good one entails that he gives himself a clue so specific that he will not go after any more john g's.
* the bad one is that he doesn't record the fact of his killing, and knowingly continues to kill random john g's, preferring to be blissful, and not inform the future self. this ending is essentially chaos and murder winning. also, natalie's case is definitely that the bad guys won, because they successfully exploited the main character.
seriously, that was one unsettling ending. i've heard stephen king's novel ends differently, i plan to read it only to check out what happens in the end.
&gt; a few miles from civilization? no forest ranger would've spotted them after 20 years? they would'nt have seen a plane at some point?

if i remember right, it was explained that the original villagers bought that entire tract of land and fenced it in. they also ensured the airways above it were kept clear.

still implausible, but they did try to address the obvious problems.
don't know if this is necessarily a "twist", but it certainly threw me off in american beauty when chris cooper's character frank fitts tried to kiss lester burnham in the garage.  on a side note, does anyone have any g-13?
honestly i think its because the ending is such a great literary ending, but once you try to adapt it to film you start to realize that once an audience sees that they will just leave flummoxed and the movie will therefore take a hit at the box office.  
(total spoiler for those who haven't seen mist) 
now have you seen the [kitkat / ytmnd remix ending](http://oneshort.ytmnd.com/) to the mist? 
warning folks, there seem to be many spoilers in this thread, read at your own risk!
kinda like [soldier of the mist](http://dannyreviews.com/h/soldier_mist.html).
spoiler: the boat sinks.
nowadays: almost achievable. 
hmm... ouch yea, that is a spoiler. oh well.
the correct original ending / whatever is that the last character is driving out, looks in the rear-view to see a monster, and then realizes it's been a daze/dream, and she actually didn't get out anywhere, and gets murdered.
i always presumed that they will simply send another / more agents to the time prior to his discovery to actually find and defuse the issue, although i guess if the world does end, the actual-non-past-time reality ceases as well?
i've always heard that if the movie has been out for over ten years, you're not restricted from spoiling it. 

it's their fault for not seeing the fuckin' thing!
though i haven't seen cache, i'm aware of the twist in it.  similarly, i thought burn after reading, which i thought was going to be a "funny" coen brothers movie ala the big lebowski, had a similar sudden shift in tone (for similar reasons).
any time i feel like watching it again, i watch [this fan-made trailer](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukjpwfshes4) and i get over it. mind you, when you watch the movie you have this growing, gnawing unease over ninety minutes that just leaves you emotionally raw at the end. when you watch the video it's like a fucking soul gut-punch.
i agree.  i've never had a movie make me feel so wretched towards humanity.  i was watching this with my gf at the time and when the movie was over we just sat in stunned silence for a long time.
&gt; [one day after shooting, viggo mortensen went to a pub without washing off his tattoos or even changing out of his costume. he claims that some of the patrons became very frightened of him, assuming he was a real member of vory v zakone.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0765443/trivia)
dawn of the dead!!
that's a better name than 'lucky number slevin', imo, although spoiler alert?
[surveillance](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0409345/) has a big twist that i spotted early on. 

still enjoyed the movie though. it invites comparison with reservoir dogs. 
upvote for the use of -esque 
was his view really that messed up?  he got us to question our morals again, i would say he won.
yeah i know, i can't believe i don't remember that. i just remember her getting out and driving away in the car. i guess i'll have to watch it again lol
1956 version is even creepier.
funny games u.s. a thousand times! that movie is one of the best modern thrillers.
falling down
i'm pretty sure you missed the point of watchmen, melrose.  and who the fuck watches melrose anymore anyway?  
this, i believe. no problem. that was an amazing role.
because without drugs the movie would have been about a guy who did stuff.... stuff that wasn't related to drugs and nobody would have liked this 'edgy' movie.
oh no they did'int
so basically any horror movie that fits the same formula...? about everyone made in hollywood.
the fountain (also aronofsky)
it happens a couple of times in lexx, if you like bad tv.

edit: i like bad tv.  wouldn't want you to think i was criticizing lexx!
kiss me deadly
oh, oops.  i was thinking they all died in the bar... nevermind me.  :(
better yet: a movie without good guys/bad guys... basically your still asking for formula fiction which just tries to be edgy. most of the recomendations here aren't formula fiction.
thanks! i'll check it out.
thirded. i thought everyone liked it until i looked it up on imdb/rotten tomatoes.
shit, how the hell could i forget [coldfire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101599/)?!

this could be the greatest crap film in the history of crap films.
too many to name.
you're a dick.
fallen. 1998 thriller with denzel washington fighting a demon that takes over peoples body's. 
i would definitely watch jurassic park redubbed with that.
you just repeated your first statement and added an insult...way to argue your point.
synecdoche, new york?  if you think "the bad guy wins" in synecdoche then i assume you're implying that every man essentially loses in life just because their own death is inevitable.
*the day the earth caught fire* has an ambiguous ending, which i won't spoil for you.

i nominate *when worlds collide* for both the world ending and the bad guys winning. yeah, yeah, the designated bad guy dies. but notice that everyone who survives is american, white, beautiful, and straight--creepy 1950s dream come true.

i don't understand. 
upmod for the fountain
it was originally part of a trilogy but due to it's lackluster box office performance he decided to make other films. (signs, the village, etc.)

now that sequels and superheroes are da'shit there are talks of him returning to the 'unbreakable' universe and penning the remaining two after he's done with 'the last airbender".

personally, i think he's only gotten better as a director but his writing has gone to shit,('the happening', anyone?) so perhaps going back to a story he created before he decided to make his characters out run wind would be a pretty good decision. 
even though there's a good triumphs over evil finish on it, "the departed" ending really fucked with me. i felt so angry about that ending, but in a good way.
yeah...

**spoilers be below, argh!**

when clooney blew away pitt it completely took me off guard.
looks great, let's hope it will be.
i'ma have to go ahead and disagree.  while i can respect the stylized nature of the main characters and the violence of the film itself, i felt like it was seriously lacking when it came to... anything else...
my exact reaction to the twist at the end of the prestige "oh! that's really awesome....oh.... wait... ohmigawwwwd!"
thank you so much for remembering this movie. one of my all time faves.
you mean spoorloos. very disturbing ending.
i'm with you, it's one of my favorite "horror" films. 
i agree with reitoei, but this movie is too good not to upvote.
i think that's what kaufman implied, not snarkyturtle.
&gt;secondly, historical evidence shows that genocide, no matter how traumatic it is, never brings about world peace.

thats because the enemy was always local
i watched "the conversation" last night. who are the bad guys in that movie?
i was expecting this to blow and year one to be good, looks like roger ebert thought it to be the other way around. he gave year one 1 star.
you should definitely watch the fountain again, it just keeps getting better.
you speak of the american ending. the original/uk ending can be found on the dvd.
king's story ends before the movie ending. king approved the new ending and thought it was better then his and wished he had thought of it.
&gt; the original ending saw the film finishing with derek re-shaving his head.

they changed the ending? i know that movie went through editing room hell, to the point that the director refused to be acknowledged. i'd love to see how different a movie it would be if they actually let him edit the damn thing.
[glory (1989)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glory_(film\))
i realize that. but if i see a movie preview *i* think looks good, then i will see it. 

if you let people tell you what to see and eat, you might as well let people at abercrombie tell you what is *cool*
the third matrix was on an equal level of riddick-ulousness. buried the franchise.
i love bad john wayne movies. *the conqueror*. *big jim mclain*. his monogram/lone star b-westerns. but i'm not ashamed.

i'm semi-ashamed to admit that i love *star trek: the motion picture*. it improves each time i watch it because, more and more, i notice it's about the tremendous sense of absence when you're separated from your past: v'ger and its creator, decker and ilia, kirk and the enterprise, spock and kirk, spock and his emotions. personality, color, music, and humor are absent.

no one said it had to be at the end.
i was lucky enough to miss the first ten minutes the first time i saw it. i'm not being the usual jerk who claims they'd have seen it coming, but i definitely think missing him being shot at the start amplified the twist a hundred times for me.
* rv (don't know what other people think about this movie i think i like it coz i am a huge robin williams fan)

* jingle all the way (i totally adore this movie)

* america's sweethearts

* what women want

* cheaper by the dozen 1 &amp; 2

* the pacifier (vin diesel's comedic turn)



there are probably more.

yes, spooloos is dutch for vanishing.  
lord of war

gomorra (fuck that was a depressing ending)

there will be blood

how to get ahead in advertising


wow, what a surprise. *did not* see that coming!
i agree in his twisted way he won but ahhh, serial killer murdering people to prove a point? yes, that is messed up. sorry, no gray area here.
**spoiler:** but they survive in 28 days later, and all the zombies die. 
desperately looking forward to the comeback of hindi movies after the 2 month hiatus. not really looking forward to this one though, more excited about new york which releases next week.
hannibal
yes
i sure as fuck don't. it's the name of my dorm -_-
elephant. its a independent film about columbine. i think i spelled that correctly.
not quite  - remember *the whole point* of the exercise was to retrieve information about the virus and cole led them to the *source* from *before* it mutated - seems to me they were all geared up at the end of that film to get the miracle cure they needed to "get back on top"

i guess the world does kinda end at the end of the movie, tho strictly speaking the world ended *before* the beginning of the movie an everything we watched was in the past...
the people believed it was a alien/dr.manhattan attack. i'm sure those things could lead to world peace. 
*the fountain* is genius.
yeah.  once they changed the 'vampires' into basically frothing animal zombie things or whatever those were supposed to be, the book ending became basically impossible.
arlington road
that one blew me away the first time i saw it. 
i would pay to see that
uh, first of all you need to understand the difference between an antagonist and a villain.
you can't have a post that links to an article and put that header text at the top - that's only for self posts, it's an either/or thing!

your link only links to these comments...
swordfish?
rpg + black irish man doing flips on rooftop = comedy genius.. i mean badass action
king liked the movie ending better, as well, saying:  *frank wrote a new ending that i loved. it is the most shocking ending ever and there should be a law passed stating that anybody who reveals the last 5 minutes of this film should be hung from their neck until dead.*
erm... the point was not that the past can be prevented, but that the future can be saved.  hence, the good guys technically won.
fuckin' cat.
your username, oh the irony!
pretty sure you did actually
the wicker man
spoiler - layer cake. mr xxx may have been bad but have you actually seen the very end of the film? not sure that is win.
no, you did!
but at least it didn;t resort to *textiles*.  urgh.
butch cassidy?
no, he meant *without* being retarded.
[original script](http://sfy.ru/sfy.html?script=american_history_x)
i always assumed it was the latter. why else would he burn the evidence?
i upmodded you, but after seeing the movie, i deny its existence. 
see: branch davidians (nb: with the exception of wanting to avoid violence)
agreed i think at least 2 viewings are necessary to drink it all in.
dallas.
saw
i think you mean nemo.  and you're right - he was the one they were trying to find.
existenz.
that one can be pretty much answered by the events of september 11th.  even though it wasn't mass genocide there was solidarity from other nations immediately after the attacks.  but shortly after, mostly caused by blunders from president gwb, most foreign relations went back to being the same.
if you like heist flicks you should check out the tv show [hustle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hustle_(tv_series)) - at least seasons 1-3.
i don't know about you guys but i always wanted the empire to win. damn you luke!
i don't think anyone really "wins" in oldboy. they both get their revenge, in incredibly pyrrhic ways.
well that would explain it. it was an on demand movie on cable... cause honestly i really don't remember that extra bit on the end. i'll have to rent it now. thanks. 
the question is, was he really the bad guy? didn't he stop a nuclear war and save the world? that's why i disagree at least.
wow.  your list actually made me shiver.
**last man on earth** with vincent price - the original omega man.
[sleepaway camp](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uidgcifwu4s/). also has the most shock ending of all time, though it's not entirely relevant to the plot. 
anton chigurh. what a great movie.
my memory might be failing me, but doesn't the movie leave it open ended by having 2 + 2 = ? while the book has a very definite 2 + 2 = 5? 
i almost included oldboy. 

i didn't, because i seem to be the only one who got the impression that **(spoilers)** the hypnosis at the end didn't work. in which case the hypnosis *did* work, everything turns out semi-alright--albeit sans tongue and avec daughter-fucking.


easy rider.

i was surprised.
[carnosaur](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106521/)

check out that rating; i dare you fools to watch it.
"the chaser" is a korean movie that is great, and the end will have you making difficult moral decisions.

highly recommended.
not everyone agrees with utilitarianism.
*testament* from the 80's.
titan ae
i think maybe that's the point of the movie.
i watched it again recently and i think it was ahead of its time with the implied post-climate change setting.  the things that really grated with me on re-watching were:

* the swooping and soaring orchestral score
* dennis hopper hamming it up as the bad guy
* the generally slapstick carrying-ons of the "baddies"

however, i still really liked it - the shame!
the original book is probably the most depressing thing i've ever read.
ah! the desired effect then.
i read an interview with the screenwriter describing the end as triumphing liberal, left-wing values. as far as i can tell, the opposite is true. 




vs gurl unq fgnlrq jvgu gur penml evtug-jvat ovoyr guhzcre va gur fgber, gurl'q unir orra fnirq. orpnhfr gurl gbbx gurve bja vavgvngvir naq qvq abg unir snvgu va gur tbireazrag be nal bgure nhgubevgl, abg bayl qvq gurl qvr ohg gur qvrq fcrpvsvpnyyl ng gur unaqf bs gur serr-guvaxvat vagryyrpghny. ubj vf gung bx?!?!?!!? ///i hate that ending
phantom menace
usual suspects
only if it turned out that charlton heston's character had aids.
[dead man](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dead_man) might tickle your fancy. i don't like it as much as most people, but it's definitely cool. directed by jim jarmusch, with johnny depp, crispin glover, michael wincott (top dollar from *the crow*), billy bob thornton, iggy pop, etc.
shane

butch cassidy and the sundance kid

last samurai

awesome. the ending was epic.
yeah, hustle was pretty good, and i also have a bit of a soft spot for leverage, also known as the only tv show to portray a hacker as something other than white, overweight and nerdy.
battlefield earth.
definitely one of the best, grimmest post-apocalypse movies ever.
now it won't happen, thanks to you.
southland tales
gimme a break...
i just watched oldboy last week.   what a horribly awesome movie.

just make sure to watch it with korean audio and english subtitles.  
[fail-safe](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fail-safe_(1964_film\))*.  truly fucked up. 

*careful, huge spoilers.
you beat me to the punch, so an upvote for you!
still have a tshirt!
i had a buddy in college that had to sign a form that said it was okay for them to watch "requiem for a dream". it was for a drug addiction psychology course apparently the teacher thought it was the most accurate portrayal of the effects of addiction on the mind. 
deep blue sea.  samuel l jackson eaten by a shark.  brilliant.
david cronenberg's [spider](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0278731/) is probably right up your alley. starring ralph fiennes (*strange days*, *sunshine*).
scarface, if you consider tony montana as a good guy and the bolivians as bad?
just because donald rumsfeld said it wasn't torture didn't mean it wasn't.
* independence day (a mac pwns an alien civilization? still fun to watch.)
* tank girl (campy, cheezy, huge song routine, totally fun)

he postponed nuclear war.  remember, rorschachs journal will be published at the end and it may well all come crashing down.
still then, if everybody "loses" how can a single man's "loss" be considered anything bad, per se?
farside did a comic bout the same thing but it was with dogs. 
interesting. if we all lose, then it's not all that bad? fate is the only winner? we will never realize our full potentials, so... too bad for us. then why try?
i'm just going to say this... i'm sure i'll catch some flak...

i thought the fountain was more than a little pretentious... and over-ambitious in a not-good way.

i didn't think it was all that complex of a story (as many posit), and i thought aronofsky kinda hit us over the head with mixed metaphor and muddled symbolism... only to deliver a coup de gras of head-bashing about the faustian main theme of the story. it creates an illusion of depth where really none exists.

while hugh jackman did a fine job as an actor, the character(s) and the plot(s) just. plain. sucked... weisz's character is completely pointless 

aronofsky makes this big question movie and then has the gall to provide us with the big answer... tied up in a bow of stretched-way-too-thin symbolism, infantile metaphysics, and spectacular special effects.  

aronofsky cultists (among which i generally count myself) eat your heart out... but this is definitely the worst of his work. i believe he really thought he was making a masterpiece (and i don't doubt many agree)... it just... wasn't very good... the movie is an allegory against the selfsame hubris that aronofsky succumbed to in creating it (if that artistic irony was the point, than indeed, it was a masterpiece)... 
i don't think "edgy" means what you think it does.
just a thought, but shouldn't this whole thread have a spoiler warning?
...that difference being?
drag me to hell.  what you didn't see it yet?

no, that's because rorshach kept a fuckin journal and sent it to the press.
fox news  


honestly, if you think of it as a comedy, it's brilliant.
start doing as i do, turn it off once he drives off the bridge.
no, she dreams that gets out and starts driving away then sees a ghost of her friend in the passenger seat. then she wakes up in the cave and hallucinates her daughter and a birthday cake as the monsters crowd around them. her mind is completely broken and she is about to die, but the film doesn't show it.
my friend was telling me there was a sequel to the matrix but i'm sure he's lying.
king pin.

dodgeball was supposed to, but they had to change it. i like the way it was supposed to end, with steve the pirate swinging in with treasure from treasure island...
quote from roger ebert:

&gt;he [jack black] forgets to act and simply announces his lines.

quote from hollywood reporter:

&gt;black does his jack black thing well enough, but the results are by now unfortunately predictable.

people are *just now* figuring this out?
...but the computer dies, hal.
w. by oliver stone
infernal affairs
what bad guy wins in the dark knight? the joker's plan fails and harvey dent is prevented from killing gordon's family.
upvoted for an awesome and very underrated movie.

gene hackman at his finest.
i believe it was never filmed, but was in one of the original drafts.
you ask your question and i shall answer [videodrome](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086541/) a million times.
while it wasn't mind-blowingly epic in the reveal, equilibrium had me going "woah" a  bit at the end.
la jatée (what 12 monkeys is 'based on') also ends with the bad guys winning or at least the main character dying. 
yeah, if anything that movie rehashed like 15 other movies i saw over the yea-

heywaitaminute!
of course; but he doesn't die. the author of the original book, j.j. connolly, has been [working on the sequel](http://www.cinecon.com/news.php?id=0505112) for some time, with most of the major (living) characters returning. it's set in the caribbean.

there's an alternative ending on the dvd too, where he drives off, unscathed. the part in the film where he gets shot was a last-minute decision, i believe.

if you haven't read the book, i highly recommend it. it has a lot more detail and fleshes out some of the scenes really well. different ending to the film, too.
it's pretty damn uncommon. return of the jedi, mad max beyond thunderdome and braddock: mia 3 come to mind. 

taste may fluctuate by genre there, but if someone liked any chuck movie, mia 3 was probably one of the best he ever did. 

the last lord of the rings (rotk) was good too. 
chuck palenuik didn't actually intend for that to be a twist in fight club. *spoilers* the narrator and tyler were supposed to be 2 different people. it was only after he'd written half the book he realised that they were so close they could be the same person and changed the ending.
spoilers
return of the king.

i have to agree. funny games felt painfully pointless to watch. it wasn't even fun in a messed up way. it just felt like it was trying too hard, or something.
nothing ever really ends, fullautonick.
pulp fiction, depending on who you think the bad guy is.
i kinda liked the idea of him getting shot, though.
escape from la, when snake sends civilization back to the stone age with the push of a button.
agreed. such an underrated movie.
i wonder if there is a wikipieda entry for things like this.

anyway nobody has mentioned:

- eden lake

(edited because somebody did mention the other two movies i listed)
dawn of the dead 
night of the living dead 
cabin fever 

he's cured in the end, did you not watch it all? the whole bit with the naked woman and him smiling..
this comment *really* should be at the top of the page.
yeah, no idea why you're being downvoted. maevesuave is very wrong.

   there was an alternate ending where jim dies in 28 days later, but it wasn't in the original cut and the other two characters still would have been rescued. either way, the heroes prevail and the zombies starve to death. 

and although they hint at more widespread infection at the end of 28 weeks later, the two children do survive (despite andy being a carrier).

i'd say it's flat out wrong to say 28 days later ends unhappily and a stretch to say 28 weeks does.
that shot in the elevator frickin' *hurt*.  i was like wtf!
iswydt.
he shoots, he scores!
well, as said, he was a drug dealer, and technically a villain. i agree it ended quite well, especially as he'd just made the remark about 'you'd be as clever as me' when pressed to reveal his name.

that said, i love the book and the movie and look forward to the sequel.
&gt;the future that movie paints is so incredibly bleak, you wonder through the whole thing why anyone bothers trying to save humanity/lone-pregnant-woman.


do you even understand what the word "dystopian" means?
dark star

on the other hand, i felt that the dialogue really made the movie. i always like talky movies, but a scanner darkly delivered satisfactorily. it was fantastic from start to finish, and the rotoscoping was perfect if you read the book and the atmosphere dick tried to create.
super mario brothers (it could have been worse...)

street fighter (raul julia was freaking awesome!)

resident evil (all 3 actually)

double dragon (noticing a theme? yeah it sucked, but i'll he damned if i don't watch it every time it comes on tv).

i know there are probably others, but i cannot think of them. despite the theme above, i hated mortal kombat annihilation. the first was awesome, i even have the sound track.
some of my relationships  with evil ex-girlfriends.
fight club, but only if you consider tyler the bad guy. *disagrees with this view, but it is the most commonly accepted*
there are no sequels.  none.

*ahem.*
what, no pictures?
terminator 3 as a whole sucked, but i thought the ending after the missiles were fired was the best scene in the entire franchise. 
"cured". i think the lines between good and bad are intentionally a bit blurred in that one.
&gt; where the fuck is me pot of gold?!
a fistful of dollars
this looks freaking awesome!!!!!!!!!!
you're scaring me wayne!
ditto.
&gt;the rotoscoping is pretty neat, though...

yeah, but it's lost its novelty now that it's used in charles schwab ads.
any war movie if your country was on the losing end.
brazil original ending [spoiler](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlynm-gi_mk)
no country for old men
this is exactly how i envisioned z-day: one-big-van-halen-themed-party!
[memento spoilers]

it depends on what you consider to be the "end" of the movie.  since the beginning of the movie is really the last thing to happen chronologically, you could say that the "bad guy" (the cop) gets his.
i looked this up on imdb and this was the main review:

&gt;i do not know how to sum this movie up in this review, and to try to would be an injustice to darren aronofsky's genius. so i will just state the facts. i saw this film at the chicago international film festival. i was blown away. this movie is so original and so breath taking. there is only one word that i can use to describe it: beautiful. darren aronofsky is a genius and the greatest film-maker of our time. he is a visionary, and one of the greatest script writers. hugh jackman's performance ranks among the greatest male screen performances in cinema history. rachel weisv is amazing, as is ellen burnstyn, and sean patrick thomas. clint mansell teams up with the kronos quartet and the scottish rock band mogwai to bring us some of the most beautiful and epic music i have ever heard. matthew libatique's cinematography is breath taking. it is so simple, yet so effective and so amazing. jay robinowitz deserves special mention here because the movie is so well put together it flows, and as an editor myself, i can understand how hard that must have been. the three time lines weave in and out of each other flawlessly. this movie is so good i need to see it again in order to catch all of it, but this taste will be enough to sustain me for another month, when i will surely see it four or five times. this movie is about themes bigger than you can possibly imagine, and it will take some thinking, and it is genius. in my opinion, the best movie i have ever seen. 

isn't it odd how two people can see the same movie and have two *totally* opposite opinions on it?
bambi
i fucking loved this movie. it may be my most favorite role john goodman has played, aside from fred flintstone.
lord of war is really underappreciated.  nicholas cage is actually decent in it, too.
aah!  somebody remembered this movie and wrote a parody of it!  &lt;/robotchicken&gt;
how so?  the couple who robbed the diner are let off the hook, but they don't *win* by any means.  and if you consider jules and vincent to be bad guys, jules ends his life of crime and vincent is shot and killed.
twilight. in the end, we all lose. 
hitchhikers guide to the galaxy. "the adventure doesn't begin, until the world ends."
odesu (sp?) gets his revenge in the end by sacrificing himself. 
that's an interesting reading.
upvoted for awesome cryptography skills[!](http://www.rot13.com/)
well, there's also a happy ending version of brazil.
time bandits.  the kid comes home, his parents and house explode and he is left alone on the rubble of a doorstep.  wtf
that, or history.
in the company of men

broadcast news

chinatown


i just got annoyed by no one ever facing him when they talked to him.  the whole movie sounded like monologues except for him and boy.  so, yeah, i figured it out.  it helped that i saw it the second week and new there was a twist in the movie.
you may like the christian version, though i'm sure it's all special-effects.
i hadn't heard anything about the movie, but recognized spacey's voice as soze at the start.  my friend who had seen the movie gave me a weird look when i mentioned it.  
really?  at the end of the movie, the guy with the virus ends up sitting on the plane next to the woman who sent cole back.  she introduces herself to him and says she's in insurance.  from this, i gather she's going to finish the job that cole couldn't.

so at least they will stop him from releasing the virus in the other cities around the world that he planned to.  although they should just be able to send somebody else back to the airport, too.  or earlier.  in fact, she's probably on the plane just to make sure he's the right guy, at which point they'll send some beefy guy with a russian accent back to kill virus-guy's mom...
to avoid being arrested himself maybe? though he really should have gotten a tattoo to remind him that the deal is done.
the f/x are good, but it's just every hollywood disaster movie ever made otherwise. kusak and his movie daughter will somehow survive, we can be sure. there's probably a seperated and divorce wanting wife who needs saving also, despite the fact that the fateful date was supposed to be his day with the kid.

the cathedral dome rolling over all those faithful at the one minute mark was a nice touch though.
&gt; well it seems i was wrong, i don't see why the reddit crown downmodded me though.


you did sound pretty sure of yourself :)
are there really people who watched dubbed movies if a subtitled version is available?
after a while, it's going to run thick with agents in the past.
escape from la!
just curious, anyone of them that you find particularly painful? (and why :)
i thought the typical anime style ending was you get your memory back and the guy helping this whole time is actually the ultimate enemy, upon defeating him you will fall in the love with the most significant female character.
yeah, but if you watch it backwards, he's the st. francis of sharks.
maybe i sounded too hard on it... if this review would give it a 9 or 10, my actual opinion of it is closer to a 4 or a 5 than a 1 or a 2. had aronofsky toned down the end just a smidge, and not been so obnoxious with the overdone symbolism i would be willing to cede it another star or two.

i just feel obliged to point out the negatives because everyone i hear talking about the movie seems to gush... (like this dude) while failing to mention the clear weaknesses of the movie.

it was beautiful to watch and listen to, the acting is good (if the characters weak), and the story wasn't unwatchably atrocious ... just plain bad.

though this:
&gt; this movie is about themes bigger than you can possibly imagine 
 
is laughable.

i'm surprised by how overwhelmingly positive imdb voters rated this movie... i would expect at least a little more variety.. pretty 10-heavy.

yeah george lucas totally won and went laughing all the way to the bank on this one.
das boot.  not that i consider the allied victory a case of the bad guys winning, but spoiler alert the protagonist does suffer an ignoble death at the end.
the final chapter of the book, which was omitted from the original american publishing, has alex once again being redeemed.
yeah, that was a sleeper that i caught much later, and was happily surprised at how good it was.
deathnote.
i'm the leprechaun! i'm the leprechaun! i'm the leprechaun! i'm the leprechaun! i'm the leprechaun! 
just a hunch, but 2012 looks like it could be on this list.
das boot
oldboy was one of the few dubbed movies where i really enjoyed the work and attention put into it. 
i generally am all about subtitles over dubs, but this one is so effective that it worked for me. 
remember that when rorschach dropped his journal off they didn't have any clear idea of what was going on. plus he's a nut.
i really hated that ending, not because it was so dark, but because it seemed too sudden and not at all a last resort. the almost instant appearance of help not a minute after the gunshots doesn't help it seem even more rash and stupid. 
time is on my side. yes it is!
not only did this movie suck it ruined a good song for me
i am very excited about this movie, it looks like it's going to be a great exploration into the human relationship between space and loneliness. 
oh yeah, this will be one bad movie.
downmod for the fountain
watchmen
i guess it all becomes a question of whether or not art transcends life, and thereby it's creation is a reason enough to live.

(if you want my full impressions from when i first saw it, you can find them at http://cfilmc.wordpress.com/2009/02/22/synecdoche-new-york/)
enough, with j-lo.

amazing unintentional comedy.
i just want to verify - does ebert use a four star system or a five star system?
4 star.
305 comments and *nobody* mentions seven? come on people!
just curious, rockwell seems to have something of a *cult star* image, anything else which he has been good in? (no lmgtfys please, i saw his imdb page but i don't wanna look up each movie he's done).
exactly, that's what i've been trying to say about that movie forever
that's the first one i thought of too.
only this person doesn't really have points, just adjectives, beautiful
i guess you didn't see the twilight zone episode it ripped off then.
[the international](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0963178/)
last night 
agreed
end of evangelion, everyone turns into tang
yes, there are retarded people who don't like to read during a movie. i personally hate dubbed movies.
it's still a solid movie, but it's completely different from the book. the whole point of the story changes.
yes! i would suggest seeing him in confessions of a dangerous mind the performance in that movie is great. although not very popular i did enjoy choke
audition - if you believe he wasn't dreaming.
jeez, i wish this movie was opening near me sometime soon. i have to wait until the middle of july before it opens near me and then still it is going to be a two hour trip to get there.
ditto.
oh, the movie.
i am a bit ashamed to admit it, but that was one of the funniest things i've seen in a while.  brightened up a bad day.
zathura, though god knows why i enjoy it.
ice princess. but she loves physics!
i wouldn't quite say the bad guy one in one flew over. at least the chief found freedom.
cool - i haven't really seen the movie :d - my roomate just talked about it.
hot rod with adam samburg
as opposed to the celestial body?
upvoted for truth. gary larson did.
i guess we'll have to wait for the sequel to find out.
i think that spacey was not really a big name actor at that point.  looking at his filmography, the usual suspects came out only a year before and while swimming with sharks is a great movie, i only heard of it a few years ago.  even with his great performance in suspects, i don't think very many average moviegoers would have recognized his name (or even his face).
el laberinto del fauno - "pan's labyrinth"
seriously.  this is the lawyer movie i tell people to see even if they hate lawyer movies.  norton is a genius.
yeah, i like to think that they cashed in on the fact that the movie was done as sortof a cheap, b-movie, and that they want you to think that it's being heavy handed.  i mean when i saw it, and they show the guy you're supposed to think is the killer, before they even made any mention of anything i was like "that's the guy right there.  end of story."  and felt both vindicated and disappointed that i was right.  and then comes the ending and i was like what!
i don't remember one moment of this movie, but i rated it 4 stars on netflix.  maybe i should watch it again.
barbarella.  damn, jane fonda was hot back then!
christian bale for the upvote. (especially since he was in american psycho right after this movie. you should watch both just to see the difference in cb!) also, *ahem*, american psycho.
great movie. i loved rooting for michael douglas' character even though his demise was inevitable. reminds me of
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marvin_heemeyer
dead or alive


http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0398913/
"gene hackman is a surveillance expert obsessed with his privacy."

isn't will smith in that movie as well?
sorry, it was written by philip k dick, even though the movie wasn't great, i really liked the concept.
i don't know, i sort of agree with him.  it's a movie that i try to show people who haven't seen it, but i always end up finding the movie quite boring up until the end.
friday night lights
as an asian, i love to stare at my gay friends and say "ass to ass" :)
in the immortal words of darth vader himself:

"noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
what a great ending on that one too.
your view's not as minority as you seem to think it is, many have attacked it for the same reasons you give. personally i think it's a brilliant film and don't find it pretentious, what specifically is pretentious in it? do you mean it's over ambitious?

it's a watchable film about the materialist acceptance of death, had it not used metaphor i think it'd be darker than requiem for a dream. what other films have addressed this? i don't know why you attack his answer- the character achieves self-realisation by accepting his death rather than fighting it.

i'd wager you're religious as this seems to be the usual source of dislike for the film, it doesn't connect for believers because your ideas about death are very different and this is an atheistic film.
every now knows the end of every movie that is listed here.
"someday i will die. this laptop i'm using is patient and can wait."

man, that line gave me chills.  i think i'll go smash a computer now to feel better about life.
importantly to burgess, he redeemed himself on his own volition.
i was refering to ozymandias's intentions rather than the result. if the world had an unified alien race to contend with, we'd focus our hate on them rather then each other.
you should see matchstick men and welcome to collinwood.
it's not a "novel", it's a short story and only about ninety pages. the film was great because it follows the novella pretty much note-for-note. the stuff with miss carmondy was played up for dramatic purposes and the ending was lengthened. the novella ends with the characters driving south, following a radio transmission, but running low on supplies and after seeing the "enormous creature" cross the road, all secretly doubting that the mist ever ends.

the film... keeps going, at least a little further, and leaves nothing to the imagination. the novella ends with a vague, small hope, but the film crushes your soul. i've watched it a couple times with different people. they've all gotten nervous right before the end, and one woman actually yelled out, "they're not gonna *do* that!" they did.

(if i haven't given myself away, yet, i'm a huge stephen king nut. and frank darabont has depicted his stories on the silver screen *perfectly*, twice now. but the fact that mr. darabont is "off the table" for the *dark tower* adaptation worries me, even if j.j abrams is the second-best choice.)
i'm keeping an eye on *you*, you commie goon.
this! i felt miserable for days after watching elephant. also, it's more inspired by columbine than actually being about it. sorry if that seems pedantic, but i think it's an important distinction. if i remember correctly it was originally going to be based on columbine but eventually took on a life of its own.
yeah, but what happens *afterwords* pretty good, in a soul-crushing, thought-provoking way. having to live the rest of his days, reenacting his murder of a man he so greatly admired in front of an audience thousands of times, being branding a coward and having people curse his name, and everybody mourning jesse's passing and ignoring his own.
**spoiler:** it's the dream of a dead girl. or not.
you got it all wrong. rorschach is the bad guy. ozy is the good guy. the good guy wins. 
andy samberg... you're like one of those old people, "that adam samburg whippersnapper..."
best movie ever about a time when the bad guy almost dies.
i always assumed that it was a nice coincidence - all the years later, and she has no idea that she sat next to him right when it happened. to me, it was a form of irony.

i never saw your viewpoint before, but i think that makes a lot of sense too, and is very interesting.
i feel sorry for the person who had to sit down and edit all of that

you nailed it. that's a perfect review of the fountain. 
i thought about mentioning that one too (but couldn't remember the name). i think it is 'jetée' or 'jettée', though.
i've read it, but the i was referring to the movie.
failure 
the fountain is all style over substance. it's one of the most beautiful films ever made, but also one of the dumbest. 

some people are easily swayed by pretty pictures. 
interesting point...sort of like we have to imagine that they save the world later

i remember seeing it in the theater all those years ago, and thinking "finally, the bad guys win, for once!". i should watch it again, maybe i will have a different interpretation.
yeah, want a *good* movie about death? the straight story. probably the best ever made. 
it does pose a lot of causality issues. i am inclined to think that you can't change the past, so they can't "save" the world, only recover it from their present, onward
*springtime for hitler*. i know it's technically a play withing a film, but still...
all these comments and noone's mentioned "the thing"?

the ending they used is bleak. the ending carpenter originally wanted was even bleaker.

(spoilers)

in the end, mcready and childs are the last two left. they know they're going to freeze to death and decide to do it together with a bottle of scotch.

the end that was shown to test audiences who hated it was the same, except that there is a tacked on final scene of a dog running across the snow. the implication being that all of our heroes are dead, just the same, but now instead of wondering if they died in vain, we know they died in vain and that the human race is in dire danger.

one final note, if you consider the video game canon ... the video game implies strongly that mcready was a thing when he sat down with childs. underrated game. i've never felt so cold playing a game.
easy fucking rider. now that's a movie. 
the notebook
i don't agree. taken literally, the ending where he lives is very powerful. there is a sense that he accomplished nothing. if he died, he has at least succeeded in suicide. 
teenage mutant ninja turtles (from the '90s)
yeah.  alex wins.  ergo, the "bad guy" wins.  while the minister of the interior is clearly a pretty evil guy (who also "wins" in the end), he's got nothing on alex.

further, probably the the only good people in that movie, the writer and alex's parents, both lose, whether that means being confined to an asylum or having to live with alex again.
good one...
[the original french movie is here on youtube for your viewing pleasure.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rvmjan17q8)

oh, and it's _la jetée_.
behold, a new level of awesomeness.
valkrie
jeffrey dean morgan. what a great movie.
the "crazy" woman was right. as soon as the woman and child were killed, help came.
am i the only one who reallywants to participate in this thread but is scared to death of spoilers, so he's got his eyes closed right now as he types?

btw, this reminds me of the time i got mad at a friend for telling me that the good guys win at the end of independence day. he makes fun of me for it, claiming that the good guys always win. i told him he just doesn't watch enough good movies.

but, of course, he was right in the context of independence day. i mean...honestly...since when does will smith die at the end?
oh **** that's an awesome way to think about it.
now that is an interesting answer. i haven't read the graphic novel but i have seen the movie. in watchmen, the bad guys are actually the good guys. and the world doesn't end, far from it, it becomes united. 

now that is an interesting answer. i haven't read the graphic novel but i have seen the movie. in watchmen, the bad guys are actually the good guys. and the world doesn't end, far from it, it becomes united. 

300!
they left out the dance scene from 1941.
sorry about the 28 days later; my recollection is warped, apparently, by that damn alternate ending. 

but 28 weeks? no. the end was one of the most brutal i can remember in *any* film. the children live? so what? the infection is in france, mainland europe. you think britain getting wiped was bad? how about a massive zombie tidal wave washing over 60% of the inhabited world? maybe they could spare africa at the straights, but *christ.* that single hint carried a lot of weight.
nah, there's a coda where the spartans come back with a huge army. don't think this counts.
time is on my side...!
drag me to hell.  
it can be argued that the bitch got what she deserved, but i believe the old, disgusting, disease-ridden gypsy was the antagonist.
only if you watch the original cut, before they added that crap with the fbi. 

"what do you know, there was a truck accident outside and it was full of those pods. that guy was telling the truth after all!"
but be careful, he might send you a c&amp;d for referencing that comic here.
&gt;it's a watchable film about the materialist acceptance of death...what other films have addressed this? 

bergman's "the seventh seal" comes to mind ... if we want to talk about genuine masterpieces. 

it's not the answer itself ... it's the pretension that it is a profound answer. "instead of fearing death we ought love life." or "the only way to conquer death is to live while you're alive."

thanks, confucius... 

i'm not religious... but i do like to think that if an artist ventures to grasp at a subtlety he ought to do so subtly.

it was a beautiful film, to be sure, but what should have been toyed with was shoved in our face for an hour and a half. there was genuine opportunity to really explore the human condition, and instead we get one dimensional characters (really **a** one dimensional character reflected twice over and a background of uninteresting support characters) plopped on a very planar plot.

frankly, i thought aronofsky's "pi" took a look at essentially the same theme (in the broadest sense) in a much better-constructed piece of storytelling and use of cinema.
some great films there, but i find one flew over the cuckoo's nest really painful to watch. i really do like it, just so very sad in places.
yeah really. :-(
i know a few people who either won't watch subtitled movies in general, or just prefer the dub. i find it very odd (especially seeing as the dubbed voices are rarely anywhere near as good, and (particularly in the case of animated movies - akira comes to mind) rather over the top.
&gt; it can be argued that the bitch got what she deserved...

has anyone really taken that stance? an eternity of torment over denying a third extension on a mortgage? 
* drumline- terrible, but one-of-a-kind
* air force one- get off my plane
* basic- i loved it, it just pissed everyone else off.
* deep impact and armageddon- loved em both
* starship troopers- just amazing. this was one movie i *really* wanted to see as a kid and when i saw it as an adult, it didn't disappoint at all.
* i heart huckabees- i don't feel like it's bad at all! but it had ridiculous production difficulties and every time i bring it up on reddit people groan.
* dreamcatcher- 'youre not jonesy...' 'evilgrin'
reminds me of axiomatic (greg egan) somehow.
that's a little disappointing. i always thought that stephen king novels and movies had a habit of ending really badly (it comes to mind - the ending seems a bit of a letdown. the shawshank redemption is an exception thought, and one of my favourite films). i thought the ending to the mist was really well done and i was pleasantly surprised. from what i can gather the ending in the original novella wasn't anywhere near as strong.
you know, i actually got surprised by this ending when i saw it as a kid, but it was more the scene where she turns the mother around and *omg it's a body.*

when they actually explained the ending it was kind of 'meh'
the butterfly effect
it was just the shower scene for me. hell, i had seen the ending parodied on rocko's modern life and i still didn't make the connection that it was the ending to psycho.
i agree, but for a different reason.  this will push back j.j. abrams work on the "dark tower" movie series.
probably romero's whole "of the dead" series. except maybe the original dawn?
sorta like in indiana jones where in the script he was supposed to sword fight that guy, which there was a lot of training for, but in the end harrison ford improvised and just shot the dude, which was much better.
why on earth would you be embarassed?? that was one of the best moments of my life. 

the people who brag that they saw it coming are just mad that they didn't.
never go full retard.
must've been pretty angry because the article didn't even dare to mention her.
worst movie i saw that year. i dont even remember the ending i was so pissed off by the end.

i just remember at the very end bruce willis suddenly showed up pointing a gun at someone and everyone in the theater giggled. i dont think it was supposed to be funny...
'they're the same person!' usually winds up being a pretty retarded twist, but it depends on how the film is shot. i felt that way about fight club the first time, and i still say the movie only goes downhill from the beginning edward norton narration.
what's the twist?
some spoilers:

* a clockwork orange (like the book's ending better)
* there will be blood
* the empire strikes back
* fight club (arguably, durden did succeed with his whole plan with project mayhem... but was he a bad guy?)
* the seven samurai
* w
* the departed (arguably, dicaprio definitely loses, but then again he does get the evidence out and wallberg caps damon...)
* 300
* godfather
* pulp fiction (for the most part)
* rocky i (balboa loses)
* mp and the holy grail
* 12 monkeys (maybe... they did stop the virus and presumably the child version of willis would not have to be sent back in time, but adult willis still dies... but he witnessed his own death as a child so the virus must have still got out this time loop?)
* hard candy
* primer (kinda)
* battle royale (just about everyone dies)

that's all i can think of right now.
it took me by surprise as well. that doesn't mean it was a good ending, or an 'interesting twist.'

besides, that so-called film was a video game. there was a spider level and a tentacle level and that level with the boss...
stephen king also disliked the shining so he remade it
there *is* that.
in case anyone who hasn't seen it is wondering, the twist comes halfway through the third viewing.
bring it on. i fell in love with it at first viewing.
well, i was just about to type a movie where will smith dies at the end but apparently you haven't seen it so i won't spoil it for you... *cough* i am legend *cough*
you learn quite a bit about yourself if you take note of what makes you laugh.
i'm not sure why people are downmodding you just because they disagree. 

i think your point is valid that he wasn't necessarily the bad guy. i just happen to think he was. everything in that movie is open to interpretation.
i suppose you're right, if you look at it through a more macro view. i hadn't considered that.
as opposed to my naked ass.
[no quicktime needed](http://www.traileraddict.com/trailer/cold-souls/trailer).
you don't think the title of the thread is warning enough?
that's what i meant. your body is pretty celestial, after all.
i couldn't watch more than 10 minutes of that movie.  i used to use heroin though, so i think i was dreading what was coming more than what i saw.
se7en.
the original ending to the film was 1,000 times better, and stayed true to the theme of the movie.  it was pulled after test audiences didn't understand it.
but the overall story was stronger, in my opinion.

the reason it's (and many other king adaptations) ending was so weak for the miniseries is because the book ending is un-filmable.  it requires the audience to go as far and as deep into their childhood imaginations as they haven't done in years...into dark places we can't remember as adults.  the effect is deeply psychological and impossible to recreate outside of your own brain.
i can't wait for the sequel, *new moon*, this fall!
alpha dog.


apocalypto (not the main bad guys but the spanish/portuguese)


carlito's way.


inside man.


valkyrie .
jesse james ala brad pitt may have been the more likeable character, but if i remember the movie right, there were many a time *i* would've wanted to kill that sumbitch for being a such a constant, unpredictable, mortal threat. 

of course they turned him into a real peach at the end, but shit - kinda late to build any trust in that relationship.

that's right. you heard me. *sumbitch!*
star wars. bastard rebels killed millions.
ah, hello. i came here looking for you.

thanks.
yeah, it's not huge, but it was unexpected for me, since it's such a terrible thing to do to a person.
this made me laugh. i was with my girl right? and i kept trying to leave during twilight but she wouldn't let me man
[idle hands](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0138510/)

[district b13](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0414852/)

[monkey shines](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095652/)

[aeon flux](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0402022/)

[azumi](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0384819/)

[head](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063049/)

[heavy metal](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082509/) *awesome soundtrack*

[honey i shrunk the kids](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097523/)

[speed racer](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0811080/)

[the fast &amp; the furious](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0232500/)


this is getting old. some artsy person had an exhibit based on dildos for kids where i live. i didn't care.

get in touch with real people and i might give it a second of attention.
does strangelove count even though there are only bad guys in it?
this is amazing, thank you so much for this link.
that actually interested me in the blu-ray format, if the movies have all that sort of detail for extras.
i thought at the end on the movie they didn't. it was my understanding that the series ended with everyone joining together and becoming one but in the movie shinji is scared and backs off and that's why him and asuka are on that beach at the end.
i was kind of hoping for a "hayyy you guuuuyyyys"
[well that's too bad...](http://media.photobucket.com/image/gary%20larson%20dog%20barking%20hey!/bfreeforever/farsidedogcartoon.jpg)
he's actually done a few good films but everyone dismisses him as an actor because of the crap he has done
bad guy doesn't really win though does he?
3:10 to yuma mabye
i realize that was tongue in cheek, but even if ozy could be considered the good guy, in what context could rorschach be considered the bad guy?
hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy :

the bad guys don't win, but the earth does get destroyed and then ultimately rebuilt.
fair enough bagboyrebel.
search for the essentials.
i take it shit wasn't so cash.
hissiliconsoul? wait! what do you mean by...
http://watchmex.wikia.com/wiki/watchmex
american history x
http://www.askoxford.com/concise_oed/antagonist?view=uk

it's not hard to look up.
coming from the guy who said this: "you just repeated your first statement and added an insult...way to argue your point."

ha!
that might be the least helpful wiki i've ever been to:

&gt;what is watchmex

&gt;impossible to find. but before you die, you learn of every plot point and see every issue. __so go on, try it, shoot yourself.__

&gt;retrieved from http://watchmex.wikia.com/wiki/what_is_watchmex

&gt;category: __poop__
this movie also has the most cringeworthy scene i've ever watched.  anyone who's seen it knows what i'm talking about.
 thank you for saying that, i was starting to loose my sanity/ belief in humanity's sanity after everyone couldn't stop praising wall-e.
cherry 2000.
hey, it's got jack black in it before he was jack black.
...erk...urge to kill rising...

this movie, only if seen as a young child, was a fucking masterpiece.  it will continue to be for all eternity now.

no one should feel ashamed.
juice.  that was a good one.
shaner wins and jonny loses.
yeah, in a pyrrhic fashion. woo-jin gets his revenge too, by completely fucking oh dae-su's mind, but afterwards killls himself. it's hard to see a winner, really.
thanks. i learned a new word today.
seriously, somebody is exploiting that little girl.
if i think of it in the more personal terms, then i guess what is more depressing than him dying is that the scientists in the future aren't trying to stop the past from occurring so they've basically fucked the guy by trapping him in a temporal loop.
santo vs. the vice mafia
..really? i watched it dubbed by accident once. it's not even the same movie, dude.


no seriously, three-fourths of the script is changed drastically from subtitled to dubbed.
ebert?  writer of such stellar productions as *beyond the valley of the dolls* and *beneath the valley of the ultra-vixens*?

regardless, i'll probably see the film, but ebert is a douche.
just like *the jackal*
i am glad it isn't filled with blood and gore like those other zombie movies. this'll be one to take the whole family to. let's all celebrate, what a fantastic idea, a pg zombie movie.
well at least it's not reiterative  :d
one upvoate for a well research find, sir
but through the credits they show newspaper clippings regarding prosecution of the corporate douches.  maybe only counts as half.
the funniest thing i've seen all day long!
walter.
 :d
so he can't write screenplays, he's still a superb and highly regarded critic.
which part?
that's disgusting... she's way to old now. 
that's how i felt with lady in the water.
those are some super-effeminate dinosaurs!
dr. strangelove
im pretty sure i wouldnt sign the forms to let my 15yr old daughter make out with a 19yr old on screen.
frost/nixon.  fo/sho.
not as disgusting as the pockets hanging out of those cutoffs.

eww.

edit: i didn't realize her birthday was 23 february 1994. that's like 10 years post-nes.
rorschach is trying to stop ozy, so ror must be the bad guy. in fact, ozy convinces *everyone* to help him except for the evil rorschach who wants to reveal dangerous secrets solely due to his base sadistic nature. 
i've often been disappointed in his endings, but i loved the way the dark tower series ended.  one of my favorites.
&gt; warning: this motion picture contains explicit portrayals of violence; sex; violent sex; sexual violence; **clowns** and violent scenes of violent excess, which are definitely not suitable for all audiences. 

wtf.
sounds faptastic!!!
i move that geebs's remark be stricken from the record. we have new evidence and would like to introduce exhibit c, a dvd copy of the movie "the big lebowski"
confessions of a dangerous mind is pretty good, not by the usual standards of screenwriter charlie kaufman, but still pretty good.  choke is ok, if you like palahniuk.  snow angels is really good too, same dp as choke, by the way.  he's good in all three, if a little samey.
according to imdb, harrison ford had intestinal issues that day, thus the improvisation.
whoa... a child star is trying to break out of their mold and show people they aren't some kid any more? whoa, actors who got started when they were kids have never done that before!
yes!! 

what do i win? :)
it also sucks.  just saying.
also, blood simple.
the last one makes it all worthwhile.
seconded. i would watch any movie if it had this scene in it.
waterworld. i could not understand why so many people hated it. also, i thought nacho libre was amazingly funny. " i don't believe in god, i believe in scienceeee." kills me everytime.
reminds me of the seagulls in finding nemo, that yelled "mine!".
con air
zombies

woody harrelson

jesse eisenberg

emma stone

bill murray as a zombie


i'm not saying i'm excited but if the boner police show up, i demand a lawyer.

edit: alright i'm not that excited, looks fun though.
yeah that fifteen year-old *little girl.*
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
        ,, ,   .:, ,,         ,  ,  , ,        
          ,, #w###w# ,,   ,,   , ,,   ,        
         ,  w##@@@#@*  ,   ,,   ,,,,  ,        
          ,:##w::+w#w,, .., , ,,ww#@w+,        
         ,,@#@:::.*@#w@####@w@+w###w@@:,       
          ,w#w::#w########**#**w@w*::@w,       
          ,@#w.w@#@#####*****##*#w.++*w        
           :@#w########****#*#***#w.:@w        
          ,,ww########*************w@#.        
            #@########**********#**#@#,,       
         , ,@##@#####***********##**w,,,       
           ###@####www#***********#*@,,,       
         , w######@wwww#********@w##**         
          ,@######@wwww********wwww**@,,       
          *########www#********wwww**w ,       
          w#########*********#*@www**w ,       
        ,,w###########*+++:+***###*#*w         
         ,@#########w::::@ww+:+w***#*w ,       
        ,w#########@+::::wwww:::@****@ ,       
        :@#########@::+::#ww:+::w****#,        
      , w##########@w::.+@@+::::@******        
      ,@@w###########@@w...:w#w@**#*#*w        
      +#,w#############w,:,.*w*#*#***#*#,      
    , ,,@*@#@##########@,...*w#*#*w#*@#w,      
        www#w#w#@#####@*w,,w###*w*w@#.,,       
     ,  .ww@@w#w@#####@**w@*w**#ww#www ,       
        w############**@@#*w###*###**+w,       
       +@##########***#**##*****######*w,      
     , w#####@####**************####***#@      
      +#####@#####**************@w*@###*@, ,   
     ,w#####w####***************w,w@#w***#     
      w#####w####***************w  .@*#**#     
     ,@#####w@#@www#*#********##w,:@#***@, ,   
     .@######@@@###@#***********@,w*##*##,     
    ,.##############w*******#***:+####*w ,,    
     ,@##########@##w********#*w ,@##@@ ,,     
      w###@########@***********w  *w*,         
      #@#@########w#**********@.     ,,        
       w########@w*#********#*w,  ,            
    ,   *ww@@www##***********#. , ,            
        :##########**********w,                
        :###########********w,                 
        .#############***#**@,                 
        ,@#############**##*@                  
         @######w#######***#w  ,               
        ,w#######w::#####***w                  
        ,w######@: ,w####***#,                 
        +######@+,  ,@####***+ ,               
       ,#@#@###w     #####***@                 
     ,  w#####w     ,,w####**w ,               
        w####w        ,@@####w                 
       ,##### ,        ,@####w                 
      ,*####w  ,       +#####w,,               
      ,*####:          w#####.                 
       +###@ ,       ,.#####w                  
       :###w        , w####@:  ,               
       .#@#w         ,@####w                   
        @www         +@####w, ,                
      , ++,.         ,####**@@                 
    ,  ,  ,           w###**#*w+               
                     , *@###**##@  ,           
                      , ,w#***#*##,,           
                     ,  ,*#***w*#w,            
                    ,     w#**@ww@.            
                         ,*##w:@.w:            
                        ,, #w::#:*             
                           ,,@ww,  ,           
                             ,, ,, ,           
                                               
                                               
                                               


i pride myself on my jadedness to violent cinema, and i've seen most films that people consider over the top: irreversible, henery: portrait of a serial killer, august underground’s mordum, funny games, ect.  but this film really sets a new standard in wtf.  i can't wait to see inside as well.  are the french the new masters of horror?
you are aware said forms come with money, right?
you must be a scientologist because it's easily in my top 5 of worst hollywood movies ever made. it's just above batman &amp; robin.
&gt;heavy metal

&gt;honey i shrunk the kids

that's almost like me making a list and putting casablanca on it.
yes but if your daughter is dakota fanning then the money will be there and has already flooded in, besides that i dont think i could pimp out my child.
downvoted for saying blade runner and requiem for a dream suck. you suck!!!
gah, i also totally disagree about logan's run... i meant to say silent running
i enjoyed this movie a lot. dunno why you got downvoted for suggesting it.
and the closest of all three i am legend movies to the book.
oh, some gentlemen were waiting for you, sir.
god, there are forms for everything nowdays.
really? i liked 'lucky number sleven' more. probably because it's a less generic title. maybe i just want what i can't have.
he's the third best thing about galaxy quest, the first two are attached to sigourney weaver.
america's sweethearts has christopher walken, so intrinsically it can not be a crappy movie.
*wants to see evil alf*
how old is fifteen really?
[no quicktime needed](http://www.google.com.au/search?hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;num=100&amp;q=quicktime+alternative&amp;btng=search&amp;meta=).
it's currently 5am. i was just about to finally go to bed. instead i went to get a bowl of cereal and started queuing up videos.
con air is the best campy action movie ever made.

there's nothing better than con air for a cheesy movie night with friends, even when there's no campy action, you still have nicholas cage's southern accent to laugh at.
too old.
long live the new flesh!
no! this kind of stuff is part of why i left digg. in fact, my first thought when i saw the headline was "good thing this isn't digg, otherwise everyone would be posting pedobear ascii art".
"there are no videos available at this time.
please check back later."



is this happening to everyone or only to a few because we're outside of the us (like with hulu)? if it's the latter, i've got to say that's one of the main reasons i download stuff illegally.
so i just watched existenz and am quite disappointed. the film had a beginning but no middle, and i won't spoil the ending. let's just say that it was neither very surprising, nor thought provoking. hell, even 13th floor is better, and there is not much there either. 

posting this in this thread, because it was recommended here, and matches the genre of films op was looking for. definitely need more quality films.

on another note, i just realized that clockwork orange wasn't mentioned. even though it's better than the previously mentioned movies combined and then some.

/ramble 
check out a movie called "jerry and tom".  awesome.
i find your lack of humor disturbing. 
and that solves the mystery of "why do they keep making crappy movies?".

hey, if people would pay me millions to make crap, i would make crap by the ton.
seconded for dreamcatcher. it's crappy but the whole secret military thing with madsen and freeman is so cool.
dakota fanning naked (body suit) and raped at 12-years-old in _hounddog_ http://www.cinemablend.com/new/dakota-fanning-naked-and-raped-for-oscar-gold-3032.html

i did not search for pictures or video of the scene.
why does everyone find kristen stewart so attractive?  she's got that fucked up, gaping, buck-toothed, goth idiot look.
i watched that one and was just fixed on the mcnulty character from "the wire" playing the over the top mafioso stereotype. *mcnulty nooooooooooooooo!*
speed racer, i already forgot the story. i just remember my tv exploding colours straight to my brain. that was great.
go back to digg.
i would actually pay to see that. 
nothing against jj abrams, he's a nice guy. but i have to say that the system is broken. now he will get all the good jobs just because he became a "big" and made paramount earn a lot of $$$. i'm not saying talented people shouldn't work, i'm just saying other writers and directors should have the chance to work on important projects. plus, i hate how people have built a cult around him. see star trek, which is now considered one of the greatest movies ever ( wtf? ).
waterworld, problem child, a shiiiiitload of b-movies
the south park corn harvest scene comes to mind...
interestingly enough this movie was entirely filmed in georgia. 
actually, i'm of the opinion that watching be is the safest way to never, *ever* become a scientologist.
too bad most of those videos are us-only.
us only. 

fuck this shit. can't even watch a documentary about homeless people hitting rock bottom and losing everything because some company wants to profit off it...

_* edit: take that back, video is loading now. seems some are worldwide availability and some aren't. *_

_** edit: buffering is unbearable. back to tpb i suppose... **_
i see your point. it was more of like a "so the heroes survive....but the rest of the world crumbles!" definitely interested in a sequel especially if boyle comes around to help (not saying they needed his help in 28 weeks).

but dude, you have to see more movies if you think that was the most brutal you can remember for any film. have you seen the mist, funny games, or eden lake, or quarantine? those are pretty recent and definitely left me feeling like i just got my guts ripped out at the end.
most docs don't work in the uk (but they'll show you the ad before you find out).
it is a pretty popular influential movie. using still pictures almost throughout the entire film makes it so surreal and the story makes it enjoyable. watching it after 12 monkeys will make your head explode when you realize the amount of references. 

it's on youtube though


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rvmjan17q8


answered your own question there, didn't you?
dakota fanning is younger than my little brother who is a sophomore in high school. this is weird.
their ad placement is really akward, in the middle of sentences and breaking up continuous shots.  
bookmarked. thanks.
no.  im more of a - oh your bringing a date home?   hmm this sounds like a perfect time to clean my gun, slowly, on the coffee table.
which is why you'll never be a successful hollywood parent!
i think thats the nicest thing anyone has said to me all week.  
future movies based on *cartoons and puppets* from the 80's by established directors(...give it a second...)
the battle of the b-cups.
sorry about that, but art is supposed to have an effect on you. if nothing else than a tiny smile is created i'd say it failed. 

i did chuckle a bit more at your reply than i did from watching the link if it's worth anything.
mlp vs care bear looks epic.
well you don't know reddit at all then. 
hey faggot for 4 days, you are in no position to tell anyone to get out. 
i stumbled onto them filming this several times.  they were all over atlanta.
do you still think you're on 4chan? also, no "oldfags" would use the meme outside of the shithole, so i guess they don't want you there as well. fuck off, reported.
inspiration provided by shaun of the dead...........


*edit*

of course i'm going to see it, it's a zombie comedy flick!
aw you reported me, did you get butthurt? sorry, reddit admins won't give a fuck about your minuscule reality. furthermore, don't abuse the report tool like this. it's not meant to be used for your petty arguments. 
[head explodes]

i just watched *they live* and *big trouble, little china* yesterday. go john carpenter.
oh shit ! totally forgot about 'thunder in paradise' with hulk hogan ! i loved that one as a young kid. - just downloaded it, and it's still awesomely crappy ! :d
so is there *anything* in the movie that isn't in the trailer?  like any plot twists at all?  or is it just "oh, look.  there's zombies!  let's blast 'em!"
hey, i agree with you... but if you look at their imdb pages, they are hardly rated like casablanca... 
there is no movie called "the sphere"
upvoted for awesome.
that's true - i'd never thought about it like that before.
do you care?  it's zombies !!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xflaapnzzdy youtube link
red dawn. soviet invaders vs. american high school aged guerillas. awesome fictional war movie.
roger ebert..your ultimate ego....is racist &amp; critisize down every other races if it's not jewish related.
 right?  lmao!
er, isn't a 19yo sucking face with a 15yo grounds for some type of  action by the state?  i would at least expect some type of charges to be filed...

edit: and since the scene is meant to be *lascivious* doesn't that *technically* make it child porn?

[b for purposes of subsection 8 b 1 of this section, “sexually explicit conduct” means—
ii graphic or lascivious simulated;](http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/18/usc_sec_18_00002256----000-.html)
money talks.
quote- ebert: "'the hangover' is a funny movie, flat out, all the way through"-quote

  that's tells the world this guy only supports every jew directed movies even it's obviously promoting racism other than jewish.
it doesnot matter to your concious ... shame on ya! i would like to see movie demeaning jews. have you seen any? none.  lmao!
ebert is a fool.  fire this guy. why can't because hollywood jewish controls? that's nazi to the arts.
 ebert is a r'tard.
why he get's paid? eh? if so how much? every year?
he can't say shit to the jewish producer because of jewish control of hollywood. his ass will be on fire. that's why..

actually i would imagine that to be pretty fun.
i like their selection, but their commercial strategy makes the movies on the site almost unwatchable.  they have a commercial every 10 minutes and they always kick the player out of fullscreen.  it gets very frustrating having to sit through the same commercial 12 times then having to resize to fullscreen after each one.   
all mine ever says is "goodbye".

and if you consider how she could have got rid of the curse real easy if she didn't have issues passing it to strangers or even a horrible coleague. she had a good heart.
usual suspects might just be the mother of overrated twist endings.

well-executed, no doubt, but anyone who didn't see that twist coming long before deserves a brain transplant.
epic fail, for the hero that is. i loved it.
but most of the clippings show how the bank made a ton of money and small arms become more widespread. so in a sense the hero gets his revenge but the big evil bank goes on.
grabs you by the guts. it's insane but when you think about it, there was no better solution.
inside man is kind of debatable. the thiefs kill no one and get a nazi into the hands of justice.
great, we get to see tom cruise play his narcissistic self again. after mi:3, i'm not watching another one.
he's a prick alright
the whole poisoning his own daughter thing, not that it isn't entirely unheard of irl.
a lesson i needed to learn. don't let time make you complacent.
creative zombie killing methods brought to you be dead rising. 
i definitely knew it would be a lot of fun
maybe you just hate generic slasher movies and the current horror-remakes?
bruce campbell would be more fun.
see also: natural born killers.
lookin forward to this!
you could say rorschach uses his "principals" as a rationalization. he enjoys inflicting harm on people and so rationalizes his sadism however he can. what better way than to say he's a "hero" and he's "helping people"?

rorschach revealing a dangerous truth and plunging the world into warfare once again is the most sadistic thing he could do.
gotcha, but yeah that was unexpected.
i'm pretty sure i knew that.
i'm excited for this and i'm glad there's not much overhype for it on the internet.

p.s. fucked up, dude...i know one of the main actors in this! i had heard he was in the movie, but assumed it was a minor part. i just paused as the camera rapidly trucks left to reveal pitt's soldiers and bam! [there he was](http://imgur.com/nuomy.png). he might not have many lines, but still a bigger part than i expected. 
that comment of mine was a bit hyperbolic, but still, no, i have not seen any of those. my film buff powers are melting!
would have been much better without the cheesey et voiceover
oh thank goodness, because not only is olivia munn known for her remarkable insight into the art of crafting and appreciating video games, as well as her strong technical knowledge in almost every genre of electronics, but also her brilliant and beautiful acting skills.

finally our girl has fully completed her life's purpose.
[rec] too!

[mouse over for spoilers](http:// "everyone dies and we have no idea if the virus is contained or not.")
the actual trailer will be out soon.
slightly off-topic, but am i the only person who really would like to see a robot uprising movie, but instead of like a terminator type movie a shaun of the dead type movie? 
finally, a ww2 flick. sooo excited for this. i wonder how everything will go down.
colossus: the forbin project
let's wait until they produce a bad film before we pass judgment.
yeah, but the disappointing thing with shyamalan is that even his decent movies crumble to pieces when exposed to any kind of external logic. 
the sequel to cars does bother me since i didn't particularly care for the first one that much, but otherwise i think you're being a tad premature.  just a few weeks ago they released up, a film many would rank alongside pixar's best.  as long as the teams and directors that have been in place for the past 10 films continue to work on these new ones, i really think they'll be in great shape.  plus, sequels don't have to suck - toy story 2 was great :)
good thing pixar are making them, otherwise they might not be thoroughly enjoyable.
hitler needs to be in more movies.
spike lee can go fuck himself.
i didn't like cars (although, dear god, if you're a boy under the age of 10, apparently it was basically the best thing to happen in this century), but come on: at the very least, *newt*'s premise is pretty cute. two newts in a community college science lab, and they're the last of their kind and forced to mate? i mean, their personalities don't sound that spectacular, but having just seen up.. i trust pixar. i do. that doesn't mean i won't call them out for a crappy flick, but i trust that they have a team of people *so damn creative and hard-working* that for the end product to be spectacularly bad is very, very unlikely.

and bear and the bow? strong female characters who get their own [bildungsroman](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bildungsroman) (note, however, that it is usually a *male* venture despite wiki's well-appreciated all-sexes-included stance)? yes. i am looking forward to it passing the bechdel test with flying colours. (:
thanks for puting a date on a "new xyz" post.
wasn't this the movie that tarrantino got his company name from?
&gt;theatrical release:aug 21, 2009 wide

did you mean that's when the footage was released?
correct.
i don't think they'll be winning any [contests](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zouemznibs8). 
cute scene, though overall godard always leaves me cold.
judging by how many upvotes i have versus how many downvotes you have, i think it's you who doesn't know reddit.
whatever.
they're working on toy story 3 as well. i'm not surpised they're working on two sequels, as disney is known to release shitty direct-to-video sequels no one gives a shit about ( bambi ii, mulan ii, tarzan ii, cinderella ii and even the lion king 1½, wtf? ).
i'd watch 20 incredibles sequels.
it's even worse when you start out liking the movie and end up hating it.

yes, i'm talking about you 28 weeks later.
dammit! i downloaded a copy of this movie, it ended early for some reason (damn computers) and i hadn't got around to re downloading it..... now its roooooned!! roooooned!!!
there's a sequel? or is the joke just going over my head?
i reckon that counts as a twist, even though the angry-homophobic / closet gay is a stereotype.
not really, compare anything you do to digg, you'll automatically have people shying away from it. there are a lot of people who are btards or fans of /b/ on reddit, we even have a [subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/4chan). five months of use you should know that by now, just look at the sheer number of meme submissions on /r/pics. 
nice intelligent rebuttal, learned that from digg? 
sure. now go reply some chubby thread on /b/.
agreed.  i can't find any ground for criticizing pixar for another toy story sequel since i liked part 2 better than part 1.
old enough to know if she wants to get pissed on or not, for one thing.  r. kelly should never have gone to jail for that shit.  
yes, they deserved to die!  and i hope they burn in hell! 
yeah, because crotchety old man, boy scout, and talking dog sounded like a winning combination right?
wait till they make a cinema length movie about the pixar desk lamp.

which could actually be a good idea. brings fresh situations.

"hi. i am a lamp." "shut up!" the silence of the lamp - coming soon!
i just watched the entire movie on youtube.  

i will now promptly recommend it to my friends.  

yes. also his idea of putting random dance scenes in the middle of action movies.
hahaha. exactly what i thought.
yes that trailer was better than the first one.   
it still doesnt make me want to see this movie however. (maybe if you just cut all the snake-eyes parts together i might watch that)  
and it still looks awful.
apparently they stole the film's theme song (starting at 0:44) from the opening riff of [ozzy osbourne's crazy train](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mlp7yntzne) (starting at 0:20).
* equilibrium. so much freaking fun!!
* 10,000 bc, so awful, yet so incredibly epic and fun

there are others, i have a whole list of these. just not on hand :)

this is mi:4, an action-packed blockbuster. jj abrams is more qualified for this project than most other writers and directors. i see nothing wrong with this. now if he was selected to do a documentary on the iran situation, that's different.
have you seen the signal?
i believe it is crazy train, not the original however.
spoiler alert!!!
it pissed me off a bit more than it should have that no one knew that i am legend was a remake of a remake of a movie based on a book. and a pretty good book too! also the fact that it took the title of the book while straying so far from it.
wow. [team america: world police](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0372588/) should sue these people for plagiarism.
if it's gonna be all about action, i don't think jj abrams would be the best choice. he did a decent job in m:i3 but, let's say it, it wasn't that good...it's considered the best mission impossible just because jj abrams directed it, and that's the reason for which i'd give another director the chance to direct the fourth movie. mission impossible movies are known to have different directors each time, why don't they give another director the chance to do the upcoming movie ( as long as it's not michael bay )? 
snake eyes always won when my gi joes got together. i never did get that version of him with the pet wolf though :(
i think you'd enjoy [cube](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0123755/) by the sounds of it.

edit: 

also, [cube 2: hypercube](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0285492/),  [cube zero](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0377713/), [battle royale](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266308/) and any of the [saw](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387564/) flics.
alien
this has the potential to be a truly awful movie
* swept away
* amos &amp; andy
* homeward bound
* the brave little toaster
* the odd couple
* milo &amp; otis
* perfect strangers (well, that one's a television show, but i think you'd like even more than the mist)
it's not about survival, but have you seen 12 angry men and the man from earth?

both movies take place within just one room, and have the characters getting to know eachother.
this movie looks like a lot of fun. i watched the shows, owned a ton of the action figures and comic books and still own the animated movie. i don't care how cheesy it is, or if they rape the ip, i just want to see it. people always take this crap too seriously. if you hate the trailer that much, you should just pretend it does not exist and get off my lawn.
on the beach
ship of fools
beat the devil

the thing.

(also, if you want to watch a goofy horror movie, tremors is a fun one.)
don't most zombie movies end up like this?
according to [jinni, there are 72 results for movies like stephen king's "*the mist*"](http://www.jinni.com) 

30 days of night, deep rising, flight of the living dead, the ruins, the hills have eyes two, the crazies, the blob, the cave, zombie, 28 weeks later, feast, open water 2: adrift, rogue, night of the living dead, deep blue sea (and less so: (i am legend, the host, piranaha, reincarnation, two thousand maniacs, jeepers creepers 2, 28 days later)) etc.

edit: tidy up.
i thought the script of the mist was a little heavy handed.

check out "the edge"... screenplay by david mamet.
anthony hopkins, alec baldwin star
any zombie movie ever made.
solyaris (1972)
a polished turd is still a turd.
not a movie, but a great tv show:

[survivors {2008}](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1258189/)
i remember reading the mist years ago and thinking, "this would make an interesting screenplay". unfortunately they changed the ending, which gave it a entirely different feel. it doesn't ruin the movie, but it was what made the book _stand out_.

to address your question though, i'd recommend tremors. same feel, with a dark comedy edge to it. the abyss was great too. of course, the vacuum of space offers the greatest kind of forced survival/proximity situations. my favorites are sunshine and event horizon.
i agree. i'll go see it just for the sheer popcorn aspect of it. i don't think all of sommer's movies are awful. i enjoyed the two mummy films, for what they were. van helsing was just plain terrible, but the effects looked good... so, eh. i still love deep rising.
*lord of the flies*? none of the movie versions rival the book, but the 1990 version is reasonably good, i guess.

*tideland* also comes to mind, in a fashion...it's about a child more or less in isolation with a retarded man, surviving a very dark and twisted situation through an excess of imagination and childish innocence. and it's terry gilliam. most people *hated* it, but it's definitely worth seeing, if only for an amazing performance by child actor jodelle ferland. also, the final scene is fucking beautiful.

but i don't know, man, this is tough without resorting to naming zombie movies!
jurassic park!
[enemy mine](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089092/)
that one movie starring ethan hawke, uma thurman, and the guy who plays wilson on house.
* blindness (2008)
* waterworld (1995)
* sleepers (1996)
* alive (1993) 
* walkabout (1971) 
i've seen that movie way too many times. it just kept coming on every sunday on usa, and, i don't know, i just watched it so many times. that and 10 things i hate about you. usa really liked showing those a lot.
i loved the animals and the idea of the mist, but it was nearly ruined by the silly, predictable cliches pretending to be characters. the ending was just plain stupid. being randomly hit with a sledge hammer in the last minute was a little uncalled for.
dawn of the dead (remake) i haven't seen the original.
are you thinking of gattaca?
the island?
saw movies ( bad, except for the first one ).
the first trailer made me want to really watch this movie, because it was g.i.joe! 

now, it looks like a more stupid movie. it looks like a crysis movie than*g.i.joe*
the signal is great.  not sure if that's what he's looking for but great anyway.
did you hear it too? i'm not crazy, see?
a few i haven't seen suggested yet, from a disparate variety of genres:

speed

pitch black

the diary of anne frank

the shining

identity
hell in the pacific, cast away
tape by linklater
you could check out *[hell in the pacific](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063056/)*, in which lee marvin and toshiro mifune - the only two actors in the entire movie - play an american and a  japanese soldier, respectively, who are stranded together on a small pacific island during wwii and are forced to cooperate to survive.  it gets pretty intense, and also sort of weird.
moon has some of that. i just went to it this afternoon.
no offense to neiltracy, but how the hell is a serious review of a george lopez nickelodeon movie on the front page of reddit?
...doesn't have ethan hawke, uma thurman, *or* the guy who plays wilson on house.
wow. i've never seen anyone recommend waterworld before.

alive is such a great movie.
sucks to your ass-mar!
yea, i never saw it.
the [funny thing](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmkvwup_so0) about trailers is that they're not always [good measures](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t5_0agdfic) of a movie's content, let alone quality.
*master and commander*

*one flew over the cuckoo's nest*

*the abyss*
yeah, it would be interesting to do this again with the rule "vote up if you liked it, vote down if you didn't like it, leave it alone if you haven't seen it," and look at the stats to see which movies are actually the best liked. this list risks being simply the best known by redditors list. what if 1000 voters saw movie x and 80% of them loved it but the other 20% hated it, vs. movie y, where only 100 people saw it but 99 of them loved it? movie y is far better liked, but might not even break the top 100.

that being said, a top 100 list sort of **is** a best known list. so whatever. but i would like to know which movies were most controversial.
it's like a full time job for me to search for philosophical-reality-bending or mindfucking movies, i thought i was the only one... haven't finished them all but i keep this list that keeps getting longer;

* they live (1988)
* the dead zone (1983) 
* naked lunch (1991)
* europa (1991) 
* the holy mountain (1973)
* der himmel über berlin (1987)
* groundhog day (1993)
* la face cachée de la lune (2003)
* det sjunde inseglet (1957) 
* nowhere man (1995) 
* koyaanisqatsi (1982)
* cocoon (1985) 
* altered states (1980) 
* wargames (1983)
* last night (1998/i)
* the ninth configuration (1980)
* zbogum na dvaesetiot vek (1998)
* the man who wasn't there (2001) 
* i married a strange person! (1997)
* akumulátor 1 (1994)
* the last temptation of christ (1988)
* tuvalu (1999)
* werckmeister harmóniák (2000)
* possession (1981) 
* sílení (2005) 
* spiklenci slasti (1996)
* un chien andalou (1929)
* w.r. - misterije organizma (1971)
* traumstadt (1973)
* enter the void (2009) 
* the fisher king (1991)
* zerkalo (1975)
* slaughterhouse-five (1972)
* brain damage (1988) 
* scanners (1981)
* daisies (1966) 
* brand upon the brain! (2006)
* o lucky man! (1973) 
* phantasm (1979)  
* the interview (1998)
* tideland (2005) 
* the arrival (1996)
* el topo (1970)

if you only watch one movie in this list, make sure its from alejandro jodorowsky (el topo / the holy mountain) i just couldn't believe my eyes ow they fucking rule, psychedelic stuff 
kill the pig!
that's exactly what zombie movies are. or, at least, should be.
shutup! i have the conch!
yes that's strange, i think it's more popular here where i live outside the us. it reminded me of mad max
it might be on the fringes of your query but *sexy beast* is a great film. 
i felt the same way. it was strange to me when a junkie i know told me about how he and his junkie friends used to watch that movie over and over again. 

like...i can't even pretend to imagine how a heroin user would see requiem for a dream as his version of cheech &amp; chong. it's baffling to me, and completely compounds the depression that movie brings.
does "the village" by shyamalan count?

it isn't a particularly good movie. i kind of liked it.
das boot.


nope. i don't think wilson was in gattaca, either.
enemy mine (?)

the flight of the phoenix (original version)
band of the hand
the edge is pretty excellent. anthony hopkins and alec baldwin vs. a bear and the alaskan wilderness.
no, i personally believe waterworld is one of those movies that transcends borders, in that it sucks no matter where you're from.
the bbc show [survivors](http://www.bbc.co.uk/survivors/) is pretty cool.
&gt; 12 angry men

i came here to post that. i adore that film. 
i have to say, if you start watching *tideland*, it pays to finish it.

that movie made me feel increasingly uncomfortable, but the ending helped a lot.
i rather liked [the edge](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119051/).
that site's trailer is very choppy. :[
sunshine 
argh, i hate m. night shylamalamalam or whatever his name is.
reservoir dogs
my dad dragged me to see it in the theater. at like 10am on a saturday morning. when i had a screaming migraine. it was an all-around unpleasant experience.
until the sequel where the zombies work as servants in the household or as pets.
pitch black

the descent

sunshine

28 days later

the breakfast club
might not be exactly what you're looking for, but [primer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primer_(film\)) is really good and has some great character interaction. you can watch it online (free and legally) at a few websites, including [google video](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3909854615539675694).

edit: damn parentheses
try [lifeboat](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0037017/) by the master, hitchcock. shot in a tiny space, in the midst of the ocean it is claustrophobic and very human.


it overhypes how "shocking" it is whilst being *very* tame for a red-band trailer. 

it might be good, but as it stands it doesn't look like a great work of shock. 

i am glad it didn't bother with a 3-act structure for the trailer, but it still doesn't look enjoyable. 
[tape](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tape_(film\))
lost - the show?
hitchcock got a lot out of various permutations of this theme in lifeboat, rear window, and rope. also, if you're into the whole stranded in exotic locale  thing i can think of two fun (though schlocky) movies: cecil demille's four frightened people and a the great sci-fi flick, enemy mine. but 3 films in this vein  that you simply cannot miss are the treasure of the sierra madres, walkabout, and gus van sant's criminally under-seen gerry. also zombies are good. 
if you can get past the questionable acting of the cast, this movie really is thoroughly interesting and sounds just like what you're asking for.
seriously, see gerry.
i never realized mamet wrote that. it all makes sense now.
pitch black and the descent were awesome.
oh man, deep blue sea! how could i forget that; one of the most simple and terrifying movies made in decades. 
according to imdb, all 3 of them are in tape and also in chelsea walls.  i'm guessing tape is what you're thinking of.
great film. i didn't want to see it because i am generally not a horror movie fan. but my friends convinced me to and i loved it. 
an all time classic. should be required viewing in all high schools, or elementary schools for that matter.
an underrated film. it is ostensibly a racism but i hear it is making a resurgence as a gay rights film.
[jeremiah johnson](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068762/)
spirited away for great anime.
battle royal?
yes, i was going to recomnd that one too. this movie is awesome.

watch the first one "cube", its kinda crazy cause the whole thing was *kinda spoiler* filmed in one room *end kinda spoiler* on a tiny budget.

then watch cube zero (i loved that one too). however, maybe avoid hypercube if you dont want to watch all three. i wasnt really a fan of that movie.
excellent work....though i was kind of hoping they'd somehow work "ass to ass" into it.
yes if that is your thing definitely see blindness
 nearly every zombie movie. night,day, and dawn of the dead.
such a great movie...
his arms wide!
spongebob robot pants

the characters are supposed to be for the kids, so i guess they got the right guy.

i havent seen it, but who cares if it's cheesy, it's freaking transformers not the godfather.
[the secret life of words ](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0430576/) *almost* fits your description. 
erm, deep blue sea was about hyper-intelligent sharks (rendered in terrible cgi) who could swim backwards terrorizing an underwater lab.  nothing about that is simple, or exceptionally terrifying.  are you sure you're not thinking about open water?
