cool list of the best nicknames in the nba. ever.
good list. sometimes the second picks turn out better than the first.
you dont watch too many bulls games do you?
thats stacey king and hes a great commentator, his comments are hilarious! 

http://www.nba.com/bulls/stacey-king-soundboard.html
agreed. the pistons are in worse shape because they're stuck with overpaid players that are lucky to reach a playoff spot. they should really blow up the team and rebuilt with a solid core group of players.
i'm from europe (portugal) so i don't want many nba games :( usually just couple of first quarters :( just watch the "replay game" thats usually on nbatv (yes i have that!) but never catched a bulls home game.
yeah he's a real treat to listen to. he has some amazing sayings and he's always overly enthusiastic. he also played for the bulls for around 4 years, netting himself 3 rings.
ok i'm in love ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbxzfvl_7c4
put him on his ass and make him think twice about driving next time. see: [shaq](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5stmytlix4)
the half was winding down, maybe 10 seconds left and the celtics had a terrible defensive breakdown leading to an opponent scoring. mark jackson said "well it's a good thing they scored because now the celtics get the ball back".
lol there is no comparison between dennis rodman and kevin love. 

try reggie evans. there is a reason why reggie evans is feared inside the paint.

http://thesportshernia.typepad.com/.a/6a00d83451b84f69e2012877a9a2e1970c-pi
it's just basketball discussion.  it's fun.  i don't think phil jackson is going to be looking for tips in /r/nba anytime soon.  
ya man i agree
 bynum would have destroyed amare. all of those refs are awful. 
lakers gm was talking about trades possibly for the lakeshow
or maybe he's just a fan of kg's who happens to live in los angeles, so a lakers game is his only way of getting close to him?  everybody knows you're going to have fans in different cities so he really could've just shattered a kids perception of him.  you're a multi-millionaire and if you don't want to sign an autograph, but don't be a jerk.   be a jerk to other players.
too cold.
ahh, the good ol days!
[best all-star ending ever.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk9_jed2res#t=6m52s)
when fouls were fouls. 
they are 1-5 against the top teams in the nba and 9-9 against teams over .500. people are just looking for a reason. just like they were looking for reasons as to why the c's sucked in the second half last year, and they were wrong then too in the end.

anyways, it's not just bloggers or people on the internets, it is also people like j.a. adande, a huge lakers reporter, who has been lamenting this all year:
http://espn.go.com/nba/dailydime
bosh should be forced to buy a ticket even though he is playing.
no-talent hack? get the hell out of here you troll
blah blah blah like the team i like blah blah blah
sometimes stats are inflated when your teammates suck.
if you haven't gotten it yet...when the ref points at him, he leans back to dodge the point.
watch the video. his head wasn't turned, he just was expecting someone else to rotate. bosh was the 4th player who should have tried to stop westbrook, and with someone that fast, if he gets by the first 3, the ball is already in the basket. westbrook should have been stopped by one of the two defenders at the top, and wade had a better angle to protect the rim than bosh, who would have just left his man open for an easy dunk if he rotated out far enough to stop westbrook from jumping for the dunk.
he didn't look all hurr durr ima defeat you in the match like he did in their first meetup. glad he can at least show some compassion for his previous team and their struggles. i respect that.
judging by his play this year, he's actually allot better defensively they he was with the raps.

generally he'd never challenge any close shots at the rim, preferring to backpedal for fear of fouling or getting dunked on i don't know. 

that being said, he's still a puss.
did anyone else feel that dwight was talking like a rape victim in this interview?
that is a great commercial. steve nash is awesome. curtis jackson was great too. "real slumdog millionaire shit."
i miss the young, athletic kobe so, so much.
man, you guys have swirsky on the radio too. you are so spoiled.
but a lot more whimsical. maybe if the perpetrator was an amusing clown or something.
hey! he's...getting better...
pretty sure they could take the raptors for a ride, and probably win against washington in cleveland.
this storyline is dead.
who's this magic jackson guy? or is it johnson? he seems to be pretty good...
**r e s p e c t**
&gt;i'm *canadian celebrity* steve nash... yeah, that's right
could i get a memphis logo for a long-suffering grizzlies fan?
interesting.  i'd like to see 'melo putting up 50 a night in pr, or bron going to china and averaging 30-20-10.
this dvd collection is a must for any true mj / bulls fan: [chicago bulls - the 1990s](http://www.amazon.com/nba-dynasty-chicago-bulls-1990s/dp/b0001z37iq). it had one (nearly complete) game from each of the bulls' 6 championships, plus a handful of other bonus programs and highlights.

seeing mj play in a defining game in the finals shows more of his talent and showcases what made him so special (hint: his determination and unceasing desire to win), moreso than any highlights video can.
if he doesn't make the all-star team this year..
i was at that game...stacey king is a great commentator but then again i have been born and raised a bulls fan since 1990 
i don't like him but they're not exactly better without him
the colangelo picks haven't been that bad, except maybe bargnani.
yeah. it seemed to have start just near the end of the raps' season when it became obvious he was leaving the team
"i'm a centerpiece, not an addition"
...maybe..
it's pretty hard not to like steve nash.
yep.
it is fun!
j.a. is included as a guy on the internets.
then my hope is that he'll be extra determined to play even better. sometimes it takes a little hardship to light a fire that hasn't been lit yet. also, for anyone who had never heard an interview with him, i highly recommend it, i smile every time i hear him speak. keep doing you monta.
agreed. maybe blake griffin can help them but their owner is so damn cheap that i'm not sure.
josh smith = eddie house??
you hit it right on the head. the kid is only 23 and he is on a team with one of the greatest to ever play, along with an all star pf which results in him being 3rd option. i bet he could be just as dominant as dwight with a bit more experience and if he were the 1st option on another team. bring him to houston, that is if they lakers would really give up a great center.
he's definitely better with his hands this year. doesn't seem like he has nearly as many turnovers.
&gt;and the 0 amount of time i have watched thunder games  

from my comment above.
yeah, but westbrook is a high flyer, and giving a guy a foul like that when he's 4 ft off the floor is a lot more dangerous.
that was a terrible draft year.

brandon roy has injury problems.

lamarcus aldridge, rudy gay, rajon rondo are the next best, and none of them are really *that* much better than bargnani.
ohhhhhhhhhh. i was focusing more on the ball being thrown around at :03 seconds in. now i see it, and laughed outloud. 
he's a good sport about it.
thanks for that.
:') they grow up so fast
no one will ever have a finger roll like that again. and he did all this before defensive three seconds, before that brief period when zone d was illegal. the best there will ever be.
yeah good point. he doesnt seem to blabber about non-relevant non-interesting player annecdotes. if only noah was prettier he could do some pro-active commercials.
he's the last line of defense regardless he should have stepped over in time. 
oh my bad ... so you were listening on the radio!
so you think the bulls wouldn't have won without rodman?

he was a cog in the machine and he played his part, just like steve kerr did. but the team was jordan, pippen, and company. i give rodman his due for what he accomplished, but don't make it to to sound like rodman was the reason the bulls three-peated again.
yeah, frobe was truly a force to be reckoned with.
the man was built for this shit, pure and simple..
fiddy held his own in there.
i would argue that rudy gay is extremely underrated.
who would they get from orlando, and why?

the magic's second best big man after howard is ryan anderson, a big man who shoots threes.

the lakers will be fine, relax.
i might be proving your point here, but i don't think you can say he's *much* better than any of those other guys.
amazing video. all i could think of the whole time though is how much i wish he would have played in an era when they had hd video. 
i've never seen him just stand there. this is quite literally the only time i remember him just sliding over and not jumping to block the ball.
i'm not sure why kobe and sam cassell got away with it a few seasons back. maybe the league finally realized what it meant? i know kobe's got some publicity because after he hit the shot and did the dance they still lost to san antonio and utah.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxwb-n5vcyi

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wddtsvkpq7i
i think steve nash and shaq are in some of the best internet videos. the vitamin water and espn commercials nash is in are really funny. shaq is in a vitamin water commercial with adrian peterson and gary busey.  
j.a. adande is a piece of shit writer.
on the same note, kobe has a game away from athleticism. it's going to be funny when lebrick reaches the age where it starts to make a difference. 
what are they feeding these guys with in the nba? 
bynum and the lakers are fine.

however, i'd trade bynum for dwight in a heartbeat. i honestly don't trust his health at all. but when he's healthy, he has proven himself to be a huge threat.
larry johnson wasn't a shabby power forward either.
i'd argue that the bulls needed him to slow down kemp and malone in those finals. can you imagine those two having their way with kukoc and all their vanilla centers?
hey look, it's chris bosh!
vitamin water.
lmao'd.now, time to watch it again.....and again.....and maybe one more time.




again.
yes.
he's one of those refs that thinks people go to the games to see him and not the players.
i beg to differ.  [*this* was crawford's worst call ever](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koygtd1nwcm) (he even [was suspended for the remainder of the season](http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=2840587) for this one).  btw, it should be pointed out that this same action that stern suspended an official for [he theoretically made the new rule for this year.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ngy3vzadxc)  great consistency there, david.
why are you doing this? are you *crazy?*
oh, absolutely.  he's still a joy to watch, and i've noticed an extra spring in his step lately.  still, it makes me sad sometimes when he drives the lane and pulls up for a tough floater, and i have to remember that the play would have ended differently a few years ago.  i agree about lebron, too - kobe adjusted nicely to losing some of his athleticism, but lebron lacks the offensive skill set right now to be able to make the transition cleanly.  it'll be interesting, at least.
my thoughts exactly...
i could watch those old school nba dunk contests all day long, nice find.

edit: i didnt know it was your site, even better, nice work.
thanks.  check out tony dumas in 95.  never have i seen that much strutting with so little dunking.
every time i watch the lakers i come away impressed with the finesse in kobe's game. especially his post moves. truly a great player
do you run hoopism? if you do i'm so glad you finally made something not in processing so i can actually see it, love your stuff.
the third one.
we do (my brother and i).  processing is great for rapid prototyping and getting posts once a week.  we'll be doing a lot more with flex/flash going forward though.  appreciate it.
its actually not a bad call, he just gave the wrong guy the free throws.

in the video you see crawford signal that camby got him around the neck. at the beginning of the video you see grant hill attempt to set a screen on camby to get amare open. camby gets his arm up on hill around the neck. 

it should have been grant hill shooting the free throws. 

questionable call, but if the free throws were taken by the correct player, grant hill, then it would not have been awful. 
linked to [this](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?page=draftreview/090624) from wikipedia

pretty fun article



nope, just baked.
yeah i'm a fan of processing myself, but ever since (i think) the most recent java update i've been unable to get processing applications to open up in the browser
that was pretty funny. canadian celebrity haha
i love how even in the span of 2 years that their list of "who they'd pick now" would have changed. 

no joakim noah in the top 10? raymond felton not in the top 10 either? marvin williams above monta ellis.


yeah 2008 is an egregious example of that.  top 5 now: rose, westbrook, love, gordon, beasley.
love that commercial but too bad vitamin water doesnt really have any vitamins in it. just sugar water really.
i think teams just didn't have a need for him. like you said, he's undersized, and he had knee issues. however, he had successful microfracture surgery and is playing well for my clippers. him and craig smith are undersized big men who rely on strength to work around the rim. not a bad pick up for the clippers.
neato.
maybe it's just me, but for the 1999 draft, i would consider ginobili to be the best pick, not shawn marion.
pretty bad. if you built a team out of the best players from that draft, how shitty would it be? probably a playoff team, but not a contender. i think with most drafts if you put the top 10 or so on a single team it would be a plausible championship contender. 

http://www.basketball-reference.com/draft/nba_2000.html

pg: speedy claxton

sg: michael redd

sf: hedo turkoglu

pf: kenyon martin

c: jamaal magloire

bench: jamal crawford, mike miller, desmond mason, joel pryzbilla, etc.
absolutely.
also, i think richard hamilton and lamar odom should be over marion and terry on that list.
the only way it could be awesomer is if he said "step 4: profit!" instead of "step 4: get paid"

**tl;dr** steve nash should be a redditor in order to improve his comercial skills
maybe he has learned a lesson :)
upvote for "frobe" lol
i'd be happy as hell to see dwight or cp3 coming to the lakers.
he shoots a high percentage because most of those looks are put-backs or layups. he's a great hustler but he doesn't have a consistent mid-range game, which he needs, because as you say, he is undersized, so he needs to be able to hit that open face up 10-15 footer to score if he's not getting a put-back off of a rebound.
mateen fucking cleaves.  sheesh.
ariza went higher but on a fast break. 

kobe came out of no where on a broken play. composed and dunked. 

winner: kobe.
for 2006, i'd have to imagine rondo would be #1, despite the recent development of guys like aldridge and gay.
1987: i say pippen over david robinson.
that one was the worst call. and yes this is the way the nba is now. the only way the nba will be saved is if people like joey crawford and david stern are banned from the nba for life. someone like mark cuban who understands that fan support and being crazy are the best parts of basketball, should be allowed to make the descions.
he deserves it. they let david lee go last year right?
downvoted, guy is incredible, he knows basketball. maybe not as attractive as average all star player, but neither is i.e. dirk nowitzki
okay that made me laugh
the fd macrophenomenal pro basketball almanac has a section on this draft. it's in the "phenomenal tumors" chapter. nuff said.
i wouldn't hate seeing cuban as the commissioner.
no way, pippen was great but if robinson would have been on that team with jordan, the nba would have ceased to exist from complete lack of competition. 
mission successful.
woooooosh
you know what i say? i say, where is the love for pippen?
yeah, its ugly, but they could still beat the cavs.
there was a blurb on espn today about he averaged 25 and 10 or something for the month of january.

the only other players to do that as rookies were shaq, zo, and duncan. pretty goddamn impressive
gasol is more skilled, but yes, griffin is the most dominant.
just out of curiosity, what dunks did griffin do for his hs contest?
yes
i get your point of view but i don't know how much of your viewpoint is shaped by your magic bias. i can't watch the magic anymore because of the constant complaining by dwight howard and stan. the nba has rescinded a lot of techs this year and i think that this helps show refs going forward what they should and should not call. those free throws you can never get back but its better than the alternative.
i would say he's playing the best right now, but i'm not really ready to say pau is a worse player overall. he needs to come out if this funk big time.
yeah, it's clear camby fouled hill (it's most noticeable from the second angle), although fouls like that are often missed by refs. the portland announcers complain about every foul against the blazers though, so their reaction is unsurprising. one of their announcers -- mike rice -- is literally the only announcer to have been ejected from an nba game. 
oh, black people. you so krayzeh.
spurs 3 please
i can't believe no one's mentioned joey crawford [checking a player to the ground](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wugrombsv3u), and then calling a foul. 
ouch.  
:(
yeah, you can see it better from about [1:15](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaziaxjjdkq&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;hd=1#t=01m15s)
oh man... pouring salt on the wound... i loved the bearcats that year when martin went down against st louis right before the tourney.  and how did dermarr johnson leave school and get drafted in the top 10?  wow.

but i will admit, i thought stromile swift was gonna be the truth (he was alright for some decent fantasy numbers for a year or two) and i was recently cleaning out my old room at my parents house and found my copy of espn the magazine with q in his depaul colors on the cover like he was gonna be the next big thing.  
the guy is a rookie who has played only half a season so far.  it's definitely too early to make any proclamations like that, especially seeing as how well gasol has played in la the last couple seasons.  gasol's having a pretty poor year, so it's fair to say blake is playing better than any other big men in la right now, but that's different than saying he's the best period.
hahahahahahahaha.  you got me.  
it's funny that the point of the article is to demonstrate who busts are, but the author himself screws up the 2007 and 2008 drafts (no way noah is passed on over thaddeus young in 07, and mayo, beasley, and randolph are way overrated in the 08)
i wanted to submit something about darko in the 2003 draft, then i realized james bosh and wade were all taken in the same draft, with only darko and 'melo in between them all.  i forgot bosh was in that draft.
why does it have to be between laker players? this is my favorite dunk (from a couple years ago)

[baron davis](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zid2dvqnsok)
you can tell from the video that this was with less than a minute remaining in the 4th quarter of an east finals game, and if i'm not mistaken this was game 7!!! every time i see this video i want to punch crawford in the face.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

and the announcers don't say a word about it.  that's sad.
not to be racist, but i hate yao. i mean, so much money invested, so much hope killed. and gets voted in every year.
"not to be racist" always means there's hidden racism behind it.
i assure you it's not :) i hold no ill will against any nation, people or community, and vocally argue against racist comments when i come across them.
there, there. he's only...joking. :-/
lol you didn't need to say "not to be racist." you didn't say anything about race in your post. the guy is just not that good and you are pointing that out. if you had said, "asian people really piss me off when they vote in yao," then the phrase, "not to be racist" would have made sense.
tldr: yao sucks.
ilemi.com is still working, however.
that dunk was overrated.

i was just asking which was the better of those 2 dunks, as they were both vs the suns.
you did a great job. but i still have a hard time believing ceballos (1992) couldn't see. 
i still wouldn't put malone over ewing.
not really his fault though.
what! nooooooo! well thanks for pointing that out to me now before i miss the lakers houston game. 
ilemi.com is down
maaaaaaaan
1986 is just sad.  who knows how good len bias would've been.  id say they got 87 about right.  maybe pippen no. 1, but robinson is a solid choice for no. 1 now too.  2007 is a joke.  noah is no longer a top 10 pick?  and oden is no.4 still?!  that makes absolutely no sense to me.  and i can see why mayo would be impressive enough to be considered no. 2 now with him being suspended an all that for peds.
according to [their twitter](http://twitter.com/#!/atdhenet/status/32560426147389440):

&gt;atdhe.net will be availabe here http://88.80.11.29/ soon untill we set a new domain hoping for your support and retwitt as much as possible
he could be a little less chinese....
they just moved it to [ilemi.tv](http://www.ilemi.tv/)
holy lol, i don't remember that one. that's pretty bad.
touche
[myp2p.eu](http://myp2p.eu) is the best
for those interested...

http://atdhe.me/

myp2p is still good to go to.

http://www.myp2pforum.eu/

hope that helps some of you out.
yep, hope that doesnt go down
http://www.atdhe.me/
if he keeps this kind of crap up, that might just be the case. blargh. 
this seems like a good place for [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7od4h9uij8)
they could have traded down to the 10th pick and still got bargnani. 
&gt;i think the injury really set him back and in all fairness this season is not a good indicator of his long term effectiveness.

what about his career thus far makes you think he has a healthy future ahead of him? his knees aren't getting better, not if nba history is any indicator. or his personal history for that matter. i agree with the general sentiment in this thread that he's one of the best centers in the nba when healthy, but he misses too many games to be truly elite, and even when he does play he doesn't log big minutes.
kevin love shouldn't have to campaign to be an all-star.  his play should be the only campaign he needs.  
now that dj mbenga is in new orleans, yes, it is safe to say.
:'(
huh? who has won the title the last two seasons? reading this, you'd think it was the celtics.
we're #1 (pick)! we're #1 (pick)!

davis looks pretty good considering he missed a lot of the early season. derozan will be a nice compliment to a good big man, but probably should not be the best player on a good team. that being said, he's a second year player who is really keeping his aggression up and still developing his game; some potential there.

apart from that, give me weems and bayless off the bench, and blow up whatever else you want. the good part is they've got some cap space to work with.

bargnani has been slumping atrociously lately after starting the season strong. and it's not like his d makes up for his offensive struggles.

also, keep in mind that the raps have a lot of missed games due to injuries:

evans, barbosa, kleiza are out. calderon and bayless both missed quite a few games, weems was out for several weeks, bargnani had a few missed games, and amir has been playing through back spasms.
edit: but yes, they mostly suck for now.
probably because kevin love is not a center.
"... with a fuck you, and fuck her too!"
furthermore, nba league pass blacks out local games, so that's not an option. and in this day and age it is fucking insane that if i want to watch *one* channel i have to subscribe to *fifty* other shitty cable channels i will never watch for a price i can't afford.
"great to see the resources who are supposed to be protecting us from terrorism spending their time and our money on what amounts to copyright enforcement."
there is absolutely no way that should be a foul in the nba playoffs.  it's sad how far the nba has slid in terms of the quality of officiating since stern began his crackdown on rough / entertaining play.  
fuck the usdhs.
i was expecting an hour long video of all his postseason calls.
http://www.fromsport.com/
really, why? thats where i watch nba.
thanks for your help
thanks for your help
thanks for your help
i use http://www.soccertvlive.net/sports/basketball.html
fuuu, i was just using it this morning too!
snubbed: eddie house, deshawn stevenson
where are your family's priorities? take control of that remote!
wow, not even a counter argument. on which basis is dirk more attractive (not in the context of his looks for fucks sake if anyone thought i was referring to that) than kevin love - guy knows how to position himself, shoots 3 pointers very fucking well,skilled with both arms, even dunks over people which dirk rarely does. deserves to be seen based on standards applied till this year.
dirk is a former mvp who was having a mvp caliber season before he got hurt this season.
enough with the political correctness bullshit.  no need to be so cautious.  
i never get tired of watching vince carter.
great job with the site man. kudos to you and your brother. people like you make the internet worthwhile. 
homeland security? wow, yeah atdhe was a real threat to our nation.. lame.
so what's the standard for all star appearance that dirk has and love doesn't? i'm not a groupie of any player, just trying to see what the standard is. cris kaman, pau gasol, david lee, carlos boozer, mehmet okur, i could go on - were all on previous teams. what does k.l. lack that these guys have?
oh my god that dunk is electrifying, get out the way!
i think i saw him smile.  *once*.
be sure to write your congress-critter about your feelings of joy over the patriot act. [http://act.demandprogress.org/act/patriotact/%3freferring_akid%3d134.292101.shbauh%26source%3dauto-e](http://act.demandprogress.org/act/patriotact/%3freferring_akid%3d134.292101.shbauh%26source%3dauto-e)
i'd like a clippers logo, ty in advance :)
http://atdhe.me/

http://myp2p.eu/index.php?part=sports
if the refs are ignoring fouls because it's a "close game in the playoffs", then they're not doing their jobs. there needs to be consistency to refereeing, and changing how the game is called during certain contexts is confusing to players. camby fouled hill, whether or not this should or shouldn't be a foul is up to the rule makers to decide, not the individual ref. i personally agree that the game shouldn't be called that tight. but above all, i want the refs' interpretation of the rules to be consistent. 
yeah, it's pretty thin at both guard spots. there are a decent number of wing type guys like miller or quentin richardson though. claxton was better than house and more of a true pg, but got screwed by injuries. i gave claxton the benefit of the doubt there.
keep in mind gasol's "poor year," statistically speaking, is still on another level as far as efficiency goes compared to most pf's.
sure gasol doesn't dunk, sure he does't get oops, sure he's not flashy, but the man is one of the best, most efficient pf's in the league.
i'm in 4th but i think i'll finish around 2nd. roy hibbert turning to shit didn't help.
carmelo anthony isn't a pf
1st, but all of a sudden some of my best players are dtd.
we used to have a pretty decent spurs fan community on a justin.tv channel, then had to keep hopping to new ones, and now it's pretty much all gone. i don't know why they waited until now to start cracking down so heavy, but it sucks for people who can't afford cable.
no. you are mistaken.
fake tough guy. 
that's how it works man. if someone starts a sentence with "no offense" they're about to offend you. if they say "no disrespect" they're about to disrespect you. at least that's the way it come off.
we call him *the scowl*
gotta love that shannon brown sighting on the bench at the end there.
i agree, the quality of espn3 is good to great, while league pass is bad to "watchable."

frankly, besides the quality concerns, i don't think league pass will ever be valuable unless it isn't restricted by blackouts. people want to buy league pass to see their favorite teams, not to see every team but their own if they happen to live in the same general region. why should i spend my extra money to watch my second tier teams?
you think he can pick it up with the new coach?
earlier in his career he envisioned himself having a different role than the one he now has, for which he is best suited. doc communicated to him that his job is to set screens, defend the basket, rebound, and cut an intimidating physical presence. he wanted him to forget about scoring and other aesthetically pleasing aspects of the game, concentrating instead on doing the dirty work. he smiles and laughs occasionally, but never on the court.

i was at a game where a fan shouted "perk! smile!" perkins' reply? "that's not my job."
this made me remember frederic weis.

how the fucking fuck did the knicks pick weis over ron artest?  artest went to fucking st. john's, local kid, hard-nosed nyc player, and the knicks brain trust picked fucking frederic weis.  fuck that.  almost worse than the jerome james contract.
you know it's a shame how many people forget how good zo was.
it's just bad, bad luck. lots of careers have been lost to injury, but i can't think of a team as devastated by them year in year out.

they have the ability to make the playoffs for the next few years despite the injuries, but they won't be contenders (a la atlanta). hopefully for portland, their management isn't as short-sighted as atlanta's and they manage to get a lopsided trade soon or they start rebuilding now.

it's a shame that the blazers might have to start another rebuilding process on the heels of the last one, but i don't see this team winning a championship.

hornets fans need to pay attention to what's happening to brandon roy because chris paul is potentially going to be in the same boat in the future. from a bill simmons article last season: 

&gt;my least favorite trend of the no benjamins association era: teams twisting the truth about potentially serious injuries so they don't hurt ticket sales, or because they know the media won't challenge their stories and call them out afterward. after seeing boston string celtics fans along with kg's bum knee and the clippers legitimately lie about blake griffin's knee injury, when i heard the hornets claim cp3 would miss only "four to six weeks" after "minor" knee surgery, my bs detector started beeping. especially since we learned that doctors removed paul's torn meniscus ligament rather than repairing it.

&gt;intrigued, i asked will carroll (the injury expert for baseball prospectus and basketball prospectus) for his thoughts. will pointed me toward a piece he wrote about meniscus removal a few years ago. the key section: "one reason teams are so quick to allow this surgery is that the players come back so quickly, usually in a matter of weeks. but … surgeons don't repair the meniscus in most cases; they just take it out, either in part or in whole depending on the size of the tearing. that leaves the athlete with no shock. eventually, with the remaining meniscus overstressed and aging, they end up with the bones grinding together. yes, that's as bad as it sounds in a game of running and jumping."


on the single team pricing, it basically doesn't work for me because the only games i want to watch are laker and clipper games. clipper games are fine, but i can't watch any laker games on league pass due to black out restrictions.

i prefer the interface on league pass and stream quality really isn't a priority for me. i might be willing to buy league pass full price if they just didn't black out laker games for me. 
hey, we'll get a lottery pick and we've got a bunch of young guys, and some money to throw around. we'll be back.
not gonna lie, that was huge.
thanks for your help
should be a fun game. even less defense than the all-star game!
as a blazer fan, i would like to ask the jazz management what it would take to get d-will?

**edit:** on a more serious note, i think that if broy can shelf his ego he can still be effective playing behind la. lamarcus has made a lot of other pf/c's look really foolish this season. my friends and i have been making the same joke for the last 4 years that, after every all-star weekend la would put up ridiculous numbers and we would wonder where that was all season. now, we don't have a superstar/franchise player in broy anymore and la has stepped up in a major way to fill that role. we have matthews, fernandez and batum to provide the much needed offense we lost with broy. 

here is where wishful thinking comes in, i fully expect the zers to extend an offer to go in the offseason and i expect him to accept it (if he doesn't he will be forever hated more than any laker, we don't hate steve blake though, he will always be a blazer in our hearts). if we have a healthy go being mentored by a healthy camby and la still playing like a beast and matthews will have another year under his bet and batum will develop into the next pippen and fernandez gets back into the swing off throwing up those 3-goggles 5 times a game we just need a good pg who has an outside shot. andre miller has one of the ugliest shots in the league, he is shooting something like 2-30 from 3 this year. if we have all of those people playing well and are able to pick up a strong pg, we will be the close to the contenders we wanted to be the last 2 years.

but, right now, good news for a blazers fan is that batum went out last game with a knee injury and it was only a bruised patella.

fml

**edit2**: i'm not saying i don't like andre miller, that dude is a stud. any team would be lucky to have him, just doesn't fit with the blazers.
i doubt it. he said it had to do with his playing weigtht which will be hard to get up substantially by the end of the season if he hasn't already.
this x1000. it's ridiculous that in toronto you currently have to subscribe to five sports channels if you don't want to miss any games. five!

i'd rather just pay for league pass instead, but local black out so that's not an option.
in my 8 man league everyone drafted like an idiot so i got lebron and cp3. nuff said. 
we're coming for ya!
we need to work really hard to keep shaq out of the all star game now!
i really thought they'd be the next elite team if they could stay healthy. roy was set up as the next great superstar, kobe and artest both said he was the hardest to guard. with a solid center in oden they seemed set. really sad. looks like rebuilding time...again.
[this](http://www.celticstown.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/kendrick-perkins-smiles-e1262553372969.jpg) is about the best he can do, though it might be photoshop
might be the first time rookies win twice in a row.
his scowl is perpetual.
would reccomend this as well.  ryan rusillo annoys me, but he mostly knows what he talks about.  god though, you pretty much have to avoid most things he says about boston.  he's a homer (and the worst kind, he doesn't think he is).

his podcast is like 85% good, 10% kinda awkward, and 5% stupid.  which is pretty fucking great.
looks like they're sending people to http://atdhenet.tv now.
you're my hero.
shirts get smaller and shorts turning into pants.

stop. it. now.
having seen a lot of shops in my day, i have to say that is definitely photoshopped.

edit i mean "photoshop® edited".
lakers should trade bynum for carmello or bynum and brown for blake griffin. kobe needes a future star to be his robin.
title is misleading. awesome parody/satire/joke, whatever it is, it is very very funny.

give you some meaningfuuuul compluuuhments, chyeah
in a competitive 10 man but started out 12-0...just had a great draft (with some luck) with paul, pau, ginobili, and kg in a late round (along with j smoove, duncan, and al jefferson to round it out). no significant injuries outside of kg.

someone's about to catch up though, he's got westbrook, amar'e, kobe, and fuckin' kevin love.
i think we need a new coach and a new system. we have all the tools to be a run and gun team, and to tell you the truth anyone in portland will tell you that. it's been proven that under nate mcmillan's system that we have been better defensively, but some of the offensive sets we run are just garbage. 
it's because of the superbowl. and i'm guessing homeland security's purview of the superbowl extends to anything illegal associated with the game, including harmless sports streaming sites. 
kevin love is a pf
whats next, morph suits?
that'll learn all you terrorists streaming tv shows.
if rudy, patty and nic had the freedom to go nuts, we could be a very exciting team to watch.
dirk plays on a team that wins.  if love doesn't get those rebounds someone will, not as many as he gets, but they've got to go to someone.  i'm not saying he's not good, he's one of my favorite non-spurs, but let's not say he is near the player dirk is.
then why would you preface a statement that has *zero* racial implication with "not to be racist"?
even some of our big guys eg; marcus camby, lamarcus aldridge, dante cunningham, can get out on the fast break and run. but under nate's system he usually wants his players to wait so they can set up the offense. it's that half-court old school game that a lot of the those old school players like their teams to run once they become coaches, i'm not a fan of it, but you can't argue the success of the blazers the last couple of seasons or so. i just want to see what the blazers would be capable of seeing how many points they can score as opposed to limiting possessions. 
i used the broadband league pass (on my computer ofc) and it looks awesome in 3000k quality on 24'' lcd
atdhe.me is not associated with the original according to the atdhenet.tv link posted.
never underestimate jerry buss.
yeah, don't see it very often but [cunningjam](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kvantqmt1e) can jump out of the gym.
had oden panned out, portland would be the team to beat in the west and a nice outlook for a decade of a title contention. 

unfortunately, oden hasn't had the luck, and durant's ascension makes the whole situation reek of bowie/mj redux. shame it happens to portland. beautiful city and great fans, this type of karma ought to strike apathetic front-running fans, like miami
they are gonna pawn off the injury-ridden bynum, some young talent, and an aging vet, for the only good player on some terrible team.
holy crap i was just going to say i didn't know he could jump so high and then you show me the college highlights. *touche*
i doubt they would have posted a 72-10 record without rodman.  
as dumb as lac can be, the day they get rid of their only chance of contnder will be a sad day for all involved.
weak knees are killer.  i hope roy is eventually able to succeed in this league.
[seems like this is the best option: http://atdhenet.tv/](http://atdhenet.tv/)
yeah, it seemed to start with the nike "system of dress" in college hoops, now it's in the pros. 

looks retarded.
who does he do games for?
i can tell by the pixels.
*can you believe the blazers are actually getting calls blown their way?*
i am still happy to have him back. 
since they are at home, yes i can believe it. just wish i could actually watch the game. **damn you homeland security!** *shakes old man hand*
be sure to write your congress-critter about your feelings of joy over the patriot act. [http://act.demandprogress.org/act/patriotact/%3freferring_akid%3d134.292101.shbauh%26source%3dauto-e](http://act.demandprogress.org/act/patriotact/%3freferring_akid%3d134.292101.shbauh%26source%3dauto-e)
oh and that was one hell of a game portland. you guys definitely out hustled los spurs in the second half. wish you guys still had roy, oden, and camby. 
edit: spelling
haven't heard him lately, but i absolutely loved him in the 90s on nba on nbc.

throw it *down* big man.
in high school we played in the same district. he never smiled then either. 
no way. i love bill walton and wish he was back doing national televised games
tyson chandler deserves the starting spot in the west. no question.
stewie!
the kings, i guess. but it seems like he just happened to be in the building (he was wearing a kings t-shirt) so the announcers set him up with a headset and let him talk nonstop through 3 quarters.
bill walton is absolutely awesome to listen to! sharp and funny.
ok, we can't make that assuption before love starts playing with a better team like dirk does for years. what about the guys i mentioned like boozer, lee and okur? all played at the all star games
and with those golden voices at the microphone i will never want to listen to another commentator. mike and mike ftw!
mavericks 3 ... the old school logo. thanks ! 
al-farouq aminu got snubbed. hopefully when blake griffin makes the all star game, he'll replace him. 
i never watched the nba back then, so i'm not sure if he's any different. he was just such a gasbag during the game, spouting wisdoms like "you know what kevin garnett brings to the celtics? intensity". and "wow, demarcus cousins can do it all. he can shoot, he can rebound, he can layup, he can dribble with his right hand, he can dribble with his left hand, he can..." meanwhile 12 baskets were scored.
maybe he was having an off-day then... i even got the sense the announcers were getting a bit tired of him towards the end, but maybe i'm just projecting.
yeah. the clippers will definitely jump on that trade. smh
if anything, i see fish, brown and a bag of chips for cp3 or bynum, lo and jennie buss for melo happening. /sarcasm 
idk why laker fans panic so damn much. 
i guess i wouldn't know being a clipper faithful...
so bynum, theo ratliff and shannon brown?
try .me instead of .net, that'll solve your problemo.
well he's around kg all the time so it has to rub off on him.
i didn't hear him for tonight's game, couldn't watch it so i can't say, but i'm so glad he's back to doing color.
i was going to come here and say 'scoreboard", but, instead i say, thank you. i wish we still had those guys too. i was at a game last year when go took a baseline 12 foot j over duncan. the crowd went nuts.
his smiles cure cancer, well, you know the rest. 
yeah, or maybe steve blake.
well, to be honest, he was always pretty polarizing. you might just be on the opposite pole.
wall, cousins, and bledsoe on the same team again...interesting.
he calls some games for the kings. it's a semi regular thing
no one.
we expect to win.
[he actually seems like a pretty cool guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rk7ymtsb-k)
holding down 1st in home town league and battling for 3rd in school league.

good draft picks outperforming expectations like eric gordon, antawn jamison, kevin love.
same thing happened to #1 and #2 in my league and they are dropping like stones.
so no possible home court this year. no need to blowup the team. develop the chemistry. 
come on, you didn't post the one with all the [stacey king](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbxzfvl_7c4) commentary!
why is perkins always angry?

well because he is an evil genie.

proof: http://i.imgur.com/ocwc8.png 
i love this video. my favorite is the line about going antique shopping with kobe. and yes, it is fake, just in case you didn't know. just in case.
um, have you been watching since roy left?  fast breaks are through the roof.  they are executing the "before 5 after 20" with mixed success.  at times you can hear mcmillan yelling at them to push the pace.  if anything they need to work on their help defense and their goddamn shooting.

i don't think we really need a new coach, we need healthy players.  when has he ever coached a complete, mature team?  he has had two seasons of getting his teams to over achieve.  
i say this everytime bill walton is mentioned, bw, charles barkley and tracy morgan, 30 minutes everyday, who wont watch it, maybe van gundy too
bulls
if lebron doesn't win the title this year, he might consider going to the lakers to team up with kobe, gasol, and odom. yes, i know the money doesn't work out.
i am amazed how two seasons ago we had one of the better 3-point shooting teams in the league, now we are among the worst.  wtf?  i think we would win a lot of those close games to bad teams by increasing our overall shooting.
because he thinks the celtics would have won the finals if he had played in game 7.
i hope they don't trade. but that's just me.
i think he's just high.
crawford's calling the bump from billups before crawford collides with jones, at :21-:22. you can see jones lose his balance right before the ref checks him.
no possible home court? 7 games back from san antonio and we play them 3 more times. it's not impossible.
the wild one!
san antonio played well the first meeting. they are the best team in the league. you might be able to pull one out. with dallas, okc and nawlins nipping at your heels, its going to be close. 
it's not like i said, hey they aren't going to make the playoffs.
i'm in favor of tnt using a crew of barkley, walton, and shaq when he's done. i want no ernie, but more particularly nobody to maintain any semblance of structure or direction. they're already pretty good about letting charles do his thing, and since nothing of any value is said on pre/post-game shows, letting those three spitball it would be a serious upgrade.
to be fair, we beat the cavs 13 games ago.
nets2
sport subreddits always have something new going on (at least during the season) which really helps generating new threads.

plus, speaking for myself, i have no life.
good point
&gt;there's always those guys with nothing better to do than sit around and change their roster -- you know who you are.

you mad?
what kind of activity?
yeah, you guys do suck pretty bad too.. but you're nowhere near our level of awful.  shit, even when we're healthy you guys look handedly better than we do.  if you do manage get #1, though, please get sullinger out of way so we don't waste our pick on him; he is now projected #1 overall, and i will probably shoot myself if we draft him over irving or jones (although jones might end up being pretty slack).
won't change a thing.  except maybe you'll feel relieved to have ranted to a politician.
his voice doesn't feel as booming
heres some trivia if anyone didn't know this story: because david robinson took his first two seasons off to honour his commitment in the navy, he could've refused to sign san antonio and become a free agent before the 1990 season. everyone thought he'd sign with the lakers for big money etc.

this just shows the kind of person he is both on and off the court. glad he won two championships and retired on top.
shirtless
2000 slam dunk contest is just fantastic. 
because, even though there are so many nba players, there is always something going down in the league and usually at least a good game every day or two. 
except that love has 3 more rpg is only a ppg behind and is shooting nearly 45% from 3.
/r/ glenn davis as an allstar alternate. 
i remember hearing something (on a pregame or something) on this very topic. evidently, he's actually a big-time joker and dicks around a lot, has a lot of fun, and is generally one of the nicest, softest guys ever (off the court). 


as for the on-the-court scowl, i think it has something to do with him constantly having to play like he's 4 inches taller than he is. 
this is actually by far my favorite subreddit. everyone debates each other really rationally, upvotes are plentiful, shit talking is minimal (see: the la/boston match thread from sunday. unbelievably tasteful), and all you motherfuckers seriously know your stuff. i'm scared to post occasionally cause i worry someone is going to talk down to me, but it never happens, cause everyone here rules and has a very real love for the game.

*edit* okay there's some shit talk, but it's rarely mean spirited. 
next year they are a contender. oden is a great talent, broy and la are proven stars.
that's what the announcers said, but to me it just looks like jones lost his balance since he was pinned against the sideline. crawford was forced to blow the whistle due to physically disrupting the play. 
the ideal package for me is singleteam-archiveonly-hd subscription :) please tell them :)

i don't want live games, as they start about 3am here. i don't need live comments and boxscores. i just want to watch bulls games with 8 hours delay in better quality, and not wait 2-3 days for the torrent to appear. 
frylock mode helps him own on the court.
it's chief 2.0 perk is a beast. 
i feel so bad for you kings fans. that guy is just the worst.
are you kidding?  i'd say rambling and incoherent
every day is an off day for bill walton
he's covering the celtics west coast road trip, tommy heinsohn couldn't do it
you don't want to hear more stories about when he met the grateful dead?
i think they might try and get rid of artest, but i'm not sure who would trade for him.
that has got to hurt. even worse because dante jumped, realized manu faked, *then* tried to readjust to manu's second fake and was like 10 feet away from him by the time he (dante) even figured out where anyone was standing. oops. goddamn i watched this video like 10 times.
i say the baron dunk was better than both kobe and ariza's :)
paranormal.
this would probably never happen but artest for shane battier would be an upgrade for the lakers.
when kupchak is talking about the possibilities of trades happening you know he is on the phone seeing what people are willing to trade.  wouldn't be surprised to see bynum, artest, and/or brown all being trade possibilities but with bynum going out again his stock just keeps dropping in the short term.  

lakers are actually the 2nd oldest team on average in the league and we all know this is phil's last go around with la and i wouldn't be surprised to see fisher call it a day if they win too so they might be more willing to make moves than they would another time.
really? hmm, thanks for the info. i dont know to much about stream sites just had a collection going in my bookmarks. im still trying to find some backup sites, myp2p seems to work the best out of every site i found so far. peace.
yuck
exactly.
i just need a hug.
magic was like: "so it's like that? come at me bro (*smile*)"
it's the only place we can find some reasoned celtics fans
;)
but by then you'll have haslem back!

you can bench bosh and turn him into a scrappy, high-energy reserve!

...lolz wait he makes the most money on the team.
while these are terrible, i actually like the new trend of less-baggy jerseys in the nba right now. first team that comes to mind are the nuggets, their uniforms look fucking sweet this year.
yep, looks much more athletic. makes absolutely no sense to be wearing baggy ass jerseys. 
very legit
dante is turning into quite a reliable defender, this play notwithstanding.  it's really cool to watch him mature.

ditto for lamarcus aldrich.  for the last few seasons i have been complaining that his only post move is a turnaround fadeaway from the hoop.  **"he's almost 7' tall,"** i would say,** "surely he can go to the rim sometimes?"**

now he's going to the rim and it pleases me.
atdhe.me is an impostor

try http://atdhenet.tv
i agree that a new coach is not needed (or even a good idea).  i think that nate has proven his worth time and time again in light of all the injuries.  he's taken them to the playoffs in the face of the majority of the stars on the team being benched for long stretches due to injury.  there aren't many coaches that i think could do that.

hell, nate even hurt his knee last season because he played on the practice squad against the starters because so many people were injured.  get rid of nate?  fuck no.
the shit talk i've seen has all been in good fun and i think is much needed for discussion and keeping subreddit's like this going. 

i know damn well if i say boston sucks the game on sunday will get brought up. if i make fun of the heat for losing to the clippers (before the lakers loss that sunday) christmas gets brought up. and it's all known and expected and i wouldn't speak up like that if i didn't want some rebuttal and a chance to get creative and come back with something.
talent isn't the issue, it's the injuries. 
lamarcus scored 40 pts. last night.  what a monster game!  it will be a crime if he does not make the all star team.
smell like the vault.
they both ought to be there, if the coaches can avoid giving tim duncan a lifetime achievement award and forget pau gasoft.
i'm convinced he's drunk before every broadcast.
i loved when walton was paired with steve "snapper" jones - those guys were great together.  i'm pretty sure steve hated walton, but whatever.
why blame gilbert?
this season is also just really f'n dope
and i mean that in a larger sense than just being a knicks fan
you can also hit channing frye in the nuts if you are pietrus and you want minutes.
you lost your starting center, your backup center, and your star player. your current center is injured. its not your gm, owner, or coaches fault. why dont you just shut up and be a good fan and support your team during this tough time?
i was just about to submit this, it's crazy for that story to leak right now especially with his contract and lackadaisical play 
in 4 seasons, oden has played 1 season's worth of games. i don't think you can call him a great anything (except maybe disappointment).
i have 8 leagues and 2 of those i play very competitively. currently in top 3 of every league with 4 first seeds
don't forget that mo williams and gibson are injured too. yeah, they suck, but these injuries are just inflating the loss numbers.
also, just to point out what the article clearly states...

&gt;this much i can say about the source: it's not artest's provocatively tweet-happy brother daniel.

for those that aren't in the know, daniel, ron's brother is kind of ridiculous with his tweeting. he went at ariza and just yesterday was talking crap during the whole game.
lakers fans are among the most sensitive and defensive fans in the league.

of course, that's probably because of all the winning. being a bobcats fan, i really have nothing to be defensive about. we once drafted adam morrison over brandon roy or rudy gay. fucking jordan. he's got to be in the running for worst executive of all time.
the pacers just played like someone replaced their tighty-whiteys with nice, roomy boxers.
thats just felonious
he's not brent barry.
so basically they are censoring our internet?  wtf... this makes me angrier than it should.
[indeed](http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/space_jam_5458.jpg).
because you know it's the one place you can talk ball anytime.
so philly, was evan turner a bust?  or is there some potential in this guy
if somebody is dunking next do you, don't go for the block, it's too close.
thank you for someone recognizing this. we are bad. lebron leaving destroyed us. however, the absence of lebron isn't why we have a 21l streak. christian eyenga is starting. 

regardless, we're horrible.
honestly i don't even believe this "one source." it seems so vague but if it is true, it's pretty crazy.
also, [j.j.'s page is sponsored.](http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/h/hicksjj01.html)
not sure why it shouldn't be believed. artest is obviously unhappy. you could see his body language on the bench last night indicating that. it's a close game and he's acting the way he's acting. he played about 5.5 seconds in the 4th quarter and overtime last night.
lakers, celtics, bulls.  three teams i can't tell their fans "go win some rings!"  at least i can still say it to dallas fans.
it really is unfortunate. oden seems like a pretty cool dude, and his first commercials were great. i always thought he had potential not only as a player, but as a personality. one in a long line of goofy, personable and dominating centers. 

he and aldridge together could go toe-to-toe with any frontcourt in the league, especially with camby and cunningham off the bench. even without roy, the blazers would be pretty formidable with a healthy oden. matthews came out of nowhere (again) and seems like a keeper. i wish they had held on to bayless. i think he has some real talent (especially shooting). i guess it was just time to move on.
while i agree, he didnt need to make those empty promises in the 'heat' of the moment. 
i agree. 
all raps fans have no life :(
he's just too tough.
that's too bad
i've got to ask robert rodriguez to direct a movie about me. 

"they say his karma can't be traced, but little did they know, they just fucked with the wrong redditor!"
the question is who will win on sunday when they play at home vs. washington? washington has not won a single road game this season (0-23). should be epic.
i thought you would. 
i totally agree with that, calling him the worst owner in sports is a bit harsh. what was he supposed to do when lbj left?
i'm supposed to hate you spurs fans, but we just haven't played enough in the playoffs to get that response from me, although you did ruin our
4-peat chances back in the day.
hey ronron come to boston..

wait a second...don't
the local blackout thing pisses me off. i live in sacramento and have dish network - and what do you know, about a month after the season started, dish and comcast (comcast sportsnet bay area, which carries all the kings games) get in to a carriage dispute and someone pulls all the kings games. the kings only have three nationally televised games this year, so unless i find a bar to watch the game in or something, i have to resort to finding a crappy stream online or watching the scoreboard on espn.com.

league pass doesn't help at all in my situation.
how does it feel to be relevant?
as much as i like dallas and their style of play, i just don't ever wanna see mark cuban wearing a championship ring. 
nothing speaks of frustration with a losing team than just reporting their stats.
ron is a great player, let alone an amazing human being, and i feel like he has a legitimate gripe with phil and the team.  for some reason phil just can't get anything substantial out of artest.  its a shame to because when artest is productive the lakers are a much more well rounded team esp in defense which we are severely lacking this season.
write a full fledged hate letter addressed to lbj?
"jason statham is fifeohtree"
"downvote. at. your. own. risk."
isn't blake technically a sophomore?
i really miss his old wikipedia article... the version that essentially focused on nothing but drunk anecdotes and meltdowns. the new kid-friendly version is lame.
word is that kobe will dominate screen time in the second half of the movie after complaining during filming that west and willis weren't carrying their weight. according to the director, west and willis became increasingly detached and their performances suffered as bryant began shouting their lines over them. bryant contends it was for the good of the film.
[this man](http://blog.oregonlive.com/behindblazersbeat/2008/05/large_schonley.jpg) begs to differ...
look at his contract. $6.3mil through 2013 and $7.7mil for 2014. what team would take that on for a 31 y/o player with a attitude?

that shouldn't be brought up in any manner when addressing his team's success or failure.
hopefully detroit.
guarantee championships? 
i actually have been having more of a life lately since i usually can't bear to watch all of a raptors game this season. granted, that usually just means i change to another game.

any other canadians surprised about how many clips games we're getting? i love it. lac-chi on nbatv canada tonight.
yep. 

i'm still debating canceling cable though... but griffindor has me intrigued. 
thank you. just. thank you. that was fucking perfect
didn't know blakey and the clips were getting some foreign love. :) 
don't worry rap fans, it gets better. 
red shirt rookie year. never played a regular season game, so he's consider a rookie. which is why he'll win roy, barring injury. 
i can't remember.
slow news day
his letter was amazing, but it was overshadowed by his promise. otherwise, all of cle supported it.
t-mac to la?
hoping for prince and hamilton.
have to agree with you that there is always something going on, but i think it continues in the off-season (for my own experience, in r/baseball).  
don't you mean 'dreaming for prince and hamilton'?
yep. 

honestly i'm going to cancel my cable and if i can't watch ball then screw it. i'm sick of nba and its policy. 
some of them are pretty amazing. rest of them are big ass flukes.
i can't think of any corny jason statham lines sorry.
and to think these teams used to be playoff rivals just a few seasons ago...
have you [forgotten about this](http://www.livevideo.com/video/6d8374d3d7624b75acca2f7b883554a8/nba-brawl-pacers-pistons-detroit-indiana-ron-artest-rapper-hip-hop-violence-black-culture-basketball.aspx)?
&gt; for some reason phil just can't get anything substantial out of artest.

do you blame phil or father time?

artest still has flashes of strong defensive acumen, but i shudder when he touches the ball on the offensive end of the court.
fun article. blake say he wishes he could have climbed mount mutombo. jordan got dikembe. i saw kobe try several times, but each time he was either blocked or got fouled. blake's going to have a long list of victims by the end of his career.
&gt;word is that kobe will dominate screen time in the second half of the movie after complaining during filming that west and willis weren't carrying their weight. according to the director, west and willis became increasingly detached and their performances suffered as bryant began shouting their lines over them. bryant contends it was for the good of the film. **but in the end, the film wins the oscar for best picture, kobe wins the best actor award (even though people claim it was really a supporting role), and they all celebrate.**

ftfy
artest for beasly??? sounds like something david kahn would go for.
maybe a little bit of both phil and the triangle.  it doesn't seem like phil's coaching is effective on someone like artest given all the complaints and huge stat drop-off.  however, phil has 11 rings as coach so i'm sure he knows what he's doing and if not he'll figure it out.
[artest says he's happy in l.a., isn't seeking trade.](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fe2st/artest_says_hes_happy_in_la_isnt_seeking_trade/)
reading this, as well as watching clippers games, makes me extremely jealous of my cousin. he has photography credentials for certain nba events and has seen a few of blakes dunks from right underneath the rim...
i refer to jj as "butterfingers"....always losing the ball....
the last few games i watched (beginning of the season), boobie seemed pretty decent. he seems to be a much better 3 point shooter than mo now. i couldn't understand why mike brown didn't play him in the playoffs last season. :/
do you think manny harris is any good? i watched him play alot at michigan, didn't think he would ever really do anything in the league when he got drafted. so i'm surprised to see him score as much as he does
**tl;dr** kobe and his fellas win (despite having a shitty performance at the very end of the movie, but still better than his opponents), and the rest of the world whines.
he also can't catch the ball, which is a big issue.
certainly been a surprise. it'll be interesting to see how much he can improve.
children, what have we learned today? basketball is magic.
the shonz is a legend.  if you closed your eyes while he was calling the game on the radio, you could actually see the game.  we would watch games on tv with sound muted and crank up the shonz on the stereo.  rip city baby!
pau gasoft... haha!
don't be unfair. 
 
he was just telling us what his heart meant. 
guys, get yourself to a clippers game this year. clippers tickets are pretty cheap in most cities, as blake isn't as big a draw as the other stars.
i like mark stein but bspnaawwhatever....
dont worry, the number #1 pick will help.. oh a lockout....
meanwhile doc rivers complains that kobe only won the oscars because his actor was sick, lebron abandons a high budget project mid-production to play a cameo in a star-studded rom-com leaving it to bomb, bosh whines that others movies shouldn't be released near his film's opening date, and allen iverson repeatedly complains about rehearsals before being fired and is later spotted in a low-budget, chinese porno.
the film sweeps up most of the early awards, but suffers from negative press raised by kanye's griping.  it gets nominated for best picture, but loses out to kanye's secret side project, a small indie movie featuring kevin durant coming home for the holidays.  allegations of bad calls and foul play among academy voters (including bias against dirk nowitzki's period piece on otto von bismarck) persist to this day.
there is really only one way to sum up my feelings on this: fuck james dolan.
don't forget a pretty underwhelming draft.
word. i've been to a few clipper home games, and i've gotta say. this kid is insane. the whole arena is on the edge of their seats when he touches the ball. definitely a must watch.
i got nets/clippers tickets for only $25 each. 15th row. i can't wait.
lol?  do you bet big bucks on your skills?
&gt;shit talking is minimal (see: the la/boston match thread from sunday. unbelievably tasteful)

thanks for pointing that out. this subreddit had that charm for me because other sport boards i usually go to have trolls and lots of shit talkers. it's great to see people upvote engaging conversation rather than just going "lol $elltics!!!" or something stupid like that.
nevermind.
eh if i were a team in playoff contention i'd hands down choose gasol over griffin.  as of right now griffin is incredibly raw.  a lot of his points are through putbacks or getting passes while cutting into the lane; i think something like 40 plus percent of his points are non-post baskets within 3 ft of the basket.  he can't create his own shot yet.  once he develops a go to move outside of "face-up, ball fake, and drive hard to hoop", then maybe we can have this argument.  gasol on the other hand is one of the best post players in the game right now.  and at the moment right now, he is also a better defender than griffin.

all of that said, if i were building a team, i'd pick griffin for sure.  his raw potential is incredible.  imagine once he obtains a decent jumper, an actual post game, and learns how to box out.  he could be averaging 24-12 for years.
it looks horrible.
cannot agree with this more.  players like duncan, gasol, and boozer might not be as flashy, but they're ability to efficiently create their own shot is incredibly valuable to their team.  having the ability on offense to dump the ball into the post have that player almost always be able to put up a high percentage shot (or pass out of a double team) is a luxury almost any championship team needs.  
hey don't be too hard on the guy, you might effect his ability to provide for his family.
false alarm.
what's with the pull-up jumper at 0:45? it is in no way similar to any of the others.
fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
according to the [website](http://www.nba.com/leaguepass/tv/index.html), nba tv *is* included with league pass in most markets. 
i guess i should clarify that i have the [broadband league pass](http://www.nba.com/leaguepass/broadband/index.html). 
dammit. so close.
well on february 13th the immovable object will meet the irresistible force. something will have to give.
rick kamla
seriously, roy has the basketball iq of a crafty vet and he knows how to play. his knees will be the only thing holding him back. la is blossoming into a legit offensive and defensive low post threat. 
they were only rivals in deshawn stevenson's mind
oh i mean no hate, i love that the western conference gives you spurs, lakers, lakers, lakers, spurs, lakers, spurs, fluke, spurs, lakers, lakers, lakers.  

20 years from now my kids are going to assume there was an epic rivalry between us and the lakers.  
100% agree and i'm glad stern agrees.
i love it.  they usually cut into close games as they are finishing and the fan night (nerd night) is fun because they'll have ej, mchale and webber on there.
i don't think purchasing tv channels for live internet streaming is available yet in general. but you can stream nba games [here](http://88.80.11.29/), and some of nba tv's content is available on nba.com. 
nba tv is mostly worthless chatter you could hear on espn anyway. the best parts are the old games.
nope
rockets won, and against the jazz at that! great news day!
i think it's the nature of how basketball is played. it's very colorful but it's also a very intellectual game. when you get to the playoffs it's not a game for people who are impatient and want a quick result. it can be a grueling seven game series, that forces you to see the nuances and personality of each and every player. it makes for very good debate, and very fresh perspective that each one of us can give because we all notice those things whether we know it or not. that's not to say that this subreddit can't get childish, but there is very good debate and taste. 


wade on varejao was some other kind of nasty. 
looks like the leaping-out-of-bounds-save-for-a-basket happens more often than you'd think.
nba tv is awesome. don't sell it down as an alternative for espn. nba tv has rick kamla, c-webb, dennis scott, smitty, there's awesome hardwood classics games, a fantasy show, constant and awesome coverage and highlights, and the off-season schedule can't exactly be replicated by an espn.
good [spot](http://www.nba.com/games/20110213/wascle/gameinfo.html). one of them *has* to win,  right? i predict snow-out.
i predict something like [this](http://i.imgur.com/puysb.jpg).
i think that was [randy foye](http://www.nba.com/playerfile/randy_foye/) who assisted him on that one.
"rudy gay man."
there are just way too many good stories to follow in the nba this season: the miami heat, turmoil with the lakers, the spurs looking like legitimate title contenders again, knicks becoming relevant, cavs going first to worst, blake.griffin., some fun teams to watch in chicago &amp; okc, and maybe boston's last run. i seriously cannot wait to watch the playoffs. 
that was a excellent alley-oop. 
kyle montgomery in yo ear for last night's nba top 10...
they're different, i think.

nba tv comes included with the sports package for your cable provided along with like nhl, nfl redzone, mlb, and espnu channels. nba broadbrand is by itself from nba.com
blazer announcers are the worst
yeah, there is a canadian channel [(the score) ](http://www.thescore.com/)that does it too some nights and they call it "court surfing." they pick a couple games as their main ones for the night, and if any other games look interesting, they switch over. they skip commercials when there are lots of games near the end, and then just take extended breaks once the games finish.

and if the program was supposed to be over at 10, but one of the 8:00 games is really tight, guess what - we're doing an extra half hour. best channel for basketball coverage in canada.
that pass really didn't seem off target to me.  i think people are on griffin's balls just a little too much.
he shot it in his own hoop, dude. 
i like smitty, but kamla should step in front of a bus, you're correct there.  
not that one (which was actually more like 0:25). the buzzer beater 3 pointer at 0:45. i mean, yeah it's a buzzer-beater 3, but those are pretty common.
jesus that was an awesome alley-oop. i'm just glad my bulls solidly beat them. 
they scored a lot of points in the 70s but that doesn't mean the quality of ball was that good. 
stop eating candy for every meal and you'll be all right. 
i decided to watch a complete clippers game the other day after watching a lakers game and i gotta say, it was amazing. there were dunks galore. these clips we see are merely 1 outta 20 in that game. very entertaining team right now.
yeah, he shot that one in his own hoop, too.
bass is out for orlando which means dwight will have to work harder. i think magic will win though.
kevin durant at 3. lamarcus aldridge at 4. marcus camby at 5.

immense front court that could/should have been.
the phrase "southpaw spike" conjures up nightmares for me now. 
really? because all his teammates get really excited, their cheerleaders go mental, and the other team looks defeated.
as a bulls fan, i was very glad kyle korver got posterized. also: apparently stacey king won't ask for his poster machine for opponents, even though griffin totally deserved it.
he was a spy from the *other* team, wearing their jersey.  like a basketball mole.
the magic don't have good enough perimeter defenders to keep wade and lebron in check. i say heat.
omg, i can't believe it took me so long to realize that. thanks for explaining.
no worries.
i also say heat for pretty much the same reasons, with the added reason that i hate hedo, and therefore he must lose.
start to finish. a fine performance.
man, they don't even have gordon right now either - that's another effective scorer that can get up for dunks as well.
imagine if this guy wanted to play football.
i like this new lawler catchphrase, "the lob, the jam!"
all in a day's work.
woops :( was at work and thought it was bd :s 

still impressive
hey now,  i think eyenga is one of the positives in our recent slump.  the guy is freakishly athletic (which still might be an understatement), and he has a decent overall game.  the only reason i even bother to watch anymore is to see this guy jump 16 feet in the air and block a shot that should never be reached.
i'm actually with the rest of the world regarding his letter - it was ridiculous.  i don't care for him much, and never have. he looks/acts like he's cracked out half of the time, and i think he prefers his money to the franchise despite everything he's claimed in recent times.
central florida resident, and orlando season ticket holder here. magic will actually play d for stretches...because it is a big game. if they win, home court will probably be the only reason though. i haven't been impressed with them lately. 
i was rewinding that clip a couple of times, but yes, you can see bill simmons with his arm up in the air at around 0:07.

in the comments on the youtube clip itself people seem to agree.

considering i've never watched a second of the clippers this season, and i clicked on the link thinking to myself "i wonder if they'll show bill simmons at the game", i was pleasantly surprised to find him in the video.
i guess it makes sense why artest would give a shout out to his shrink.
i went to high school with the guy. i remember he would dunk all over the place, and even the opposing team's jaws would drop. on one occasion in a state area competition, we were beating the crap out of the other team, and blake sat out for most of the 3rd and all of the 4th quarter. players from the **other team** got up from their bench to get his autograph.

edit: i remember wilson holloway and taylor as well. they were both good players on our team as well. yes, blake has dunked on taylor, as we had multiple slam-dunk contests, and friend with taylor vs. friend with blake 2 on 2 for fundraising. good memories.
me gusta...
i'd say these are the best boards per number of readers.
why wtf? have you not seen him play before? he's an intense dude.
i don't know if you saw the article earlier today, but everyone from artest to phil said he didn't want out. i just feel like it's just some source and they're trying to make this a bigger situation than it really is.
i'm surprised he didn't try to shove a nearby point guard, but then, tyreke evans would probably beat his ass.
almost as good as [big baby during the finals](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydkfxo_wj8a)
i love nba tv.  i get to see way more out of market games than before it existed.  granted they're not always the best match ups, but my home market team is the wizards, so almost anything is better lol.
magic is somewhat unpredictable. they can be almost perfect at threes and stand up on defense or they can be a complete mess on offense and blackout on defense.

that said, i only place my bet on heat because they have wade, the one that doesn't stall the plays nor soften up on defense.
wow that dolan guy is fucking delusional.  walsh has already built a winning team with exciting players, and they'll easily have the room to add another star next to amare.

compare that with the last what, decade of knicks basketball?  how can he even consider getting rid of walsh?
come on, somebody pick this guy up.  he's got more rings than lebron!
that was a grown man's block
and half of the hall of fame.
dude just stuffed a 7-footer at the rim.  that takes amazing timing and skill - i'd be pumped up too.
i think the actual "jerk" is artest for not playing up to his potential. especially since he's one of the few guys left in this league who can do something other than score, ie play defense.

i've been thinking about the superbowl and whether the steelers are still hungry and can find whatever they need to find within themselves to win or if they will end up like the patriots falling short against a giants team they should have beaten.

artest is like the patriots, but he could be like steelers if they manage to win. he needs to find that hunger and get his head in the game. if he doesn't want to do that, he needs to be gone.

i don't see how that makes phil a jerk. artest signed a deal for a lot of money, predicated on the idea he would live up to it. if phil had a problem with artest, the deal would not have been the same (or have even gotten done). these deals don't happen without the approval of a coach, especially phil. clearly, artest has lied to the organisation. nothing except his own attitude is preventing him from being successful.
turner seems lost in the game and i wouldn't have drafted him for many reasons but if he can't get a starting spot from jodie meeks then yeah he can be considered a bust so far.. we'll see how it turns out.. 

holiday is in, he's younger than turner(by almost 2 years) and a very promising player.. just had his first triple-double last night.
intense dude? he's a crazy person.
almost as scary as this. . .

http://img168.imageshack.us/img168/9061/30623221.gif

it looked like dwight actually thought he was going to bite him
i used to really like kevin garnett, growing up he was one of my favorites.  but recently he has become a complete douche. the ball tap against channing frye last week, the 'anythings possible!' scream, now this. 
i believe baby's is more deserving. against la in the finals, back-to-back plays...but there probably was a little too much drool. that much saliva should be reserved for championships only.
it's delambert.  he is lucky when he scores 5 points a game.
ever heard the expression "act like you've been there before?" what a buffoon.  


i need to start practicing this move
i'd take the heat but that's not an impartial opinion 
this.  i take issue with it.  it's has been widely reported, by gilbert himself, that in the weeks leading up to "the decision" lebron wouldn't speak to gilbert.  now, hindsight is 20/20 but think about it for a moment. wtf else could that have meant?  gilbert has no reason to act like he didn't see it coming. no reason.  he should have, i dunno, tried to arrange the team to compete for fa talent in the offseason instead of placed blind faith in lebron.  salary dump, make a play for amar'e, trade something... but no.  instead, gilbert did nothing, let lebron walk away for nothing (idiot gilbert really should have traded his ass last season when it had value to the cavs.  that's gilberts fault, not lebrons) and wrote a widely ridiculed letter about it.  he's no donald sterling, but he's on his way.  
http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fdwka/an_extremely_ticked_off_cavs_seasonticket_holder/c1fbjxy agree?
i was gonna say that until i saw the spit come out of his mouth.  
gordon hayward beta
wtf? this is why i love the guy. he's more intense than all players on the floor combined. 
this type of stuff should be reserved for pre-season pyrotechnic celebrations of free-agent signings, i agree. 
has phil jackson ever coached a team that did not have multiple hall of famers on it?  i don't think he is the master of coaching that people make him out to be.
no offense, but i can totally understand the "anything's possible" scream. he's was on a pretty under preforming team for a long ass time, and finally won it all. i'd be pretty ecstatic too. 

[i like when he punches jump shooters in the testicles and moves his foot underneath them while they're in the air in hopes of spraining their ankle.  he's really good at that.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erpzbbxwwwi&amp;t=96s)

at this point he's on the same level as bill romanowski to me.
oh, i agree - my point was that it wasn't necessarily the "no fouls" part that makes the game more exciting, but rather a consequence of that, namely that the scores are a lot higher.

most people would rather watch an offensive-oriented game vs. a defensive-oriented one.
if this trending continues in 20 years it'll spandex unitards
i fucking hate that black announcer. he's an unintelligible retard condoning dirty play. kg is so dirty, he talks shit to people while they're playing. he's just bad for the nba almost as bad as david stern. yeah he's an "intense" dude. calling someone a cancer patient. he's not a man, he's a boy compensating for what he thinks it means to be a man. 
would you then bathe the floor with your saliva. 
i'd rather watch basketball played by the rules of the game. if the rules of the game are that you can not put your hands on your man as he's driving in and you have to use your feet to play defense (what every coach teaches), then i think that's a good thing. 

i'd rather see fundamental defense, played straight up with defensive help than someone clutching and grabbing a player on their way to the hoop. 

not to say that flagrants and rough play should be discouraged, but i like the idea of playing d with your feet and not with your hands. 
i don't know if anyone's ever made him out to be a "master" in terms of strategy.  that phil always has done best is manage star players.  from the jordan/pippen years to the kobe/shaq teams, he's really great at focusing talent.  
yep. 

i love gordon as a player. hes going to be a solid piece for a good team.
crappy defense + poor fg% = no spot for you!

he was fun to watch in college, but i was surprised he was picked so high.
who cares what is said on the court? it's part of the game.
celtics 2 please.
i have a feeling most web bloggers like jeskeets and treykerby are here all the time contributing
the nba can't even manage to get consistent officiating in a single game, let alone throughout a playoff series or a season.  it is precisely because of the lack of consistency (both across officials and individually), that they should allow more contact in the playoffs.  also, it's the damn playoffs, you have a much larger audience wanting to watch quality basketball, not ticky-tack fouls being called by poor performing officials.  
if i consider life a game(which it is to some point) and if you consider life a game too, then i can just kill anyone without worry? "oh yeah man that stuff happens in life, sometimes you have to stab someone and it's ok because it happens" when you play hockey fighting on the ice is a part of the game and it is accepted, i can understand that. when you play basketball is arrogance accepted? arrogance is a trait that some players develop because of hype and it goes to their head, but it doesn't make it right. his actions are ok then ? sliding your foot underneath someone or hitting someone in the nuts or calling someone a cancer patient is part of the game of basketball? i must be watching something different than you are, or if we're watching the same thing i need to appreciate a different sport. unless this is the norm in the nba, i do not understand it. kg is several deviations away from sanity, and his ego has eaten his brain. 
the film goes on to win best picture, as do the two sequels in the following years.

a few years down the line they do a reboot of the series and win best picture on the first two movies in the trilogy.
yea... but i would understand the first 1-2 seconds of his reaction. 

drooling, pounding, screaming and the 4-5 seconds after was just weird. 
yes. 


good rebuttle. i definitely don't think hitting someone in the nuts or tripping someone is acceptable, and you made a good point.  i also don't necessarily condone arrogance, but that is the way some people are. 

however, in regards to trash talking, i think people are too soft about it.  do i think kg should have called someone a cancer patient? hell no. do i think the public needed to know about it? no. in a competitive game, people talk trash.  i don't see this as anything new, or anything that negative.
it's kind of a muddled thing to look at though. who's to say that jordan, pippen, kobe, etc would be as good if they didn't have phil as a coach for the majority of their years. maybe if phil never comes to chicago, mj doesn't develop that killer focus and the ability to take his game to another level when needed. kobe could have wound up just being like carmelo anthony - extremely talented, but lacking the focus, intensity, and defensive prowess that he now has.

phil is great at making sure people know what their role on the team is and managing players and their expectations/egos.
slaaaaaaam dunk!
le sigh...
i'm sure reggie would love to see his record intact, but what's he supposed to do? it's been obvious ray was going to beat it for a few years so it's not like he hasn't had time to get used to the idea. and i am sure he has great respect for such a quality shooter on a professional level.
yes.
they've been known to boo their own team too.
... and then you say what.
apparently you aren't allowed to show emotion. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

marc stein (espn) just reported that artest is unhappy with being marginalized on offense. he also feels that he's being scapegoated for la's recent string of losses. do you think that his concerns are warranted and if so, do you think it's fair to single him out for the overall poor(er) performance of the whole team?
you've changed the context of the quote.  doc rivers is not calling bull on reggie's graciousness, he's calling bull on reggie saying that he is rooting for ray to break the record.

dennis: we've made the point that reggie miller is saying he is rooting for ray, but do you believe him?  because we don't believe him.

doc: no, i don’t believe him, either. i’m going to call bull on that one with reggie.
that was just him mutating into a super douche
man i don't know if i'd want anyone from deeee-troit basket-baaaall on the lakers.  i still can't get over '04, the therapy didn't help.
i don't understand. the ball tap is a douchey move, and i'll agree kg can be a douche. but what about the "anything is possible" scream and this makes him a douche? it just makes him an intensely competitive player. that's what i like about him. he shows more passion than the 9 other players on the court combined.
interesting
funny, but you gotta feel for the kid sometimes.
just because he's a hell of a player does not mean he can't be a douche. i don't read anyone saying he sucks at basketball. 
don't forget this kg gem: "this is it. it's for all the marbles. i'm sitting in the house loading up the pump, i'm loading up the uzis, i've got a couple of m-16s, couple of nines, couple of joints with some silencers on them, couple of grenades, got a missile launcher. i'm ready for war."

http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs2004/news/story?id=1804051

i quite enjoy barkley's take on these matters. i don't have the direct quote, but i've heard him say on multiple times something along the lines of: "basketball is just a game. it doesn't matter. there are only five jobs that really matter: teacher, police officer, doctor, soldier, and firefighter. every other job may be fun or stressful or whatever, but they don't really matter, so don't take it too seriously."
because we like to idolize our star athletes. we can forgive you "raping" a girl in eagle, colorado. we can look the other way if ex-players and team mates say you were a giant asshat in private. we don't care if you were up gambling in some dumpy casino the night before the big game. just fucking show some class and sportsmanship on the floor.

and, yes, i'm looking in your direction, isiah thomas.
nice touch with the teardrop, op
stuckey wasn't there, we can handle him.
not that it justifies what kg did, but i'm curious as to why no one gives a shit that mickael pietrus [took a cheap shot](http://www.redsarmy.com/.a/6a01156f2c3287970c0148c8238f4b970c-popup) at him mere minutes before that. 
charles is the man. i'm not even surprised kg said that. he's just the scum of the earth to me. basketball is his identity, there is no other aspect to his personality. he is the embodiment of every single trait and everything i hate about some people. anyone who supports him or plays it off as "part of the game" is someone i can not share a conversation with.
that's why i said it was almost as good as baby's, if it were during the finals or even the playoffs it definitely would have been as good if not better.

regardless, kg is a beast and is allowed to huck up huge boogerbombs on the court.
i think there is a definite difference between talking trash and spouting hate. kg does not talk trash in a competitive way, he talks trash in an insulting aggressive way and is a dirty player. sports isn't life. when michael jordan was being a dick and talking trash in games there wasn't an aggressive tone to it. kg isn't reactive to anything, he actively tries to intimidate people and that does not make him a savvy vet. it makes him a low life douche bag. 
what does being a grown man, and basketball have in common? it was an athletic play. 
agreed. kg is a beast, and that was a really good block. i wish more players had that intensity.
i didn't read the article yet but my response to question is this:

ray allen- outside shooting
paul pierce- midrange game
kg - ton of size in the post

bosh-good post presence
lebron and wade- similar playing styles which demands the ball


posing for the camera and acting like a "tough guy"..even though he's frequently injured.  sort of like when they pan to him making stupid faces on the sidelines when he is injured.  kg is a tool...rondo, allen, and pierce are the soul and fabric of that team.
phil jackson won a cba championship with the alabany patroons in 1984.

if that is not an indication of his excellent coaching ability regardless of his roster, i don't know what is. 

i am not aware of any hall of famers that played for that patroons team.
he tempted the gods and lost. if you're going to wear a larry bird throwback look, then you'd better be able to really bring it. adam could not really bring it.
agreed.
gotta go with the heat. considering the game is in miami too, i think it's just too much to overcome. i don't see where they are going to get any solid contribution beyond dwight howard. hedo has been playing way below his performance from a couple years ago with the magic, and i don't think ryan anderson, jason richardson, or anyone on their team for that matter can fill the scoring holes for them. i think the trade they did earlier in the season will turn out to not benefit them in the long run.
oh man michael jordan couldn't get enough of that guy in the draft. i wonder who they could have got instead? 

edit- [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_nba_draft#draft_lottery) is the draft class if anyone was interested. pick #47.... whaaaa?

im not saying he should not have been extremely excited. it just seemed as if he was forcing it. my perception of him is that since he has become a veteran, lost some of his skills he pretends to be overly intense and considers that to be leadership. 
i've got a lot of respect for him, and i loved his game growing up. its just over the past few years with the celtics he seems to force emotion, not channel true emotion during the game. 
that was an awesome/hilarious interview. kobe is actually a pretty funny dude. i need to watch conan's new show one of these days.
it's in orlando, not mia
man was that a weak draft though
do you mean they're the best fans ever for booing bieber? because that's a pretty fucking immature thing to do, in my opinion.
going to go with the magic, as long as they're playing tough defense. they have a lot more depth, can control the paint, and actually run plays.

however, miami has been playing great ball as of late, where as the magic have been really inconsistent. add to that, a mike miller who's been pulling double doubles, giving the heat's abysmal output outside of the "big 3" a boost. also, it's a road game, which is advantageous for miami, who is actually better on the road.

so i'll go with the magic if they can play like they should, otherwise, i'm going for miami.
kings, please!
that was a very funny interview. conan has a knack for just making people feel comfortable and open up with his humor. i was cracking up at the bit about the president shooting open jumpers. 

sometimes, though, conan does get the stuck-up, stick up their ass , holier than thou celeb types who just make for a boring and uncomfortable interview. 

and one more thing, am i the only one who think andy richter is just a waste of space and makes the show awkward? why is he on there? he serves no purpose, and he's not funny at all. i think it might have been a contractual thing, or conan just giving his old buddy a gig, but seriously, conan doesn't need andy there at all, he adds nothing to the essence of the show, in fact, i think he detracts from it. 


you mad bro? i answered the op's question?
feel for the kid? fuck that. he's making more money than i ever will for releasing shitty music. plus, considering the amount of sex he's racking up at 16 or however old he is...

no, i don't "feel for the kid" ever.
i actually like that he's out, i'm a ryan anderson fan
yeah, but he's still a k-i-d. which means that there is an immense amount of pressure that comes with being a celebrity. add to that the weirdo's that are obsessed with him, and the fact that he will not be able to live a normal life until his fame passes. hopefully for his sake, he doesn't become a drug/alcohol addict, and he can transition into adulthood without major problems. besides the kid, no matter how shitty you think his music is, is earning his money because the amount of exposure he has means he is working an insane amount of hours per week. many more than you and me, and he's not even 18. no one is forcing you to listen to his music, so for the love of god, chill the fuck out dude. 
i'm so chilled the fuck out i don't even have a pulse, bro.
i wasn't aware that dwyer had spent time with jackson enough to know this. 
going to play some lax today?
but to go with the reddit hivemind, he must hate bieber.
dude, anderson has always been this good, just without the minutes
honestly, it's not hard to dislike him when the media is trying to shove down everyone's throats. hell, he will play in the celebrity game in the all-star weekend.
he's a fan favorite because he used to have the same role on late night back in the 90's... i always felt the same as you though, 9 times out of 10 andy can't hang with the banter that conan gets going with the guest and he just puts the brakes on the interview whenever he chimes in.
take that, knicks fans? what does that even mean? have the knicks done anything lately before this to warrant that? 

people who keep an eye out for negative news about teams they dislike just to rub it in fans faces are super lame.

and yes, if this was about a different team, i would still think it was lame.
well snap. should have checked my schedule.
i try. :'( 
whatever.  i could not care less about james dolan's pockets.  im just happy we didnt lose draft picks, which we might have had we been another team...
people are already coming downtown, i think it's time to escape here and go pre-game the w :)
i think you're dead wrong if we're staying impartial :)
seeing as  how we are both fans of conan, and we both dislike the guy's place on the show (i've got nothing against his personally), i think the "fans" no longer want him there either. 

he might have had his place in the beginning when conan hadn't perfected his craft yet, but come on, conan is a mutha fuckan pro fesh oh nal. he doesn't need richter there. 
how nice is it to be kobe bryant in los angeles? - it's great.
this may be an unpopular point of view..

..but yes
not enough big men on the floor for the magic. and jameer is still questionable at this point. maybe this will be the game where arenas and turkoglu step it up.

what are their rotations going to look like?
c howard/anderson
pf anderson/clark
sf turkoglu/qrichardson
sg jrichardson/arenas
pg nelson/arenas/duhon

ouch!
haters gonna hate.

bieber is all $$$$$

knicks fans are all "i live with a roommate"
what gave it away?
re**lax**x
agreed.  i don't blame the crowd one bit for booing him since his music isn't liked by a lot of people.  however, he never shits on his fans by pulling no-shows, and isn't rude to fans.
you do realize artest isn't the go-to guy for the lakers, right?  of course his playing will be down compared to his rockets and kings days.
playing "the association" mode in nba 2k11, i picked the bobcats and signed morrison to a 6-year bench-warmer contract.  human victory cigar!
i'm going with the magic too.  the heat's best bet to stopping dwight would be lebron.  but even he's a "mouse in the house" on howard.

when lebron and wade start jacking up 3's to try to take control of the game, they would have to have a great shooting day to keep up with the magic's offense.
i've been a huge fan of conan since the 90s and i love andy!

but i do agree, it's hard for him to get involved with the interviews.  he's at his best when he and conan are riffing back and forth being silly.
[he is apparently the vanilla ice of basketball players](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fascljtnj4i).
cocaine's a helluva drug!
garnett's always been like that, it's just that he played in obscurity before joining boston.
separates the men from the boys.
i'm curious as to how well he'd do as a laker or celtic.  i imagine playing for the 76ers and kings can't be as much fun in the nba.
it's a much weaker front court when garnett is out, though.  there's no denying that.
indubitably!
that is why the celtics are still #2 in many power rankings while the heat barely hang on to 5th place, depending on which one you read.
i'm really disappointed in the cavaliers with this one.  they had a big opportunity to come out and kick the pacers while they're down with no jim o'brien.  maybe losing o'brien was a good thing for the pacers.
miami not only lacks balance, but depth.

note:  couldn't read the article because of my new web proxy at work.  
i would have a frenzy fit of joy watching griffin climbing mount mutombo in his prime.
just curious...  what team do you root for now since the sonics are gone?  you an okc fan?
i would throw boozer in the east and steve nash in the west. boozer is a 20/10 guy, those are all-star numbers. he's missed some games, but still, he's been a key part of why the bulls are number 2 in the east.

as for nash, the dude is still putting up retarded numbers. he's 52% from the field, 40% from behind the arc, 91% from the line, and he's putting 17 ppg along with 11 assists. how can this guy not be an all-star, even in a stacked west? yeah he can't really play defense, but that's not really what the all-star game is about, and the suns are certainly worse without him. seriously, i'll be pissed if he doesn't make the reserves. 50-40-90 yet again, only one of 5 people to pull those numbers, and he's done it multiple times, including this year, while being old as shit.

edit: i'd also like to add he's 1st in the league in true shooting %, along with being 7th in the league in per. with these types of numbers, there's no reason not to have him in an all-star game. he also said he'd try to dunk, which would be hilarious.
west looks good to me.

i'd probably put boozer in before a 4th celtic.
i kinda half follow okc and boston. i &lt;3 durant and westbrook but only half follow okc because they're not the sonics and i hate their colours [i'm a snooty designer]. 

i live in australia so i reserve the right to be a team slut, seeing as though there's no local nba team that i could have been born into.
'i don't qualify for mvp'
affirmative.
"do you ever stop in the middle of the day and say to yourself... holy shit i'm kobe bryant"
also, the celtics have the advantage [?] of being old, so even though they are skilled they don't all want the ball all the time.

wade and lebron are all about isolation plays and there are no serious playmakers ala rondo on their team to spread the ball.

when you only have one or two dudes hogging the ball, it's easier to defend. the celtics are awesome at making the extra pass to find the open shot.
woah, i'm impressed by tbs, there was no ad in the beginning of the video.
upboat, never noticed it. damn, might have to change my username now, what a shame.
western conference all-star reserves: t. duncan, p. gasol, r. westbrook, b. griffin, m. ginobili, d. nowitzki, and d. williams.

eastern conference all-star reserves: r. allen, p. pierce, r. rondo, k. garnett, c. bosh, a. horford, j. johnson.
only 6 teams represent the eastern conference. i've got to think that this is the smallest sample of teams for a 12 man all-star team.
haha yao ming...
no kevin love? bs.
kevin's got no love.
oh, ok.  i'm a team slut right now too.  i used to be a cavs fan though.  :)
i concur.
aldridge got robbed.
&gt; so i'll go with the magic ... i'm going for miami.

kind of hedging your bets eh?
no love for love or aldridge is definitely a bummer. thought that they both deserved to be there, same thing with josh smith. as for the celtics having 4 out of their 5 starters.... wow, i don't know if agree with those decisions either. bullshit they put chris bosh in there at all. maybe next year lamarcus, keep your head up!
since nobody really plays defense on these exhibition games, bosh will be a perfect fit.
i just can't agree with duncan, as much as i love him. he's not having an all-star season, it's as simple as that. and i'm sure he feels the same way. and pop's barely gonna play him. aldridge or love deserved the spot more.

edit: he actually said he thought tony deserved a spot more than him. which i can't argue with.
yea it sure it is
oh man, those sure were fun times. and now we're all older but yet it seems like yesterday. *sigh*
there's still hope for aldridge as they still have to replace yao.
love and aldridge both still have a chance of making it with yao out, but they should have been shoe-ins to begin with. blake's ridonkculous dunks and the all star game being in la was too much for coaches to not put him in the game, but if duncan gets in for legacy reasons, shouldn't they omit griffin and have him wait his turn since this is his rookie season? 
still doesnt justify bosh in the all-star game. defense picks up towards the end. josh smith is more important to the hawks than bosh to the heat. i'd rather see j smooth slamming the ball in the all-star game and coming up with crucial blocks when the game starts to matter, than bosh shooting jumpers and letting durant go by him for a dunk so he doesnt get posterized
well the magic have been really letting me down after that nice streak. it's like they want to win and then they don't, and then they do, and then they don't. 
since your username is parrallax91 i'm assuming you're born in 1991 meaning you are at least a sophomore in college , and here you are cheering about people booing a 16 year old kid , how small is your dick?
maybe the first time in 16 years im going to pass on the all-star game..
his team is dead last in the western conference. as great as he is, the t'wolves' record is too horrible to warrant a position in the all star game
no nash makes me a sad panda. his numbers are at career (actually slightly above), yet he's not an all-star? lammmmmmeeeee.
bbbbuuuurrrrnnnn!!!! someone send him some aloe vera for that burn!
for a guy that never went to college, kobe is surprisingly articulate.
*touche*
he just a naturally bright guy. most people who are similarly intelligent don't have to go to college to learn how to be articulate, it's just inherent. hell, he learned how to speak spanish and italian when his family moved to italy when he was a kid. you have to be kinda smart to be able to pick up not one, but two new languages when you're six years old.
weekend of the griffin- buy all the popcorn your local walmart sells
lebron is 8/8 right now. jeez
he has more money than r/nba combined and can get any girl he wants. i do not feel bad for the kid.
not that they don't deserve it, but if i coached against the celtics i would have voted the entire team to the all-star squad as well. because i'd be hoping they'd get tired or injured.
blake griffin is averaging 23/13/4 on 52% shooting for a team that is at least trending up (14-7 since mid-december).

kevin love is averaging 21/16/3 on 47% shooting for the worst nba team. 

why do you assume that griffin got in over love only because of highlights and venue?
so you think they would be the better team if this were a playoff series, but tonight they just might play poorly?
no, the shot isn't counted as an attempt if the player getting fouled misses the shot. however, if he makes the shot when he gets fouled, it counts as a shot attempt (and make).
it's a free attempt, won't count against you but can work in your favor.
wow. so it's really designed to give the shooter the best percentage possible?
23 points in a quarter and that wasn't even his best performance in his career for a single quarter. oh... and he's 10 for 10 now... insane.
it doesn't help that they start two small forwards.
i doubt he gives a shit.  he knows his fan base isn't 20-40 year old adult males.  he's just there to watch a basketball game, who gives a fuck?
is anyone else chomping at the bits, waiting for boston to face miami, and kg positively annihilating bosh?
add an acl injury in there while you're at it.
wtf? did you nab that shot?
complete bullshit that yao, pau, and bosh are on the team in place of love, aldridge, and boozer.
i guess so. i never really saw it as that, but more that since the player was fouled on the shot, there could be a high chance he missed it because of the foul. maybe it is an attempt to try and get an actual solid shooting percentage out of a player.
yao won't be playing so there's still a spot open. i've read nash is in the running to be replaced which i found strange considering the west would be without a true center.
upvotes for everyone in the nba subreddit!
doesn't conan own all of his own content as part of his agreement?
nba teams need thugs, like nhl teams do. when a player begins to dominate, check in the thug, have him flagrantly foul the hot player, then check him out.
love got robbed!!! fucking bullshit.  glad blake made it, but i can't say that i am surprised given his consistent play.  i honestly feel bad for kevin love.  
man i had no idea how much of a scrapheap charlotte was until i tried to play them in association. matt carroll for crying out loud
91 is actually my favorite basketball player's number (dennis rodman thank you very much) so your assumptions are meh at best and my penis is six inches long, give or take 1/8th of an inch, i call it oberto because it's nothing to write home about, but it gets the job done. although to give you a point it is unseasonably cold where i live right now so there is a large amount of shrinkage going on. have fun calling out people for being crude and immature and then making dick jokes (by far the most immature joke in the joke play book next to fart jokes). also your user name is mc1600, can i assume you were born during the late renaissance/early baroque era and can you share the secret to such amazing longevity?
i've been saying this for years. stern would make up some fancy rule that prevented it though
i disagree. the guy is one of the best talents and future superstars in the game.  he deserved to be on the roster.
geico wants you to post this on reddit
michael jordan has such fine taste in picking talent.  i'm wondering if it's an ego thing with him.
not even close. pippen is a strong second, i think rose may even be 4th or 5th behind some great players like kukoc, kerr, paxton, rodman...
heat = 3 guys who are used to having an offense run through them + a bunch of other (mostly) 1 dimensional guys 

celtics = all around pg (rondo), sharpshooter (allen), mid-range threat (pierce), post players (shaq, garnett). 
no, it's fair.
yes, for sure. in a 7 game series, it'd definitely be a much better game played by the magic. generally, playoffs are much slower. miami's points are often scored in transition, so that isn't going to translate as well for them come playoffs time, especially in a 7 game series.

watching the game right now, lebron went off, but you can definitely see what i mean about the magic not really coming out to play, which definitely seems to be a theme for them these past few games.
i only wish they broadcasted more raps games.
derrick rose is on his way, but there's no way to compare the two. pippen all the way.
i was wondering who the hell was sitting near the heat bench...nice find!

edit: too bad he's not sitting with carlton and terry crews..
jackson isn't a bad coach but imo if you put him on a bad team, they'll still be just as bad before they had him. in other words, he's lucky that he's been coaching teams with some of the best players in the game.
as much as i love derrick rose, i have to completely agree. scottie pippen is one of the 50 greatest players of all-time. his role in the 6 bulls championships cannot be stated enough. his second to none lockdown perimeter defense, his ability to score from anywhere on the court coupled with his in transition game with jordan. jordan and pippen were the 1-2 punch that denied the amazing teams of the 90s championships for a decade.

however, maybe derrick rose can one day reach that level. he's only in his 3rd year and he's already a starting all-star, an mvp candidate, and he's greatly improved his outside game and his defense. improving your weaknesses is a huge part of stepping up to the next level.
it's too early to tell. if rose and noah stay healthy, then they may be comparable to an average man's russell and cousy - certainly good enough to win a championship, but it's hard to top the aura that comes with the 90's bulls/60's celtics. give it a few seasons, and present this discussion again. 
blake griffin got in with the clippers having a losing record.  
jordan and draft picks...
i thought the bulls definitely deserved another player. i think if he had played more of the season booze would have been in for sure.
it's really unfair to use raw shooting percentage given how many 3's love takes.  the better metric is effective shooting percentage, where griffin has 0.522 and love has 0.517.  almost identical.  to me, the 3 boards a game differential is a hell of a lot more impressive than the 2 points/game differential.  

and i think it's unfair to compare their records when you look at the teams surrounding each player.  i think that at every position, i'd take the clipper's players over the t-wolves.  you can't blame love for being stuck with kahn.  

anyway, i believe griffin is an amazing player, and his stats are ridiculous as well.  he may end up being one of the most dominant pfs ever.  but, i agree that the only reason he got in over love this year is that he has flashy dunks and he's from la.  
blake griffin's team is under .500. i don't think your teams importance should play into you being an all-star.
you of all should know the 'jordan rules'
yep nailed it on the head
both of you should just relax, it's just the internet.
i remember seeing this on sportscenter that night...thanks for posting, its often forgot that head coaches are mentors as well as having your back at any moment
that's no caveman.  that's brett favre.
well, the pistons had guys like mahorn and laimbeer to foul him hard if he drove down the lane, and the knicks had guys like oakley and gerald wilkins.

the last true thug in the nba was pj brown, and he was a nice thug, just a tough dude who played hard. 
this has been a dismantling of the magic by the heat.

i dont care what the final score will say, 21 point lead mid way through the 4th quarter. hopefully this will shut everyone up about the "lebron sucks" talk.
i agree, im something of a baseball purist in the sense that if you're racking up the stats, you should be an allstar
lebron doesn't suck as a player, he sucks as a person.

lebron sucks.
sour grapes
not really. 

the evidence of him being an arrogant, selfish prick are all over the place.

he's a great basketball player, but he's a dick.
another national anthem moment, but in baseball.  this one really warmed my heart.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhczrfcjbhw
i agree with pj brown, but remember kenyon martin during his nets days?...well, he might have been just a straight asshole actually..
i have a couple bulls fans as friends. they were slipping all over their own drool with the thought of getting lebron.

it seems that the fans that hate lebron the most are the ones that had "a shot" at signing him. even the players on the teams seem bitter. see derrick rose.
i'm a lakers fan and have been disappointed with their ability to compete against top teams (or any team for that matter) as of late. this seems like an excellent opportunity for the lakers to turn the corner, but will they?

what does /r/nba think? can they pull it together and make a statement tonight or will they continue to struggle?
lakers 1 please
i was drooling in anticipation of d-wade, since he's a hometown guy.

i want lebron to remain an enemy, since i see no redeeming qualities as a man within him.
i remember k-mart back then, shame he got hurt. i love physical play, but i think he was just trying to hurt people, so you're right, he's an ass.
holy the magic made that close
kg is raw, exactly how basketball is supposed to be.  
i hope so.
its just hard because griffin and love are both great players, but in the end blake won because he just more fun to watch and more energetic while still putting up great numbers and consistently. 

i honestly think tim duncan should have his spot replaced with kevin love, duncan is a great player but this season he is below all star caliber in my opinion  
&gt;to me, the 3 boards a game differential is a hell of a lot more impressive than the 2 points/game differential.

that's incredibly arbitrary. if teammates count for wins, why don't they count for rebounds? shouldn't the fact that blake has become the first option on a better team count for something too? 
man that would have been wild if anderson made that shot. 
what exactly has lebron done that makes him a person with "no redeeming qualities"?

seriously, im curious. all i know is he exercised his right as a free agent to play where he wanted. i dont follow the nba as close as i used to, so i dont know all the goings on like i do about the nfl.
and the super sexy bench that could probably start for an 8th seed team. it's amazing the kind of depth they have. 2 solid point guards in delonte west and nate robinson, an awesome backup pf and sixth man in glen davis, a solid shooting guard in daniels and entirely too many decent big men to fill in the paint.

the hardest things for the celtics right now are age of starters and injuries. they're quite stacked though, as evidenced by almost their entire starting lineup being in the all-star game this year (perkins would have probably made it as well if he was in for the entire season).
if nash gets picked by stern to replace yao...

i could see timmy d bowing out for love.  it's classy, gracious, and exactly the sort of thing duncan would do.
google is your friend. i'm not going to go on a rampage attacking the guy, i've done my fair share over the past year or so, or even more, ever since he stormed off the court like a bitch after losing to orlando in the playoffs a few years ago.

congrats on the win tonight, if you're a heat fan.
if you were to compare their level of play at this point in each of their careers, rose is the better player hands down. but ask this question of  any nba fan that was around during the peak of the 90's bulls, and you will get scoffed at. scottie pippen was simply born to be a championship level basketball player, his all around skills, combined with the smoothness on the court, define him as one of the all time greats. he just looked cool while locking down the other teams best perimiter player, and also running the break with mj. 
it sure makes estimating points per attempt annoying.
it's counted as an offensive rebound and shot attempt/made in the box score.
also known as "the joakim noah stat adder" to my brother and i. so many tip-ins when he was playing this year.
zydrunas ilgauskas did this all the time, except he sucked at actually making them.

he'd get 2-3 tips and miss them all in one possession.
you sound almost like a celtics fan based on that first paragraph. ;)
they're just so damn good and i respect good basketball (high percentage shooting, good plays, smart players, and defense). their type of depth is mind blowing. they pretty much have a monopoly on big men in the east with their roster as well.

really hoping to see the bulls vs celtics in the ecf, but at the same time, the celtics will be quite a challenge for my bulls to get past (fucking pistons...)
kevin love is good, but he is not as good as his basketball statistics indicate. people are misled by the gaudy rebound numbers.
anybody else surprised he didn't say "anybody that questions lebron's competitiveness, they must be looking at the game the wrong way"?
really? i think relative to other years it's really no less exciting.
what if somebody throws an alley-oop to themselves off of the backboard?
this thread is relevant to my interests.
so in other words: pretty much the closest thing to a living dinosaur we got
yeah, they just lost to the spurs by one point.
that was a hell of a game. i was having playoff flashbacks in those last minutes of play. 
welp. at least they tried and didn't get massacred this time, so i guess it's ok.
thats just blake griffin with a wig on
this is fucking brilliant. kudos to you sir! 
oy... where to begin...

first, we are still dealing with it in some ways:

[new years 2011 shooting](http://www.oregonlive.com/sports/oregonian/john_canzano/index.ssf/2011/01/canzano_a_tragic_reminder_of_z.html)

there were good times, and some of the antics were just hilarious. damon in particular could pull some stuff that was always good for a laugh. you saw past sheed's craziness when you were this close to title contention. but the darker stuff, the dog fighting, the guns, the hoops family in general... it wasn't worth it. i'll always have an affinity for sheed, damon and stickland. but i will never miss the creepy feeling that comes from wondering how much domestic violence was represented on the court when patterson and dale davis were out there.

that said, there was one shining light: sabonis. he was just the shit. it was in keeping with the blazer big man luck that we didn't get him til he was essentially done but he still had enough skill to make it happen against almost anybody, any night. his wife drove around town drunker than shit all the time, and even traded some of arvydas's shoes to a bar n payment. but other than that there was nothing to not like about that guy.

i guess for me, in basketball terms, it was very similar to our early 90's run. but this time it was with bad guys, guys you didn't feel bad for when they lost. you looked up to drexler and williams and porter and the rest of the earlier team. the jailblazers were just a joke and an embarrassment that happened to be good at winning games. you can see the way it effected the organization. they would rather give max money to a nice guy like roy they know is done than shell out for another bad attitude hard case. i can respect that.

funny aside, listening to bill simons nba podcast last week... he and, i think, john hollinger are talking about z-bo and honestly wondering why okc doesn't pull the trade trigger for him. acknowledging that okc is very determined to cultivate a team with character first they kept saying over and over "why does this guy have such a bad reputation? why wouldn't they take a chance on him?" espn's crack basketball analysis, ladies and gentlemen....

bah, this isn't the all-nba team, this is just an exhibition in february celebrating individual greatness. racking up rebounds like no one since rodman, love's having a phenomenal year. 


i dislike the overemphasis on "team success" for the all-star team.
i agree that 3 years are not enough to match pippen, but the other guys you mention are not even in top 10 of the franchise history :) rose is going to be number 2 and for the sake of basketball lets hope he has a case for number 1 in 5 years.
as a laker fan. that putback by mcdyess hurt. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

what if they question your ability to not be a piece of shit asshole?
[crossposted to /r/pics here](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ff1ig/everyone_talks_about_chris_bosh_looking_like_a/)
pretty sure the first one is an emu. also a rattite, but not the same species. easy mistake.
ask the lakers.

hiyoooooooooo!
hah thanks man! it just came to me, some buddies of mine were talking about the durant/bosh squabble (nothing to do with ostriches at all) and it just, like, manifested in my head. crazy.
i got about 8.5 words into your post title and knew exactly what you were talking about. 

i'm a life long blazer fan, was not there that night but definitely caught the whole thing live on tv. say what you will about cheeks in terms of coaching... but i got that dude's back in a knife fight any day. he was part of the good guy makeover of the blazers that was long overdue and just a genuinely awesome person when he was in town.
i know it is but look at the pose!!! it's perfect! if there were more pictures of screaming emus online, it woulda been chris bosh = emu.
i just wanted to point that the franchise's idea should have worked. the talent is there, but they are out of luck for some years in a row. if they are healthy (why not next year?) they are a contender.
ball above cylinder, no?

http://i.imgur.com/uac8y.jpg
jesus... 1991... college... i am old...
yep. even kobe told pau to step up. 
yep, an exciting game. not the outcome i was hoping for but they only have themselves to blame. hopefully this lights a fire under the lakers going into a long road trip.

well deserved win spurs.
it's rough being on this end of the last second win.
scottie f'n **pippen**

spell his name right, he's earned it.
.01 suck it laker!
i'm really not sure.  i keep up with my cavs news and i've never heard that before i don't think, but i don't see how it couldn't be true.   a friend's mom worked with img (maybe?) or some company involved in some way with the "decision" and some buddy's and i learned he was going to miami a few hours before he announced it live.  i'm sure gilbert knew about it by the time i did, and probably at least a few days prior.  who knows.  i dunno why people still talk about it so often either, especially here in ohio.
is there a better angle and picture? preferably a series of pictures that make clear exactly where the ball was touched.

judging on that picture alone is impossible.
above but outside
i'm not disputing that pau should be an all-star, but he hasn't played at the level that kevin love has. not even close.
awesome, you can even almost spell ostrich using the letters in his name.  chris tosh would work =)
very sexy win.
gasol on his game for once and kobe couldn't shoot a basket. ugh.
well that doesn't seem to make any sense whatsoever. and how can you figure the ball is outside the cylinder in that picture when there's not enough room between mcdyess's arm and the rim for a ball to even fit.
how did you know this would happen.
i will agree with you on that.
took it with a 3gs on my dvr pause screen so it was tough just to get it that close. if you watch it in slow motion his hand hits the ball at .3 seconds which is the time on the clock when the picture was paused. i'm pretty sure they have a view from the top of the backboard but they probably won't release that view now, especially if it were to show there was a mistake made.

how this isn't reviewable is completely beyond me.
mcdyess had his hands all over those last seconds. where was the boxing out lakers? lovin the win. go spurs go!
new nickname: the boshtrich
&gt;d. a player may dribble a second time if he lost control of the ball because of: 

&gt;(1) a field goal attempt at his basket, provided the ball touches the backboard or basket ring

&gt;i. a player who attempts a field goal may not be the first to touch the ball if it fails to touch the backboard, basket ring or another player.


it's a legal move.
how much longer do i have to wait to find out what was going on? i mean did he surgically get the caveman face when the show got picked up on nbc?
i'm not sure but i think it counts as basket interference if more than 50% of the ball is inside the cylinder. that picture seems to show that most of the ball is outside the cylinder, but as you said, it's really hard to tell.

either way, the more concerning thing is nobody boxed him out.
"b. touch the ball when it is above the basket ring and within the imaginary cylinder. "

http://www.nba.com/analysis/rules_11.html?nav=articlelist
that's weird, i was under the impression it was as i stated above. there was an episode of making the call where they explained this and ronnie nunn seemed to think it had to do with how much of the ball was over the cylinder.

here's some videos from the nba video rulebook.

http://www.nba.com/videorulebook/category.html?cid=88

the description of one says "players are not allowed to touch the ball while any part of the ball remains in the cylinder above the basket ring. " so it looks like you're right.
im sorry, rose will never even come close to jordan. ever. nobody will. as for the top ten, i would say he is in it, but its a bit early in his career to tell where he will sit in my book.
this is pretty funny.
also looks like a young snoop.
it's true, other than bogut and howard no one else in the east has dominant centers like the celtics. and their chemistry is so good it's impossible for me not to like them.
dude thats hilarious, i wish i had put that instead.  
  
  

  
you have shamed my famiry on new year's day!
i thought that was the rule as well. i'm find it a bit jarring to learn it is written as "any part" of the ball.
chris bostrich
http://www.nba.com/video/channels/nba_tv/2008/12/23/nba_20081223_makecall_nunn.nba/

this is the clip i was thinking about but it appears to only apply when the ball is rolling off the rim. from the lakerswiz's link it would be this rule

&gt;a. touch the ball or the basket ring when the ball is using the basket ring as its lower base.

which uses a different standard than if the ball isn't rolling off the rim. i'm glad i'm not a ref.
then he got beat and blocked by both lebron and wade in the same game. lebrons block on him was pretty cool though. he sent it out of the building.
christ bosh
at least the spurs needed a shot like that to win. i hope their next meeting will have better results for the lakers.
rockets 3 please, thanks a bunch dude!
when i clicked the link, i was thinking, "this better have been before the game, because you just got fucking waxed."
its funny because he lost.

dwight howard isn't funny. im sorry, he's just not. no matter how hard he tries, no matter how many props he uses, hes still the carrot top of the nba. overrated and not funny.
for the argument **derrick** has also earned at least the recognition :)
fyi: that tip-in counted as an offensive rebound, a made fga, two points, a game-winner, and a buzzer-beater.
.04 &gt; .01  

maths.
&gt;im sorry, rose will never even come close to jordan. ever. nobody will

you *should* be sorry. the fans in the 21st century deserve to see a jordan-like player. and i am not arguing about rose being a hall of famer  now. but he should be.
&gt;rose may even be 4th or 5th behind some great players like kukoc, kerr, paxton, rodman...

if you place paxon and kerr in the top 5 in the bulls history ... well your opinion is not that relevant, is it?
i pm'ed the mods to suggest this be the sidebar pic for tonight and tomorrow: http://d.yimg.com/a/p/sp/getty/d7/fullj.aa3ce9e2ffc51cbd91733117337bc1cc/aa3ce9e2ffc51cbd91733117337bc1cc-getty-103928492hh008_san_antonio_.jpg
they could both make it, if dirk decides to sit out the game to rest the knee as david aldridge has been saying for a few days
at &gt;20 upvotes, this is easily my greatest submission ever, thanks guys!
i still say he looks like a cross between franklin the turtle and a brontosaurus
they both deserve to be there.
i didn't see the game, but, that is an amazing shot.
this can't be real...
why in the fuck is odom smiling? is he high?
spurs got their revenge on the laker's .04 bs
classic manifest destiny moment....
not really, .04 happened in a *playoff* game.
whats up with nba players yelling so much? 
seems more like a grimace to me. he knows he will be chosen as the goat for not boxing out mcdyess.
thank you for making this very important distinction.
you my friend, are a visionary. 
dude i just requested my logo, i went with the blue rocket!
awesome!

it's tough being a rockets fan these days but eventually they'll get back on top.
funny how i've been downvoted eh? it seems like there's a lot of irrational kg fans out there, even when i'm making a sound argument. i guess that's why i deduced that sports fans of things that get a large majority of their user base involved with advertising are stupid. 
they must be looking at the game the wrong way.
don't sleep on steve nash, he is actually as deserving as the others.
*rebuttal
it's counted as a missed fg attempt, offensive board, made fg.
you would think people would learn by now, if you want to beat lebron.  **do not make him angry**

when he's angry he's better than jordan.  normal lebron will choke under pressure.
you would think people would learn by now, if you want to beat lebron.  **do not make him angry**

when he's angry he's better than jordan.  normal lebron will choke under pressure.
i wish the east could give some of their spots to the west this year...
i always thought he looked like the na'vi, those avatar people. well, except for the fact he is not blue, of course.
um for starters he lied to the city of cleveland for years promising he would stay and bring cleveland a championship,  when the truth was him wade and bosh had been planning for years to all sign in miami in 2010. then he made us all watch his one hour tv special just so he could shit all over us in the most public humiliating manner possible. he also decided to name his tv special "the decision" alluding to "the drive", "the fumble" and "the shot." just to rub it in clevelands face that much more.

just for starters.

he also decided to quit in the 2nd round of the playoffs and fake an injury.

he also colluded with pat riley, dwayne wade and chris bosh breaking numerous tampering rules in the process
jerry slone was pretty good back in the day.
come on! why would you miss rose/lj/wade/amare/kobe/cp/blake ... it is a show after all. 
your parents have shamed you by naming you gorirra butt!
gasol let tony parker drive it in for the and 1. i don't call that being "on his game."
well, he's an all-star ostrich, again.
lakers won the 'ship and spurs won a regular season game in revenge? okay :)
i'm not sure if you were watching the game in the 80's and 90's. the amount of dirty play in the 80's was huge compared to how it is now and all the fights in the 90's and in the beginning of 2000's make the game look like golf nowadays in comparison.

that's how the celtics won the championship.. they played rougher than the lakers and it's gotten into all of their heads.. the only true class player on the celtics team is ray allen but still i don't think that makes the rest of them douches.

it's also unhealthy to idolize human beings.. that's why gods were invented.

btw that block was sick.
pretty sure it works.. just look at how have the celtics played without kg.
yes it is.
yes!  people forget that yao isn't actually going to be playing, so there's one more spot out west.  i'd like to see kevin love get it.
maybe because its a bunch of guys sitting around talking as opposed to any actual analysis?

i mean, really, people are complaining about kobe not getting help?  earlier _this season_ people were talking about how the lakers were ridiculously deep and far more loaded than they have been in the past.

if you don't think kobe's ballhoggery doesn't demoralize his teammates, then you haven't watched this team for the past three seasons. 

not that any of that matters.  they are the best team in the west, they'll pull together by the playoffs and they will probably win another title.  no other team that has _ever_ won a title has had such weird in-season lulls, but it just seems to be one of those things the kobe-lead lakers have always done (i'm never sure if it is a product of kobe or of phil jackson).  it wouldn't work for other teams.
why do you think he's not as good as his numbers?  just because his team has been bad?  
by who?  duncan?  yeah...duncan definitely robbed somebody.
&gt;even kobe told pau to step up.

that's funny.  you almost make it sound like kobe being critical of his teammates is unusual.
aldridge has been good, but not _that_ good.  love has been amazing.  i don't see any rational reason to keep love out and put duncan in.  was duncan listed as a c and love a pf?
a game won on the last roll of the dice
i think pau gasol is more of an ostrich than bosh. 

good argument, nonetheless.
how's this for specific...scoreboard!
"i went to get the rebound, but i was high. we lost with .01 because i was high. because i got high, because i got high, i waaas hiiigh!"
[good lord. firstly, i've never tried to do anything like this before, so sorry if it sucks (literally, i downloaded software and read shit online to do this). secondly, i spent much longer on this than i care to say. enjoy!](http://i.imgur.com/5h6lx.jpg)
related: if a player misses a shot but it is tipped in, is the missing player credited with an assist?
i cannot believe i am the only one on here so far who is going to mention zach randolph.  the guy is averaging 20 and 13 on a winning team.  i know griffin and love are doing great, but their numbers are inflated because their teams suck, and z-bo's numbers are better than aldridge's.
chris bosh is proof evolution is real!
it'll be fun for drunk fans to try to spit that word out.
i'm thinking the ostrich is directly evolved from the velociraptor. they had feathers, right?
i hate the lakers, but they'll bring their game to the playoffs
the point of them having this is so that people can watch games out of their market. i see enough of the raptors on tsn and stuff.
grown ups booing a freakin kid for just doing nothing - best fans ever.
chris bosh looks like a turtle.
gasol is a llama. 
this homophobic thread has turned out to be much more homo-erotic than i thought.
this was the year dwight promised to be more serious and focus on winning.
i totally just submitted this to tbj, i'll be sure to give all credit to you gorillabutt
if he stay'd in toronto nobody would have given a fuck... 

haha bosh, you got your exposure.
what is tbj?
the basketball jones, a sportscentre broadcast
he tries. 

i honestly don't mind, he plays like a beast and him being that "nice, funny guy" won't ever make him one of the greatest ever but hes still a beast on the court. 

edit: holy run on sentence, but i won't fix it. 
yep he sucks. 
although i don't agree with your standpoint, i do think you made a sound argument. but hey, that's reddit for you.
no, not because his team is bad, but because of an admittedly (and necessarily) subjective evaluation of his skills set. he's a tenacious rebounder, but his defense, speed and underdeveloped post game place him behind other all-star caliber players. his outside shooting has really improved skills-wise (not necessarily stats wise, as fg% taken during a game is contextual), though, since his rookie year.
i wish he just would stop attacking sam neil and those kids...
http://www.moltenhotlavabomb.com/post/2912367934/boshiraptor
agreed. i think normal lebron is your average lebron scoring 25 every game but when the game is personal to him, he goes apeshit.
http://i.imgur.com/uac8y.jpg
miami heat 1 thanks!
i love the look on kobe's face. that's the typical "nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo god damnit!" feeling. 
i'm not exactly sure what you're trying to show here.
ball was still over the cylinder when it was touched.
horford's listed as a center. in the east, that means you have a much better shot at getting in. after dwight, there isn't exactly a surplus of good centers.
whoa. yeah.
&gt;it's tough being a rockets fan these days

lol.
yea, said it before and will say it again. was a huge fan of kg but not as much anymore due in light of him being a dick.
[like a bosh](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2--ug4qmla0)
no. it's just a missed shot.
apparently nash is going to be top choice to replace yao so don't get your hopes down! i want nash in there too!
keep your head up lamarcus! that all-star game means so much to that guy it's unbelievable. 
i would like to go through with this transaction each and every time. 
i think odom has more of a [nooooooooo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwalxfivx1s) face. after all, mcdyess went around him to get that tip.
those two and only those two had feathers.
he might feel more in his element at the dunk contest. as a spectator.
agreed, but there is cause for concern. their record against teams ahead of them in the standings is now 1-6. they've been pretty bad at home, and if there were a game that they'd get up for, particularly after losing to boston at home, it would be yesterday's against san antonio.

i realize that a mcdyess tip-in is the minute difference between panic mode and 'chill out man, we're cool,'  but next week's game in boston now becomes pretty big for them. they'll make some noise in the playoffs as always, but there not bulletproof as in years past. 
bulls
&gt;you would think people would learn by now, if you want to beat lebron. **wait until he chokes in the playoffs**

ftfy
he's given that look more than he's gotten. good win for the spurs. they are tearing it up.
and the .04 wasn't really bs. it was clean, just unfortunate for us.
rodman and kerr and kukoc aren't in the top 10? 

care to list yours? 
how old are you and when did you start watching the bulls? while i agree rose is already top 5 but the other guys wern't scrubs. 

edit: kukoc is regarded as one of the best 6th man in the league, ever.
part of goaltending rules:
c. for goaltending to occur, the ball, in the judgment of the official, must have a chance to score.  
if a ball is on its way out, which the ball clearly is, then it is fair game. at any rate i disagree that the ball is even over the cylinder, that's just an awkward angle of shot in that picture.  
edit: just for the hell of it, here are the rules on goaltending. http://www.nba.com/analysis/rules_11.html
...and just saying. shes grown into a hotty.
in practice, the cylinder rule seems to be called more like "if 50% of the ball is outside of the cylinder, it's ok". i've seen a lot of allowed putback dunks where the ball is partly above the cylinder (but mostly not).
i agree, but i'd add "if 50% of the ball is outside the cylinder, and the ball is on its way out with no chance to score, it's ok".  
that being said, i think there are far more questionable calls than this one. 
stockton to malone.
nash to stoudemire seems like an obvious candidate for best alley-oop duo.
that was sweet
most definitely. we were pretty lucky that kobe wasn't playing as good as he can. 
and then what did lebron do? made his first 11 shots and put up 51... keep pissing him off, please!
lol rose for a case for number 1 in 5 years. ha ha hahaa... man i know you bulls haven't had much light in the past years and rose is the first sign of life in awhile, but damn...calm down. rose is good but he ain't that good.
exactly wat i was thinking...how old is this guy? anybody who followed the nba and the bulls in the 90's can't dare compare what they were against what they are now. jordan and pippen were lebron and dwade squared. jordan and the bulls transcended nba. 

rose? he's good but don't get too excited because he's a top mvp candidate. he's got a list of great nba players much ahead of him before he can be compared to jordan.
[the spanish armada](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pssuwa_5zcw&amp;feature=related) sergio rodriguez to rudy fernandez.
ok:

*1. mj (like there is a question)

*2. scottie (also by far)

*3. derick rose (i believe he will go up soon)

*4. jerry sloan (never watched him, but see his card)

*5,6,7 norm van lier, chet walker and bob love (maybe equal members of the first serious bulls - multiple all stars)

*8. rodman 

*9. gilmore  

*10. grant



i don't agree that paxton and kerr deserve to be in the top 10 only for one memorable shot. really, do you remember any other play? 
also being from eastern europe i am heavily biased towards kukoc, but he wasn't even an all star. he won the best 6th award and that's it. again, i really love his play, and he is a local hero.

nah i don't question that call. i don't really get down on refs, i think they are doing as best as they can, and that their job is one of the toughest to be right and/or consistent. reffing ain't easy.
of course they weren't. i watched them play in the 90s. 
but let me quote the post i commented: 
&gt; i think rose may even be 4th or 5th behind some great players like kukoc, kerr, paxton, rodman...

if rose is 5th, behind kukoc, kerr, paxton and rodman ... that leaves no space in top 5 for mj, pippen and sloan. i am sorry, but i can't agree with that. 
word, thanks man, hit me up with a link if they use it!
rule c is for shots towards the basket, not offensive interference rules.

if rule c was for situations like that which occurred last night there would be many more plays at the rim in that manner and many of them wouldn't be waved off. if the balls above the cylinder and it's touched it's a violation, there's no subset of that rule.
rose is not lebron. but lebron was a monster when he entered the league and stayed there. rose entered the league heavily flowed and has improved. i won't give up on him, because the way he works is a sign for great things to come for us (the fans). give him some more years, as we don't really know where is the limit.
fake tough guy
lol if you think this is goal tending 
agreed.

reign man and the glove. 

no contest!
well that's not true at all. where are you getting this interpretation?
the fact that the nba is talking about changing the rules where you're allowed to touch the ball when it's in the cylinder. they wouldn't have to change the rules if they were already that way.
while the call may be technically wrong, it's pretty much how it's officiated, and i have no problem with it, i'd take it if bynum had tipped it in like that to win.

players also carry the ball pretty much all game, if read by the rules.

the lakers were lucky enough that ginobili missed that open three, and parker missed a 3 foot tear drop, they didn't deserve to win this game because of their mediocre defense on the last possession. four spurs had a shot to win the game, and mcdyess made his.
idk how anyone could say that it's not. if the ball is above the cylinder, it's goal tending.
mad because david stern is trying make the game less emotional.
nice try, kevin durant disguised as a celtics fan!
seeing that made me not feel so bad about that alley-oop we allowed to blake griffin the other night.
somehow, i think phil jackson is the reason behind all of this as he sits back and trolls the nba into thinking the lakers don't have it anymore.  they'll probably find a way to get back into the finals and win another larry o'brien trophy.
i just don't see how a shot like this isn't re-viewable at the last second. 
[i guess you could say that you've inspired me](http://i.imgur.com/zdolh.jpg)
curry is such a ridiculous shooter that he almost accidentally made that.
few more similar questions:

* can an airball become an alleyhoop? is it considered a missed fg, offrdb and fg. or is it an assist?

* is an airball that goes out of bounds without anyone touching it a missed fg or a to?
i was upset lakers gave that away i was happy they came out to finally beat a top team... they did just that and they let that shit happen - odom should of box out regardless. 

what touch, just so effortless.
i really wish the nba would quit allowing the coaches to pick the reserves.  that should be determined based on 2nd place, 3rd place, etc. in votes based on position.  i think popovich picked a good reserve squad except for pau gasol.  lamarcus aldridge should be in his place.

i was going to trash doc rivers' picks, but couldn't think of anybody better in the east.
 realistically though, even if you go tried to pick the next 3 or 4 more deserving players from the east, they would still be coming off the bulls, hawks, knicks, and maybe magic.
i vastly prefer the coaches picking the reserves.

one year yi jianlian finished 3rd or 4th in all star voting for east forwards. that would have been a travesty.
that's twice in a row he's crapped the bed against the spurs though.
i always thought he looks like a turtle myself
wow, that's incredible.  any chance that it was just meant to be a regular fast break pass, but it just happened to be at the perfect spot for him to dunk it?
there were times watching the game last night that i'd think "how the hell was that a foul?!" and then i'd rewind it (aw yeah dvr) and see what the refs saw. how they catch some things is beyond me, so friggen fast. 
go china!  personally, i would have liked to see yi play with the all-stars, even though his performances are not even close to being an all-star.
hey, let's let this 10 year old play with the varsity team. it will be awesome.
not if my spurs have anything to say about it. that being said, the lakers will be fine. the top seeded team in their respective conference doesn't ensure a championship. the lakers aren't playing to their potential, but they will be bringing their game to the playoffs. i have little doubts about that.  
then again, so will everyone else. 
andre miller, classless. 
mcdeez nuts.
forget aldridge, what about kevin love!?
i agree with you... to an extent. just disagree with you saying rodman, kerr and kukoc are not even in the bulls top 10.
in the nba today - baron davis and blake griffin
this is my &lt;current&gt; [top 10](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fexga/derek_rose_vs_scottie_pippin/c1fhmsc)

edit: heh, the link is an answer to your post :)
nah, you can totally see dorell wright signaling for the alley. 
dae think this is a troll-post?

i mean the op just placed it here, with both names spelled wrong and the question itself is ... well trolly :) and while "derek/derrick" is believable, "pippin" is outrageous in /r/nba.

 i've obviously fallen for it as i generated some negative karma here. 


ah, you are correct, didn't notice
hopefully stern names love as yao's replacement.
well thanks, i wish there was a subreddit outside of main ones that if you downvoted someone you commented on why you did, that would be great for discussion in my opinion. 
andre miller is a boss.
has kevin love helped his team to a positive record and a play off position with brandon roy, greg oden, and marcus camby out?
pondering the same question. i feel like he's too much of a risk to keep but not enough to drop. difficult position.
he's definitely one of the classier guys in the nba and all of his points are completely valid.
guys like arenas is cancer for fantasy teams. in competitive leagues, guys like arenas are barely too good to drop...but not good enough to start, and dont hold much trade value. whats frustrating is that there are in most cases, waiver players who get more production than arenas.

i say hold onto for now unless there is a good waiver pickup. if you got barbosa in waiver, keep an eye on him as he should be back from injury tonight.
purely alley-hoops i think of chris paul and tyson chandler that one year, thats all they did. also kidd/kenyon on the nets
i'm thinking up picking up taj gibson for him but hes being off/on too
bravo. i spit out my drink reading the last panel.
yeah taj is iffy. whats frustrating about him is that he started off the season pretty strong. with boozer out, he was getting some solid minutes but ever since, he's been off and on.

if you're looking for a pf or sf to pick up some rebounds, do you have carl landry on waiver? if so, i'd say he's a pretty solid pickup at this point. i've been eyeing him in my league. he just got dropped and in waiver but the only person to really drop for is oj mayo and its been real tempting but i'm still unsure.
i'll take this opportunity to say that i have a man-crush on stephen curry.
awesome pass. 
his defense is sub-par but i'd say his offensive contributions easily make up for that.  his defensive rebound rate is so far ahead of everyone else it's absurd and those rebounds take away extra possesions so i don't think he's as bad as you think he is.  

speed? low post moves? those are not valid arguments in my opinion.  if you are trying to figure out the best players then these attributes matter but the all-star game is about who has played the best.  

also, his per is 24.54 which is good for 6th in the league.  
no, but he's leading the league in rebounding with 15.5rpg (dwight at 2nd, averaging 2 less per game). and he's putting in 21 points a night to go along with it. he's shooting a decent 0.472 with 0.439 from 3!! 0.870 from the line isn't bad either.
not if my rockets have anything to say about it. that being said, the spurs will be fine. not seeded team in their respective conference doesn't ensure a championship. the rockets ~~aren't playing to their potential~~ are playing above their potential, given the circumstances, but they will be bringing their game to the next few games...hopefully.
your spurs are scary good this year.  i'm still mad about us blowing that 17 point lead we had on you a few months ago.
this is a good site to learn about the [utility of per](http://skepticalsports.com/?p=1117/) in player performance evaluation.
jason kidd to vince carter
nah. try telling that to clipper fans after he mailed it in 10 games into the season and stunk it up. blue collar doesn't try to spear a player on the court. blue collar doesn't bitch about never being an all star. fuck andre miller. 
and to think i celebrated when him, ray and paul joined forces and then won a championship at last. 


you know what's sad? his bullying is eclipsing what a great player he still is. 
i do not think his "bullying" is eclipsing anything about his skill as a basketball player. i have to disagree with that.
that was pretty good. [stacey king](http://www.nba.com/bulls/stacey-king-soundboard.html) cracks me up.
i was trying to trade him for dorell wright earlier in the season because i have other players that fill similar roles. now i know for sure that trade will never happen.

lately i've been using jose calderon in his place, whom i actually picked up off free agency. i'm basically keeping arenas on my bench for the rest of the season, unless he improves.
he wasn't a bad coach, when he had talent the blazer were in the 50 win area.
firewalled and can't see [this](http://www.nba.com/video/channels/nba_tv/2008/12/23/nba_20081223_makecall_nunn.nba/) right now. the description is "making the call: in the cylinder or not? ronnie nunn helps you understand how referees determine whether a ball is in the cylinder or not."  

so what's the verdict?
his reputation as a sportsman is much different and much worse than it was two or three years ago.
have arenas as well in my 12 man league...hes definitely not contributing much ever since he got traded to orlando and probably has a good game every 10-12 games or so. i realize i should trade him but no one on as free agents are experienced as he is. hopefully he picks things up after the all star break (which probably wont happen lol)
have arenas as well in my 12 man league...hes definitely not contributing much ever since he got traded to orlando and probably has a good game every 10-12 games or so. i realize i should trade him but no one on as free agents are experienced as he is. hopefully he picks things up after the all star break (which probably wont happen lol)
happy reddit birthday tazb.
people think michael jordan is a douche. but they also think he was the greatest ever. that's about as bad as kg's legacy could ever go. people may think he's a dick as a person, but that very rarely affects how people think of him as a player.
haha thanks! 
landry is a fa right now i'm looking into him not sure yet
i dont know man i'm losing all hope for him i used to love agent 0 too
yes, because lebron hitting jump shots was dwight's fault. magic damn near forced ot and it isn't like lebron and wade weren't in the game. comeback was legit. 
once again proving that the gods of basketball are starting to shine on our warriors....i hope
i thought of it after seeing pau get a tip in, unfortunately i stopped watching after the third quarter so didn't even know how it ended:(
i hope the heads change their mind about trading away curry. i hope we can keep both monta and steph. biedrins' looking better now, but we still need a big man presence at center just to grab boards and contest shots in the paint. 
the all-star coaches don't unilaterally pick the reserves, every coach fills out a ballot. coaches are not allowed to vote for their own players. i can't imagine how you think the fans would do a better job.
the all-star game is nothing more than a popularity contest.  i think it should be consistent all the way in roster picking.
kg is an obvious hall of famer.

and you're right, jordan is a bit douchey, but on the court, i don't remember him ever being "bush-league". i don't think there is a strict definition for "bush-league", nor do i think there should be, it's more of an informal social agreement of what is considered unacceptable behavior during a game. and yes, it's subjective. an elbow chop to the chin ("cheap shot"), is considered to be more acceptable than lightly tapping another player's genitals, even though the former's impact may be much more harmful than the latter.
that's an interesting post, however, i think the overall point in the article only emphasizes that per _underestimates_ kevin love's contributions to his team.  like rodman, love's skills are _exceptional_ and are poorly rewarded by per.

i don't see him as a particularly poor defender relative to other all-stars.  i mean, that is a list that includes amare, bosh, yao and (on any given year) al jefferson.
i respect kg more than i respect jordan. let me just leave it at that. in my opinion you can't tarnish your legacy with your actions more than jordan has. and that being said, jordan's legacy is not that bad even though as a person he sucks.
they dissected an example to show us how the call works. basically, a ball was tipped in while it was rolling off the rim. the expert said it was very close, but, because the "belly of the ball" was still over the rim, and the "lower base" was still the rim, it was offensive basket interference. when applied to mcdyess', we can see that the tip-in was 1) more outside of the cylinder than this example, and 2) not in contact with the rim. because of this, mcdyess' should stand, at least based on this video.
thanks! i was telling y'all that's how it's officiated in practice! not that you disagreed with me, rileyhart.
well blake griffin made the allstar entirely for monetary and publicity reasons so lamarcus is 100% more blue-collar than blake. 

but at the end of the day lamarcus plays for a winning club with a history of being a good team (except jail blazers) with the best fans in the nba and the longest sellout streak in sports history. and blake plays for a shit team that's never had anything going for them ever. lamarcus deserved it way more than blake since lamarcus is actually making a team go somewhere. while what does blake do? highlight reel and a losing record. what an all-star! i love blake as much as the next guy but no reason to idolise him during his first season with a terrible team and he hasn't done anything to actually improve them except for jersey sales.
well are we talking about on the court, or off the court? off the court, kg seems like an upstanding guy. on the court, his antics have made him less likable, although he remains a great player.
if that is true, if you are heat fan, wouldn't your best strategy be to pretend to be an opposing fan, and heckle the crap out of him every game?
i guess that is the rub.

personally, i don't weigh on-court antics all that much. i find artest genuinely delightful. he's a crazy person, and you can't really do much worse on-court as artest did. the only thing that a player can really do on-court that bothers me is flopping.

if you're a douche off-court then, yeah, that'll pretty much do it for me. if you're going to be arrogant or eccentric off-court go for the hilarious charles barkley route. not the bitter dickface jordan route.

so yeah, i don't really care about kg's on court antics. i kind of just think he's a crazy person who happens to play basketball really well.
both of them deserve to be all stars. bosh does not belong in it.
&gt;i find artest genuinely delightful. he's a crazy person, and you can't really do much worse on-court as artest did.

most of that was done off the court, literally. :)
didn't pippen average like 3 steals for his career or something ridiculous?
spain is pretty good at basketball and soccer.
[the coopaloop](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcr0qt2nzvq)
what kg did was clearly a punk move and it's hard to deny that but that is not enough to tarnish his legacy. if you look at his skills, achievements and overall personality, you have to let this one slide. it's hard for us to imagine what a player like kg or any other player at this level of the game is going through. at moments like these we are all susceptible to a lapse in judgment. but i say it's high time we moved on...
i got an ad at the beginning of that tyler perry show...
i lol'd... thanks for that.
great idea. let me just text lebron.
i'm going to wait until the trade deadline to do something with gilbert. i also have ariza and might have to dump him with his ankle injury. 
blake griffin is blue collar. he plays with intensity. he works to get better every day. i'm not knocking on lamarcus, buddy. i'm not knocking on the blazers, pal. my beef is with andre miller. not lamarcus, not with portland. you're telling me a rookie that broke franchise records in double doubles, points scored and season averages of 20/10/3 doesn't deserve an all star nod? a kid who scored 47, with only one dunk, pulled 14 is only named an all star for monetary purposes? a franchise player that has single handedly turned said franchise around his rookie year. granted they aren't in the playoff picture but baby steps. but espn did just drop the lal vs por game for lac @ no. 
can you call lamarcus a franchise player? no. 
shit team? yeah, they had misfortunes in the past. he's the real deal. look past the highlight dunks. the logo himself wouldn't trade him for anyone. not lebron, kd, kobe...hell not even lamarcus. 
once again, my beef is with andre. 
i whole heartedly believe love and lamarcus deserve to be there. but so does blake. 
and the coaches believed so too. 
he has nothing on [tony p.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wuejx3ty9s)
it's not only one lapse in judgment, it's the cumulative effect of the jose calderon barking, getting in the face of luke ridnour, taunting from the bench, the "cancerous" charlie villanueva situation, and now this.

i don't think it tarnishes his basketball legacy, more his reputation as a sportsman. a fan could say they don't give a f---, and i'm sure kg doesn't either. but it's still apparent that his reputation as a sportsman has taken a hit among coaches, players, and opposing fans in the past few years. contrast that with say, derek fisher, one of the more illegal players in the game. for all his flopping, he is still respected as a sportsman.
i found this one, nastier :d http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47vlce11wdm&amp;feature=related
really? did you watch the game? they got hot and drained 3's late which was too little too late, after getting dominated
can you imagine if griffin was on warriors?
whether you think he's funny or not, he's helping the nba by being entertaining.  that's why the san antonio spurs have a hard time getting the same kind of attention dwight and lebron get.
damn you mcdyess
what's with the unicorn thing?

otherwise, great video.
4 hours later, he does.  the day is saved.
[nice try, blazers fan!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaa8mlz8aj0)
a game is 48 minutes right? or do you follow different rules? magic didn't beat up a 2nd string to fight back, they beat the starters. 
well deserved! at least the west squad is varied..
i.e luol deng
i am glad for him, if anyone deserved it at this point, it would be him. 
okay
i like the way lamarcus responded to this snub.  he praised the people that got into the game ahead of him.  as a fan, this is what you want to see from your all-star caliber performers.  class.
i could not have said it better. 

as a rookie scoring over 20 a game, with a high of 47, rebounds above 10, with the second highest amount of double doubles short of kevin love, and assists, his stats are nothing to scoff at. 

winning records mean nothing to an all star. all star refers to a player, not a franchise. kevin love is a great player, easily an all star. as is blake griffin, they both are helping rebuilding broken franchises. 

and as for improving the team, 20 points, 10 assists, and being one of the hardest players to defend does not help? 

but hell, what do the west coast coaches know?
what is wrong with biedrins? i'd like a fans perspective, because he should be playing better. 
flashbacks of off the backboard alleyoops to half man half amazing from the legendary jason kidd
not in the alley-oop category, but they are definitely the best pick and roll duo ever. 
justice has been served!
agreed, but griffin is pulling 85% of the weight for that duo. baron's spot in the duo could be replaced by bledsoe or gordon in a year.
i'm going to go with chris paul and blake griffin, since my top two duos were chris paul and whoever he's passing to, and blake griffin and whoever's passing to him.
wow all 50 of the people in those stands were going nuts.
he wanted to get a duncan, but he only had time for the tip.
it doesn't matter who is guarding who, when a team starts jacking up 3's without missing, that's not defendable.. besides, the heat were up by over 20 with 6 minutes to go and then fell asleep. so if you want the moral victory that the magic won the last 6 minutes, take it.
nice, though i think it's kind of weird that the commissioner picks the replacement instead of the coach. maybe it's just me.
i just recently found this subreddit but i think it would be great to have game threads.
agreed, there's no way all 4 of the celtics starters deserve to be in
you greatly underestimate the shittiness of the east conference bottom seeds. 
we have match threads for a lot of the big games. this subreddit is pretty civil without a lot of trash talking though, which i like a lot.
[nikola](http://www.twolvesblog.com/images/stories/collegewolf/pekovic.jpg) [pekovic](http://www.adriaticbasket.com/slike/slike-vijesti/nikola_pekovic.jpg)
i love andris. he's been playing better these last couple games, but he needs to keep it up and be more physical. sometimes when i watch him, i feel like he's afraid of injuring himself. if he could gain some weight, that'd be awesome too. 
i always wondered what the dubs would be like if they had griffin instead of curry. 
for some reason, i laughed really loud to this comment. are you really that funny??
the thunder also had a good shot at the #1 pick that year. they ended up with james harden at #3. can you imagine the thunder with blake?
i'm suprised he doesn't coach the heat.
rudy got gyped during the dunk contest.
happy birthday tazb...have a good one

arenas is a baller lets not forget...he's just having a tough time transitioning to magic's o and nelson doesnt help much either. feel like he's timid at times :/ i doubt arenas will even get enough minutes to produce his washington stats again anyways..
i'm glad, if only because r/nba would have had another hissy fit if he was snubbed for the replacement spot.
"i make love to pressure" -- stephen jackson.

the freedarko store had a nice t-shirt of that, but it seems to have disappeared.  so instead here's some of their fantastic [limited-edition prints](http://freedarkostore.bigcartel.com/category/prints-limited-edition)
[surprise bu.....ಠ_ಠ](http://www.freewebs.com/free-offers/basketball-player-sandwich.jpg)
&gt; the amount of dirty play in the 80's was huge compared to how it is now and all the fights in the 90's and in the beginning of 2000's make the game look like golf nowadays in comparison.

dirty play and acting like a classless buffoon after you make a block are two different things altogether. garnett has exhibited this trait for many years, literally barking at other players, pretending like he was going to bite another player's arm, punching a player in the crotch...

in the 80s and 90s the "dirty play" was hard nosed defense and not letting a guy dunk on you. and by not letting a guy dunk on you that meant going up and slamming them with your body, knocking them to the floor - not punching them in the nards or going in teeth first.

garnett is a punk. if he acted this way on the playground he would get his teeth knocked in.
make that 2 seconds.  :(
[reggie evans](http://www.sportsgrindent.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/reggieevans.jpg)
he has definetely improved in the shooting game these days, but i would rather him shoot rarely and perform as opposed to shooting often and underperforming. 
by doing so, kidd usually goes under the radar while people like dirk gets double or triple-teamed. 
tyson chandler was the only logical choice. unbelievable david stern. dont get me wrong love is a great player but if you look at the numbers and impact on his given team/league this is a ridiculous snub.  
he coaches the refs.
no love for lamarcus :(
but if he shot more wouldn't dirk or terry get more open looks, because the defense would be worried about him shooting too? take westbrook, or nash for an example. defense goes crazy about them.

edit: grammar
i'll go with... http://i.imgur.com/kvklj.jpg
atdhe.me for future reference.
damn east, you weak!!

(regarding the teams overall)
ok i get that, but it's still a moral victory for spurs fans
david stern making the right decision? am i getting trolled?
celtics 2. thanks a bunch
good on him - i think love is one of those players that helps his team in numerous ways, not even counting stuffing the statsheet.  15.5 boards, 21 points and a 24.6 per so far this season?  anyone know when the last player to end the season with 15+ boards per game was?  recently, the only player to surpass that was rodman, and k.love is shooting a wee bit better (.439 from 3-pt) than rodman has ever dreamed of.

as a wolves fan, i've watched another franchise player excel over here in "flyover country" during his best years, and i think love's best years are still ahead of him.  he's definitely worth watching in person (though not to the level that kg was during his prime years....yet)
well it's much easier to rebound when your partner in the post is darko milicic.
sweet.  but david stern is a conniving, sleazy troll.  he saw the reaction of the nba fan base and this move immediately to save some face.  i do not like that dude one bit. 
ben wallace was the last one to average over 15 rpg, in 02-03 (15.4 rpg). if love finishes the season over 20/15, he'd be the first person to do so since moses malone in 82-83. when you factor in his three point shooting, no one's comparable to him. 
are you being vague on which you're referring to on purpose? because most games tonight seem to have been close. 
i only watched the atl v lac game and the refs were incompetent in that one. they couldn't decide off who the ball was off with seconds left so they call a jump ball. foye v joe johnson. atl wins tip off. lac fouls
inbound play. horford cuts to the basket for a game tying dunk, is met by griffin, arms straight up, no intention to harm horford, and has a nasty spill. refs call flagrant foul. bs!
sorry, guess i got sloppy typing the stats (meant to type 15.5), but i guess my point is that it's really been great to watch several great rebounders here in mn (kg, jefferson, love) that all have drastically different approaches to the art.

as for his d, i'd argue that he's a very positionally aware player - he always knows where he's supposed to be.  scoring opportunities on offense are often created by an offensive player catching someone out of position and love knows where/when to help and where his help is coming from.  while he's never going to be a great one-on-one defender (or even a deterrent to slashers), i think his presence does help the overall team defense.
think you're downplaying bdiddy just a bit. bdiddy, while not amazing, has been a good pg throughout his career. he's old and been off and on with health issues but the man deserves credit. bledsoe and gordon don't have near the experience or pg wit that davis has. don't remember bledsoe's starting games this season?
on another note...god damn, watching this video still puts me in disbelief that sonics are gone...
i wouldn't be surprised if they bring back isiah thomas as a consultant for the knicks and just do the complete opposite of what he says.
how is it homophobic? i'm a little naive on the subject if all things bieber, are there gay jokes that go about with bieber.
not shooting works for him and rondo so i guess there's no reason for kidd to get so worked up over his shooting because i'd imagine he's more concerned with his health.

but i agree that he would be deadly if he shot more.

he bears an eerie resemblance to willem defoe
$100,000 a month? 
absolutely ridiculous 
i feel like there's a meta-game of ref management that the fans never get to really see. players and coaches are constantly pulling refs aside to voice their concerns, and as a result one of two things can happen. sometimes refs seem to make consolation calls in instances where it could go either way. smart players will take advantage of this by driving hard to the basket right after getting shortef because they know they'll get that consolation block called. other times it comes down to players being smart enough to avoid the kinds of calls that refs happen to be cracking down on in that particular game. when it seems heavily one-sided, it's usually because one team isn't smart enough to adjust their playstyle.
sounds familiar. magic drain 3s without missing= undefendable. lebron making non stop jumpers without missing= undefendable. so does that take away substance from the heat's 20 point lead? 
good.
i think the love is there...kevin love, that is.
yeah, i mean, i was referencing 1 particular game tonight, but felt it was better to leave it out, because this problem extends further than just 1 game.

if you were curious, it was the phoenix game. this one ref was pissed at nash, so he calls a late foul on him which sealed the game. 
do da creep, haaaaah... do da creep, haaaaah...
willum defoe, willum defoe
it wasn't flagrant, but it was definitely a foul. they were two huge guys who collided, griffin was going for the block, he missed. it's not like the clippers would do anything with that .6 seconds.
so thats how it is, j smoove even gets snubbed from the all-snubbed team.
it was a foul. i agree. 
and a lot has happened in less than .6
cook can hit a 3 in that time. 
hahaha
huge snub the wolves have 11 wins. who the hell cares how many boards you get when your team loses 75% of the time?
same stuff used in young vs old michael jordan ads. not too much of a difference. pretty cool nonetheless. best is durant's where he's just wtf is the old man talking about.
no one outside of the spurs, celtics, magic, heat, and lakers have a chance at winning the finals. should we only select all-stars from those teams since no other team's season really matters?
are you trolling or you actually think tyson chandler is an all-star level player? super homer.
i hope love gets 25 rebounds while the east blows the west out of the water.
hilariously they changed it to [atdhenet.tv](http://atdhenet.tv)
well at least the raptors won
yeah, or a griffin oop from the sideline, which is what i was worried about. and with horford out it probably would've worked.
there nba commercials, not espn
they're*
ftfm
awwwwww yeaaaaah. not the absolute worst!
in b4 kobe bryant
don't you mean ason kidd?
shazam
watching replays, i'm 50/50 about whether or not it's flagrant.  although griffin met him with his arms straight up, he ends up bringing his arms down basically through horford's chest, which slams him down on his back.  again, it's hard to say if blake could have done anything differently at that speed, but i don't have a problem with the ref calling that.  it's clearly a foul, and really the only way people in the air fall like horford did is if someone pulled down their upper body, which is a usual sign of a flagrant foul.  there are a lot of mistakes refs make, but i don't think this was one of them, especially with only 0.6 seconds left.

ps: flagrant fouls don't require intent.  just "unnecessary" contact for a flagrant 1, and "unnecessary and excessive" for a flagrant 2.  
kobe bryant.
he can afford it. he's useless in orlando, doesn't deserve all that money, might as well piss it away some other way.
they have a new one with stephen curry and his dad dell curry.
it's like photoshop, but instead of a new photo pasted into an old photo, it's a new video pasted into an old video.

neat effect, but the dialogue in the commercials is strange to say the least.  
  
watch the [nash one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftezlgc5ovk) - i'm sure there's a better way to convince steve nash that you're from the future than to say "ten years from now, you'll visit my high school and help turn my life around".  
  
and the [durant one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgwt8vcz6ac): "you're gonna play with some of the best players in the world, like russell westbrook, serge ibaka" ... *serge ibaka*?

i would have went more with telling them what their accomplishments would be (the nash one does this, telling him he's going to be a 2-time mvp), but maybe with the durant one, keep more with title of the promo series (which is "encouragement") and say something like, "you're gonna lose this game tonight, but don't get down on yourself, you've got a lot of success ahead of you if you keep working on your game", or for nash, "it may not seem like anyone's paying attention now, but keep believing in yourself, they're all going to want you to play for them". 

i know they have limited video, but it would've been awesome to catch them in at a pivotal moment in their basketball life where they felt like giving up, and this person from the future comes to give them encouragement by telling them what lies ahead for them.
i suppose this "proves" how awesome lebron james is, and how bad his team was last year. never mind that this cavs team playing now bears little resemblance to the team "the king" played with last year.
every time i see one of these commercials, i get goosebumps, but for some reason, i still feel like the execution is a little off. some of the commercials are done well, but others, like the stephen curry one, seem a little off; like, i can tell that it's fake. still, great premise. 
the whole thing revolving this kid's negative publicity is homophobic. he's being targeted as a feminine boy and thus deserving booing for just sitting at a basketball game. alone calling someone "gay" as if it were something bad is homophobic.

it probably isn't that bad for bieber but it is devastating for any other kid that's being mobbed at school for not filling up the "real man" image. this kind of public behavior by the mass just confirms those stereotypes. in the end you have everybody looking and acting like the dudes from jersey shore, cause you know.. better be a dumb douche bag than being "feminine".

in a lot of countries (mostly conservative religious societies) men get raped and murdered for being feminine. think about that when you make somebody's life hell for no fucking reason at all.
they could have had curry or tyreke, too.  either of them + westbrook in the backcourt with durant at sf?  that would be scary, to say the least.  especially with ibaka and green in the mix.
and who does aldridge have in the post with him?
deserved
as a pistons fan, i can feel your pain. luckily when grant hill left they got something in return for him. gilbert made sure something like that wouldn't happen.  

a fall from the top is hard to stomach. it'll take a few years for draft picks to mature and bad contracts to fall off, but they'll be back. at least that's what i keep telling myself about the pistons. 
dude, this is fucking awesome. 
there's no particular reason to think they'll ever come back.  cleveland's a shithole, so they face a tremendous disadvantage in keeping their own draft picks or signing free agents.  with lebron in town, at least they were attractive to free agents from a basketball/winning perspective.
he states in the article that she gets 20,000 a month.

so she gets roughly $240,000 a year. that seems like plenty. assuming he is telling the truth.
once again, have it your way. the heat won the first 42 minutes and the magic won the last 6. congrats...
lebron should get the mvp simply because of this... subtract 1 player and we're seriously considering them going from 66-16 to 9-73?? that's saying something...
we have had injuries too.  loosing lebron and being stuck with a few maybe starters and a lot of bench players was going to hurt, but when a lot of our best remaining players went down, it made the situation much worse.
to be fair, they've had some injuries, too.  andy, especially, plus some regression from mo and antawn
i think hollinger wrote on this during one of his per diems. the other day.  after the next couple games their schedule becomes much more favorable (i.e. playing the wizards at home) and players that are actual legit nba starters like mo williams return to the line up. 

i agree, this would be, and already is, a testament to lebrons affect on the team.
holy shit he's a black [dr. andre nosik](http://www.tvchannelsfree.com/tcfcrawler/thumbs/000/021/21391.jpg).

or maybe it's the other way around?
for what it's worth they also lost shaq. that's gotta count for at least 1 game and with their record that's a significant decrease.
i ain't sayin she a gold digga
would like to see divac v o'neal, boxing style
this is all just gilbert's master plan of acquiring the 1st pick in the next draft in order to try and find a younger equivalent of lebron. he's gonna fail, though...
the lack of respect the bulls get from people like you frustrates me. they beat the magic, lakers, heat and celtics... 4th best record in the league, mvp point guard and still haven't really played with a full healthy roster...which they will have for the playoffs. 
camby, oden (both injured), and pryzbilla. 7ft monsters with high rebounding percentages.
as you said, camby and oden are both injured and pryzbilla plays like 15 minutes a game...

and aldridge is averaging 9rpg?
no, it just proves that he was the mvp *last year.*


"you can trust me, baby. i'm a *doctor*. now let me take a look in there with my j-scope."
it's not all about the numbers. and i never said aldridge was a better rebounder than love, who's obviously a much better rebounder. it's just that love's stats are slightly inflated seeing as how he's playing with a soft european who seems to be on the perimeter whenever there's a rebound.
lamarcus is taking his team to the playoffs so i see why you would be upset. however love has been a beast. 

i think the right call was made.
your comment is a very backhanded compliment.
yeah, 51 points in a game is very pedestrian. 

wait, let me edit that: 51 points in a game while sharing the ball with dwyane wade.
i've read quite a few articles basically saying this. 
gold *digga* please!
one of the greatest rivalries ever.. that was marred by unethical criminal refs
lakers and kings was probably my favorite nba rivalry ever.
i thought the nets were going to get to 9-73 last year but somehow made it to 12 wins.  the cavs have some close games.  
i feel bad for byron scott.
my thoughts:

* ed davis: has looked pretty good, but missed alot of time due to injury. isn't a big name playing in canada. but yes he does look good. again snub was probably due to injury
* evan turner: lost his starting spot to jodie meeks. next
* paul george: jim o'brien cost him this one. he's a good shooter but didn't get off the bench much due to o'briens retard rotations
* jeremy evans: are you a jazz fan? you think he (3ppg, 1rpg) should replace wes johnson (12ppg, 3 rpg). ok pal

as far the sophomores, i really don't think you could make a good team without leaving some good players out. there's alot of good players in that class
losing lebron was the biggest piece, but they also lost shaq, z, delonte, and have varajao and mo on the bench all year with injuries.

most of last year's team is gone. 
hah, the rockets, that's a good one.
just a random semi-related comment:  i like the symmetry of the best record being 72-10 and the worst being 10-72.  i'm only comfortable with the cavs being historically awful if the spurs keep winning.
i always saw camel, but llama might be more correct.
with the talent the cavs are currently putting out on the floor, sure, this team might be in the debate for worst of all time. 

but this isn't because of lebron. a lineup of mo, parker, jamison, hickson/varajao, and z/shaq wouldn't be a borderline playoff team. 

lebron is the best player in the league, but the cavs lost a whole lot more than him this past year.
you think andy and z/shaq would have made that much of a difference?  mo and jamison have lost a step, and z and shaq didn't have one to lose.
lebron said he didn't know  about the mocking, so that means he didn't play angry and still dropped 51 on them. imagine if he had played angry.
the refs did review the play, right after it happened. it just didn't take them long to decide. 
i still get nightmares...
they are a good team but i can't see them beating the heat, celtics, and then lakers/spurs in a 7 game series. next year they are definitely in the mix.
give me a celtics logo
and noone else! 

set pick and roll for lebron if not

iso lebron!


i think it's like football, if a team false starts there is no play, so in basketball if you get fouled and miss there is really no play and therefore no missed fg. 

but in football if the opposing team is offsides the offense gets a free play and anything they make counts, so in basketball if he makes the shot after being fouled it's a free play (considering there's continuation) and it counts as a fg and one.
so what you're saying is that cleveland has now been cursed to be the eastern conference version of the clippers?
...only if blake griffin were from encino and told the clippers to go fuck themselves, returning the clippers to historic levels of futility
it was within the last couple days. the important point he made is that they aren't in the top 5 worst teams in history, and with regression to the mean they're projected to win 14 games.
right now we are talking about the cavs as potentially one of the worst teams of all time. 

do you think think we would be having that discussion if the cavs had those players i mentioned? 

and to answer your question, yes, having andy, z, and shaq would make a huge difference for the cavs this year. if you have watched any games, they have zero inside presence.

again, i didn't say they would be great. i'm saying they wouldn't be in the debate for worst ever. i'm sure you'd agree with that.
yep.
oops... misread your original post.  thought you said they would be a borderline playoff team.
he's third on the list of all-time career 3 point attempts. [source](http://www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/fg3a_career.html)

i think he shoots quite a few of them.
we can dream ;_;
til about www.basketball-reference.com

auto-&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

i didn't write the article, just thought it was interesting given the upcoming all-star weekend

there are certainly a lot of good sophomores, and i don't have too many complaints about the team there. i do tend to think in the regular nba people put a little too much emphasis of ppg over points per minute or shooting efficiency, but for all-star weekend, bring on the crazy high fliers. i want to see someone try an off the backboard alley-oop dunk.

as for the rookies, for this game i'd rather see wesley johnson, and he'll probably turn into a good player, but right now he doesn't shoot very well and doesn't rebound well. although the human vacuum cleaner kevin love might be taking a bunch of those away.
i think it did. he barely made an attempt at the ball. jrs a known punk too
i stopped when he questioned whether cousins should be in the game.
priceless. classic dweight right there. he can do whatever he wants because he's the best player at his position. obviously lebron is better, but he can play pg sg sf and pf.... so what if lebron and wade blocked him? in the end it wont matter because neither of those teams will even sniff a championship this year so...
the steph curry one is cool, but it just didn't look like they had goot footage.  it focuses on the actor too much instead of on steph, and the kid isn't terribly good or well coached, so the commercial suffers.
do you think aldridge deserves the all-star call up over kevin love?
how is the east weak...? we have the best team in boston, we have the best players in lebron howard amare rondo wade rose boozer kg allen pierce bosh. we don't have kobe parker nash melo westbrook love any of those guys. and im glad. all our players and teams are that much better
well, you have to admit it is pretty funny. going from best record in the league to worst record in the league after one trade is pretty crazy.
raja bell-end deserved it after his clothesline on kobe. he's a good defender but he's dirty and he flops like raw bacon. and this is from a guy who doesn't like jr.
what i really like is that the heat focused on how bad the last 6 minutes were after the game. that continuous desire to improve is the attitude that wins championships.

rationalizing a loss by saying you almost came back is a good recipe for not winning a championship.
let's wait and see what happens this year.
puns always make the pain go away.
he mentioned what the orlando office had said over the summer. while he didn't know about howard's shenanigans he does not like orlando at all.
time is on miami's side though. as the next five years go by boston will get weaker and miami will get stronger.
yeah i can't believe he would actively support dog fighting!

oh wait.
so, how many points did howard score in the second half?
indeed it did. and i'd like to applaud the ref for being so heads up and getting his ass in there right when it happened.
why? he doesn't care just like the rest of the team.
i doubt cavs fans would want to dwell on this, but why didn't they bring in better players than someone like antwan jamison?
yeah it did, but deron should know better then to go after him like that
he just seems like a nice guy. geez.
not to mention losing mike brown and the players having to learn a whole new system under a new coach.
they did, and it was antawn jamison and shaq. they were the best team in the nba.

they just lost in the playoffs after 1 year is all . jeez

there was a very big chance the cavs would get their title last year but obviously everybody underestimated the celtics (which i thought would have beaten the lakers had perkins not get injured).

lebron's contract was expiring along with d-wade, bosh, stoudemire, joe johnson, boozer, etc. he could have stayed with the cavs i guess, but why not play with wade and bosh?
i think they tried, but they couldn't get anyone major. they made those deals to get delonte west, wally sczerbiach, mo williams, shaq, and antawn. it seemed liked they would go to any length to keep him (like firing mike brown) but they couldn't quite get a mega star. 
because small markets have a hard time attracting big stars if they don't have a beach. honestly, i think for a great number of players the prospect of playing with the greatest pales when compared with the prospect of moving you and your family to the beach, most likely for the same, if not more, money. 

the heatles just happened to be e perfect storm of beach, market and talent. 
don't forget that they had the best nba record.
i wouldn't be surprised if d wade dragged him across the finish line.
pippin was a great hobbit. 
we will see.

what i know:

1. bosh is an all-star, again.

2. spoelstra says bosh is the heart of the heat's offense and defense.

3. the heat didn't look too hot while bosh was out.

4. his offensive efficiency is insane. playing on a team with wade and james i am very glad he can score points without shooting the ball too often.

i think bosh is awesome. he is not very popular with r/nba however.
no because he's playing with better talent. kevin love is making something out of nothing (which leads to inflated numbers). he's a walking double-double and much more consistent than aldridge as well.

i never meant to say that aldridge deserved it more than love, all i mean was that his rebounding numbers are inflated (like monta ellis' scoring numbers).
of course it did, he didn't go for the ball. 
you are in denial.
they only review for the time. they're not allowed to review for the ball being over the cylinder.
like i said, lebron had a great shooting game that night.  if he hadn't been able to do it, then the magic probably would have won if wade didn't step up either.
i was talking about the huge disparity in ranks. as the op pointed out, there are elite teams in the east (boston, orlando, chicago, miami), then there is everybody else who don't have a chance in the playoffs.

while the west has the spurs and lakers as definitely elite and teams like new orleans, okc, mavs, utah, and denver(as long as they have melo) who are all really good or nearly elite.

i just think that the west is more balanced at the top while the east has 3 or 4 elite teams and nobody else with a chance at making the finals.
this is just ugly. it has gone on far too long. i can't believe he isn't more...everything.

this is doubly bad in that the pistons aren't getting any value for rip *and* they are becoming an unattractive destination for new players. agents and players both have to ask themselves "if they'll do hamilton like that, what will they do to me?"

and it's a perfectly valid thought.

this entire thing screams "ego"...
cousins has been absolutely stellar; top-3 rookies this year, *no doubt*.
that sounds like an argument in favor of kevin durant winning mvp last year.
yes.

i hate raja bell, dirty player, flops like soccer players, and instigates situations as much as he can.


http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/news?slug=jy-spurslakers020411  
everything is at the end of the video. ball not in the cylinder, it was reviewed, and deemed good by the refs. 
for two years in a row no less. they had the talent, they just ran into a veteran team that worked harder.
ohhhhh i just don't like him because his music is terrible but now that you point that out, i can see that.
yeah sure.
and the video is wrong. nba officials are not allowed to check the replay to see if the ball was in the cylinder or not.

https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http://i.cdn.turner.com/nba/nba/.element/pdf/2.0/sect/officiating/official_nba_rule_rook_2010-11.pdf

start on page 49 and keep reading. they're allowed to check if a player was out of bounds, if the shot was off in time or the severity of a foul on a play.
he's good, but his fg% is currently .434, which is terrible for a center/pf. it's the big drawback to his game at the moment. he should really be up around .500
who's equivalent to "the best high school player ever"? this can't be his plan. he wanted  to win and now he's not. this is probably plan b. perry jones is probably who they will draft and i don't know how good he's gonna be in the nba. he reminds me of a kevin durant who doesn't shoot as much.
a q&amp;a with mike wilbon

&gt;brett (atlanta)

&gt;michael, do i understand correctly that the officials' game-altering failure to see a clear goaltending call in the last seconds that decided the suns-hornets game is not reviewable? that is ridiculous!! how can anything in the last minute (other than foul calls) not be reviewable. we review who a ball went off of late in games and we review whether a foul is flagrant at any time, so how can a game deciding play like that not be reviewable? because it was just the suns-hornets noone is talking about this, but they should be.

&gt;mike wilbon
(1:54 pm)

&gt;you, brett, are right on the money. the play should be eligible for review. grant hill smacked the backboard on that play, and it should have been counted as a basket for new orleans. yes, if it was lakers-celtics the noise over that play would be considerable...no doubt you're right about this and if it was the nfl there would be a letter from the league saying "oooops, we goofed." don't know whether we'll hear any such thing from the nba or not.
goal tending in the last 10 seconds in the suns game which wasn't allowed to be reviewed.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oifhcesfwv0
nba.com video - 2:28 in "not reviewable"

http://www.nba.com/video/games/suns/2011/01/30/0021000706_noh_phx_recap.nba/index.html
with lebron on this team they would still win around 50 games. they would not be .500 i could see them still winning 45-55 games with all of these injuries just because how much he really carried the team.
i agree. i hate threads where all the posters just trash each other and don't really get into the facts or use stats to strengthen their argument.
heck, that's assuming they still /win the lottery/, which they only have a 25% shot of doing if they continue to suck.
it's kinda tough to get past the fact that he uses just two metrics to compare players: win shares (wp48) and ppg.  nothing else - it just seems lazy to rely solely upon two flawed metrics.

for example, he mentions wes johnson as being undeserving of going to the rookie game.  zomg - he has a negative ws48!!  i don't want to write a detailed in-depth analysis here, but win shares are derived from a formula that [penalizes players for being on fast-paced teams](http://www.basketball-reference.com/about/ws.html). see #4 and #5 on the link for details.  the timberwolves are #1 in pace this year.

there are arguments to be made for/against every player, but being reliant upon one single stat doesn't cut the mustard anymore.
dan gilbert is really arrogant.

it wasn't a huge secret that big name guys didn't want to play there for a lot of reasons, but ownership is one of them. i remember when there was talk of bosh going to the cavs when lebron was there...he was not going to have any part of that organisation. 

any decent fa out there wouldn't go.

and did you see the sort of shit gilbert pulled after lebron left? that validates why no one wants to be there. every agent and player knows what sort of person he is. we got to see for ourselves what they all knew.

don't let people tell you cleveland is a bad town or people don't want to be there. that's not true at all. cleveland is a great sports town and there's plenty of opportunity to make money there. just not under institutional incompetence.
"don't ever underestimate the heart of a champion."
there we go. i appreciate you pushing hard for your data, and you win the argument on the reviewability of a last second potential basket interference. that being said, i still do not think that in the lakers-spurs game it was even interference to begin with.  
anyway, i'll stop beating a dead horse. 
the worst is 9-73 though...
i agree - if you look at where he takes his shots, he's taking way too high of a percentage of jumpshots.  and he's currently shooting an [efg% of .309 on those jumpers](http://www.82games.com/1011/10sac13.htm).  get into the paint, young man!
the pistons have handled this about as poorly as possible.  at this point they need to either trade rip or buy him out.  but if they trade him they'll get pennies on the dollar cause they've made it obvious that they need to unload him no matter what, so nobody's gonna give them anywhere close to what he's worth.  if they buy him out they'll end up with nothing (and it will almost surely be rather pricey to buy him out, considering he's still got this year and next year at $12.5m each left on his contract.  

wasn't it just a couple years ago everyone was praising detroit's management for being so shrewd?  how the mighty have fallen.
or more specifically, "don't ever overestimate the ankle of a champion"
i remember larry hughes being touted as "that guy" a while ago.
anyone remember heat-knicks in the late 90's?
doug christie took it like a champ. everyone knows his wife hits him harder than that.
then why are we arguing? i was just saying that love was a bigger snub (before being named as yaozers replacement) than aldridge and you agree!
the same jason kidd that shoots 35% from the field?  if you're a mavs fan, no you don't want him to shoot the ball more often.
antoine jameson? ... lol
fun fact: doug christie played for the lakers from 1992–1994
my favorite part of the rivalry:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlpsg3sadue
wow how'd i forget that.  my bad.  the nba has now been screwed up for me.
wow, i need a set of reign man's highlights now!  (in not crappy quality)
the guy was so good, anybody have a good write up of his story?
author here,

re: davis - agreed.

re: turner - ginobili hasn't started most of the games he's played in his career. does that mean he's worse than any of the sg/sfs the spurs have had during his career? no. your argument is really bad - coaches don't always know what they're doing.

re: george - agreed.

re: evans - no, i have nothing to do with utah. but the statistics you use are misleading. if you evaluate johnson and evans properly, by accounting for minutes played and looking at per 36min or per 48min stats, jeremy evans creams johnson. evans is 3rd in rookie pts/36, johnson 19th; in rebounds, evans is 27th and johnson is 49th.
i was countering you using the fact that he's "the league's best rebounder". he's near the top but not at the top.
yeah that did but not the one with griffin vs atl
he was fined $25k for it.
well, they made the finals in 2007, and assumed that with lebron getting better, and possibly bringing someone like shaq that would ensure constant final;s appearnces , but they did not account for boston celtics to emerge.

and their team was good, mo williams, good shooter, anthony parker, sg that shoots good and can defend great, varejao, big z

that was a really good team , but they lost to celtics, magic just because their system was built around one player, and when one player is neutralized, the whole team falls apart. 


basically the system that was being executed in cleveland was great for regular season, but pretty crappy for playoffs, this is almost the same system that is being ran in miami currently, as now lebron james can take plays off by handing it to dwane wade and occasionally chris bosh. 

they do not run like jerry sloan type of offense or triangle offense, or conventional pg running plays for the team. 
i will miss rip. 

i will never forget the celebration in 2004 where he wouldn't stop saying, "yessssssssssiiiiiiir." he was a great attribute to the pistons for many years and an all around likeable guy. he still has the potential to be an attribute off the bench however his potential isn't being utilized. 
joe dumars, more than anyone, needs to be gone. 
please do this.  for the jokes.
bill simmons thinks you can get away with one head case on a team, ala dennis rodman.  and to be fair, its kind of true.  but seeing that okc has young team, i don't think its worth the risk personally.
expressing your opinion by booing is horrible, but clapping and cheering is awesome.

great point you have, einstein. 
i am surprised, noone is snubbed, that is the most legit list i have seen coming from stern's office in a while!
he may get jimmer.. that kids beast.
agreed, he has a history of nutgrabbing
wait - using per minute stats is "proper evaulation"?  i think it can be used for some evaluation, but not if a player has played only 171 total minutes, as evans has (by contrast, wes johnson has played 1293 minutes so far).  evans has 50 career fg attempts.  he's made 37 of them, so he's shooting .740.  are you saying he got those numbers playing against starters, and that you think he will sustain them for 36 minutes/game?

i'm not trying to be an asshole here, but you can't call someone else's ppg and rpg stats "misleading" then go on to quote "per 36 minute" stats.
&gt;the action had hamilton believing he had played his final game with the pistons. 

sensationalist title much?
pretty sure she cheated on him with shaq
i like deron going after him like that. looks good when a leader sticks up for his guys.
yeah, but most of these people booing are grown men. justin bieber is what... 16? you don't find it pathetic for grown men to boo a 16-year-old?

and why are they booing him? because they don't like his music? that can't be it; then why don't people boo lil wayne or other celebrities when they see them at games? no, they're booing him because 1) of the nature of his fans, who can be annoying and 2) because it's considered "cool" to hate on justin bieber. either reason is a stupid reason to boo a child and give him such a negative reception. if you don't like him, don't pay attention to him.

i'm not a bieber fan by any means, but i think this hating has gotten far too tired and stupid.
its just this year, with a good draft some key free agent acquisitions we will be right back on top of the basketball world. 
the cavs are horrible thanks to lebron. the cavs haven't lost 1000 in a row because we lost lebron. we lost lebron, shaq, and z. we are plagued with injuries. we have 2 of our starters playing from last year.
no one is doubting lebron's skills here or anywhere.
it will never, ever be funny.
if they trade hamilton, do the pistons get to keep his facemask?

that is the real question.
i've already heard knick sycophants defending isiah with hilarious results.  it has begun!  seriously though, this is the funniest thing ever.  not for you, i'm sorry.
this whole situation is just sad. 
&gt; and did you see the sort of shit gilbert pulled after lebron left?

and did you see how gilbert and the cavs organization made lebron their god while he was there? they did their best to please lebron. naturally he'd be mad as hell when lebron left without a clear warning.
&gt;they did, and it was antawn jamison

or instead, they could have gotten amare if they've gave up hickson. but since their team had the best record, it seemed logical that adding another decent player would have better than replacing a player.
the cavs were built around lebron's strengths and weakness and since lebron left late, it was too late for the cavs to find good fas to make up for his and shaq's departure. cavs just didn't have enough time to recover from the lebron drama. fas didn't want to commit to the cavs because they were unsure about lebron's future and the cavs made foolish panic moves to please lebron such as firing their coach and gm.

these two teams are totally different and i think it's foolish to use the current cavs record to prove that last year's cavs were a team full of scrubs.
do you think they're still holding on to some sort delusion that he'll be part of a bigger deal for 'melo?!?
hamilton is playing tonight... playing well in the first half.
yeah, he sort of reminds me of my ex-wife. i was the greatest thing ever until i wasn't.

sometimes people just kiss ass and are in love with the idea of something, not the actuality of something.

if it were me, even after everything lbj did, i would wish him the best, feel sorry and try to keep my head up. that's what true, unconditional love does.

dan gilbert's love of lebron was conditional, and i mean textbook definition of conditional.
is it really that different?  mo, moon, jamison, varejao, gibson, parker and hickson are still there and they were the primary guys in the rotation anyways.

wasn't the lineup most of last year lebron, mo, jamison, parker, hickson with varejao, moon, gibson coming off the bench?

seems like only lebron, z, and shaq left.  granted they've been hit with some bad injuries, but i wouldn't say they bear little resemblance to last year's team.
since another thread discussed having game threads i thought i'd start one. and yes i realize it's 3 quarters in but where else could i register my disgust with the lakers' defense?
but isn't spoelstra awesome for saying no to lebron and upsetting him at the beginning of the year so that the heat could become better?
conditional love ain't no love at all.
how do you attract anyone to the worst team in the league that also happens to be situated in the worst city in the league for a young star/celebrity?
henry abbott -- deserves a ton of credit for putting truehoop together and helping fans connect with new opinions through the truehoop network. always has an interesting perspective on the latest issues and i value his opinion more than more 'official' espners like adande. 

sebastian pruiti (nba playbook/nets are scorching) -- just great at explaining plays. i love being able to come to nba playbook the day after a game and see him break down the bits and pieces.

shoals and ziller are at the top for me too. i'm avoiding repetition in the hopes that we'll get a greater breadth of opinion here.

i have to disagree with simmons. i used to like him, but he's really started grating on me in the past year.
lmao.  rip is in and has 11 points at halftime!!
i don't follow the pistons, but has dumars basically turned rip, billups, sheed, ben wallace, and tayshaun prince into ben gordon, tracy mcgrady ('s corpse), charlie villanueva, and a 4-yrs older prince and wallace.

is ben gordon the highlight of the current roster?  jesus christ.
dude, hornets are giving away free turnovers like no tomorrow. gasol is beasting so is bynum.
tmac has been great this year.
feel sorry for you guys. this shouldn't be happening to any team let alone the most unfortunate team at the moment. hope you can take down the mavs.
i don't think the owners ever said they were considering trading away curry. i believe the quote was something along the lines of anybody being a potential trade piece for the right player. which is absolutely the realistic and correct thinking for management to have. 

monta needs be cashed in while his value is relatively high. he is a pure scorer on a team chock full of offensive threats. yes, sometimes he is on, and he is one of the most entertaining players in the league to watch. but every time he decides to iso and take a contested, clanging jumper he is taking away high percentage shots away from wright, lee, and curry. monta needs to be traded away for a small forward like granger, iguodala, or gerald wallace, someone who actually plays defense. slide wright to the shooting guard spot or let him be the sixth man off the bench and you improve the hell out of that team. we still need a decent center but that might be solved through the draft, not a lot of good centers available. 

curry has the potential to be a very, very special player. he is already one of the best shooters in the league. but a monta/steph backcourt, while high scoring and entertaining, is not a winning formula. steph has much more value long term than monta. i hope the owners realize this.
i have to give him props for that and for not giving into the blame/panic from the media when the heat's season was a bit shakey.

he's doing a pretty good job for a young coach.
one major problem he has is his fear of being fouled because he has been a terrible free throw shooter. he shot something around 20% last season. he can disappear from the play and is afraid to mix it up down low because he doesn't want to be fouled. there were also rumors about don nelson talking shit to him and giving him the business because he felt he wasn't playing up to par but it turned out he had a groin tear and was in pain but was still trying to play which shattered his confidence.
same here about simmons.  he went from being from a "fans perspective" more to a "this is what a fan should think" perspective.  eh.
"i personally guarantee that the cleveland cavaliers will win an nba championship before the self-titled former 'king' wins one"

you can take it to the bank.

if you thought we were motivated before tonight to bring the hardware to cleveland, i can tell you that this shameful display of selfishness and betrayal by one of our very own has shifted our "motivation" to previously unknown and previously never experienced levels. "

i guess a 24 game loss streak is previously never experienced.


they wanted amare and obviously would have given away hickson, but the suns were reluctant to trade amare like that.
[actually they still haven't broke it.....yet](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_national_basketball_association_longest_losing_streaks)
the hornets, jazz and nuggets are not close to elite. the knicks, hawks, and orlando could beat any of them! let's get real. 
that record is over 2 seasons, they broke the record for consecutive games in a season and tied the one you are referring to.
the other record stretched 2 seasons didn't it?
interesting.  i feel this way with his football stuff--it's repetitive and the jet bashing is awful.  but i still think his basketball pieces are quality stuff.
money...
tracy mcgrady as the ballhandler for the pistons has been doing well. i have to agree. even though hes not t-mac anymore hes still got the skills and ballhandling
this team makes last year's nets look like the eastern conference all-stars.

forget duke or ohio state, this team could lose to uconn if kemba walker has a hot shooting night.

this team makes me feel better about the impending second coming of isiah.

if the nba owners were to make their own team, it would beat the cavs. (lineup for that team btw: wyc grousbeck (celtics), cuban, jordan, dolan, prokhorov)
scenario time:

a player plays two games. in the first he plays 39 minutes and scores 30 points. in the second he plays one minute and gets injured, leaving the game before he scores any point. this players ppg would be 15, as he scored 30 pts over two games. but his points per 36 would be 27 pts/36, a much better way of evaluating his scoring ability. it would be even better if we analyzed his shooting efficiency too, because we have no idea if it took him 20, 25, or even 50 shots to score his points. if he took 50 shots to score 30 points, we wouldn't think he was very good at scoring.

evans is shooting more efficiently and scoring/rebounding more. while he's been on the court, evans has been much better - there should be no debate about that. if johnson had been helping his team during his time on the court, he could add more wins by virtue of his greater minutes. the problem is that he has been so bad that he's actually hurting the team every time he plays.

the starter/bench thing is overblown; starters play a huge amount of their minutes against bench players and vice versa. the only time where this is really a factor is during the garbage time of a blowout.
hmm, hornets beat atlanta twice, orlanod once, and lost to nyk.

utah beat orlando twice, nyk once and are tied with atlanta.

nuggets are tied with atlanta and beat orlando once.

there's your reality for you.

it does, but you also risk getting yourself t'd up or possibly thrown out/fined/suspended, depending how bad the scuffling gets.
replace dolan with gilbert, it's a win-win for him!
where's he going now? any guesses?
well, if the cavs are going to win a championship before miami, the best possible thing they can do is lose and cash in on the lottery. seattle won 20 games just 3 seasons ago. they (now okc) could easily win a championship in the next couple of years. why? because they committed to losing and building via the draft.

i'd put the cavs well ahead of a lot of other teams that seem to stubbornly cling to mediocrity despite the fact that they aren't that young: philly, phoenix, charlotte, golden state, indiana, houston, and portland are all not that young and yet insist on holding onto the mid-level stars and aging role players that keep them from getting good draft picks.
very dumb foul.  didn't have to be more than just a wrap-up.
in terms of minutes played, they bear very little resemblance to last year's team:

http://www.basketball-reference.com/teams/cle/2011.html  
vs
http://www.basketball-reference.com/teams/cle/2010.html

2010-11 top minutes played:  
jamison  
sessions  
hickson  
parker  
gibson  

2009-10 top minutes played  
lebron  
mo williams  
parker  
varajeo  
hickson  







all of this is the reason + players needing to keep their heads in the game.  when sacramento was getting all bad calls in the 2002 playoffs against the lakers, they let it get in their heads.  once that happens, your chances of winning get slimmer.
read tim donaghy's book *personal foul* if you haven't already.  the refs did the same shit to allen iverson.
this won't end until stern resigns and the new commissioner cleans house with the officiating staff.
what the hell?  you mean you don't like paying an $80 million dollar contract for ben gordon?!  :p
here is a list of who played more than 20 minutes tonight for the cavs, and their minutes played:  

jamison  37:16  
sessions 33:15  
hickson 31:47  
eyenga 27:42  
parker 26:02  
gibson 25:32  
  
here is a list of who played more than 20 minutes in the cavs last game of the playoffs last season, and their minutes played:  

mo williams 46:31  
l̶e̶b̶r̶o̶n̶ ̶4̶6̶:̶1̶2̶  
jamison 29:48  
parker 28:41  
varajeo 26:44  
shaq 24:07  

as you can see, a much different cavs team, even outside of lebron.

`sincerely,  `  

`pre-emptive defense against guy who says "see how bad lebron's supporting cast in cleveland was last season?" ` 
yeah, they were going at it for a few possessions. raja knew he'd get the best of smith, since smith is a punk.


there wouldn't be a scuffle. jr smith is a bitch.
once the pistons traded chauncey billups for allen iverson, they've been shitty since.  i still can't believe they were dumb enough to go through with that trade.
that clothesline was the greatest moment in raja bell history.
makes me glad we're not willing to trade for him.
this is a pretty amazing picture.

it inspired me to photoshop the [heat picture](http://i.imgur.com/dklsi.png) from earlier. i will be the first to admit that the jordan picture is more awesome looking.
i think that's the reason, well that, and the fact that he's regressed vastly since 2 years ago, and his attitude wouldn't fit on the bulls team.
boston is looking like a mighty fine destination for rip. with open arms we will welcome him
sorry, but you missed the point.  it's about sample size.  you cannot judge a player based on 171 minutes that's he's played in the league.  stats are like yours are flawed because you're trying to fit everything into a formula that doesn't adjust for minutes played.  evans has the highest fg% in the league right now (better than the all-star caliber aaron gray)!  clearly he should be playing more, right?  you think those guys can produce against starters?

i guess if that's your point, then yes, evans plays very well against scrubs during 20-point blowouts.  that doesn't tell me if he's a good player.  i guess that wes johnson is a poor player because he has to play for 25+ mins every night on a team that doesn't have an opportunity to rest him against scrubs.  i just don't think you can compare the quality of minutes between evans and johnson with such simplistic stats.
i hear prokhorov has mad handles, mad handles.
as a loyal cavs fan i would like to give a sincere "fuck you." i don't necessarily agree with what gilbert did, but i too would be furious if my star player held out until the very end of free agency to tell us that he wasn't coming back. 

i will still support the cavs, and as long as i am alive i will support all cleveland sports teams. you can post all the stupid fucking shit that you want, but i will still be a cleveland fan. i appreciate two bit shit-heads like you because you remind me how much i love cleveland sports teams and the fact that they might be the worst ever will never change that.
i was just looking at their schedule. if it wasnt for the overtime win against ny, they would have a 35 game losing streak. wow
yeah but you could make a case about one team beating another in many departments. 
example- cavilers beat the celtics this year. obviously the celtics are better, but the cavs still beat them
john hollinger

bethlehem shoals

bill simmons with plenty of caveats
if they don't i have no idea who they'll get. they might get barnes but it really all depends on where they land in the lottery.
that's entirely irrelevant. the celtics beat the cavs twice and the cavs won one game against them.

you claimed that the teams from the east could beat the teams from the west, but they didn't. in fact, the west teams in discussion are 9-3 against the the selected east teams. therefore, in this specific example west &gt; east.
alright you got it. you have the numbers right there in front of you. but in a 7 game series. i would take any of the following teams against the west. any day of the week. that might just be a matter of opinion. i didn't know the numbers were in the west's favor by that much, but either way i think that the east is too strong overall.
he was 'that guy', he posted something like 20+/5/5 the season before he was traded from washington. he was meant to provided support to lebron, which he did for awhile being the 2nd best player on the team.

then he got injured and just started to lay foundations to his castle of bad shots brick by brick.
why are you considering jamison a star? or the big piece? he's good, but he was only that good cause the team he was previously on was that bad. he's not that good. if they made a real run for amare they would have had a disgusting starting lineup and most likely won the championship. and lebron most likely would have stayed with a star like amare in cleveland. 
well put.  this is exactly how i feel.
warriors1, thanks in advance!
don't be so angry =)  peace and love is all you need.  as for a worthless poophead, i am not.  keep loving cleveland!  i'll keep loving miami =)  it's not like the dolphins will ever win anything.  which free agent would go to cleveland after that letter and how fans reacted?  you guys better hope you draft the next prodigy! 
if they're tanking, they're taking it to a new level
well, jamison was a pretty good pickup. the cavs didn't get stoudemire cause the suns didn't want to trade him for hickson. obviously, the cavs would have sent hickson packing if the suns would have gave stoudemire up like that. 

but who's saying stoudemire would be the perfect fit for the cavs? 
see that's just a matter of opinion. i think it would have been better because if you get amare then you solidify the paint. with jamison all you do is get another offensive weapon. with amare you get both a defensive and offensive stud. a guy that could cover kg, or even play big on guys like dweight howard if need be.
hindsight is 20/20, actually, it's better than 20/20.

here's a sampling of the [reactions](http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/blog/ball_dont_lie/post/-net-reaction-cavaliers-land-jamison?urn=nba-220531) back in feb 2010 when antawn jamison was traded to the cavaliers:

&gt;his arrival doesn't guarantee anything, but put it this way: the chances lebron stays in cleveland beyond 2010 are better now than they were the day before yesterday...  

&gt;**the cavs needed, more than ever this season, to show lebron james they were willing to do anything to win a title. they needed to give james the equivalent of the gasol trade. and wednesday night, they did...**  

&gt;how is a guy who played his entire career on offense-first zero-defense teams going to blend with the cavs? (this one's from a laker fan, so of course, his analysis was very astute)...  

&gt;amar'e may have been too big for this team. he's been the high scorer on the suns for most of his career. he would've demanded to start. he would've demanded major minutes ...jamison's upside isn't sky-high, but he's an extremely low-risk upgrade for the rest of the year...  

&gt;count me among those who think jamison is a better fit for cleveland than stoudemire ... the big thing cleveland has now done is given mike brown the ability to match up with almost any kind of lineup...

&gt;**the trade talk was fun, but title talk's better, and all the pieces are now — for the first time in the lebron james era — in place. its nba title or bust time at this point, there are no more holes to fill...**   

&gt;regardless of how it happened, the cavs ended up making the correct move, and for that, despite my brief bout of insanity, i am extremely grateful...  

i especially love that the last two reactions were documented. because now, after lebron didn't reach his goal of a championship in cleveland, the party line is "lebron didn't have enough help". give me a break. all of his excuses were wiped away, there were "no more holes to fill" (insert yo momma joke here). the cavs even got z back for nothing. and still, no ring for the king. it was nba title or bust, and the cavs, led by lebron, busted.
you should make one for a good team, like the celtics...
if it makes you feel any better, i felt bad winning against you guys. please upset someone soon!
celtics!
i want magic to win, but celtics going to take it. :(
clippers might of won last game, but heat going to come out on top.
no, i don't think that has anything to do with this at this point.  however, it would be kinda humorous if it was, since detroit coulda just drafted melo back in 2003 when instead they drafted darko with that #2 pick.
i like charley rosen pretty well. curmudgeonly and can be sanctimonious but never boring or far off the mark.
exactly, cleveland blew all the cap room they had back in the summer of 2005 on larry hughes and re-signing big z (for 5 years &amp; $50 million, i think).  between those two contracts and lebron's (which kicked in two years later), cleveland was capped out and just had to try to make trades and pick up smaller money free agents.  they did a pretty credible job, considering the hole they dug themselves with larry hughes and big z's contracts.
back in 2005 when cleveland was still on lebron's rookie contract they had a bunch of cap room and spent almost all of it signing larry hughes for [5 years and around $70 million](http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=2103569) and re-signing big z for 5 years and $50 million.  those two, along with lebron, ate up all of cleveland's cap room and prevented them from signing any other big free agents for the duration of lebron's time with the cavs.  

cleveland tried to make trades to get out from under larry hughes and his awful contract (trading him for ben wallace, and then eventually for shaq), but there's hardly anything worse in the nba than having a horribly overpaid guy on your team, even if they're a decent player, because it just makes them untradeable (unless you wanna take back equally awful trades in return, i.e. ben wallace or shaq).  

the knicks suffered a similar fate through most of the last decade, stockpiling one horrible contract after another.  when you do that, it can take years to get yourself right.
what was it their owner said after lebron left?
i'd be mad too if lebron wasn't there to carry anymore
i remember almost shitting my pants when they beat boston
they could not possibly be any gayer for each other.
he said anepicname was a little bitch
only a heat fan would rub this in the cavs face. you are like the new gf dating the cool guy and have to put down the ex to feel good about yourself.
&gt;and lebron most likely would have stayed with a star like amare in cleveland.

or lebron would have left anyway causing amare to say fuck this and leave too, then we wouldn't even have hickson.
&gt;they had the talent, lebron just quit.

ftfy
i mean we were able to get mo williams for damon jones a joe smith.

then we traded z for jamison only to get z right back, so we traded no one for jamison.

we also then traded hughes for ben wallace and then ben wallace for shaq.

we tried to sign ray allen but he opted to stay in seattle because per nba rules they could pay him the most.  (plus i think he kinda hates lebron, after all he *is* jesus shuttlesworth.

can't say the cavs didn't try.
ya spoelstra could do that because lebron is locked into a contract for the next 6 years dumbfuck. 

let's see big balls spoelstra tell lebron no when he's an impending fa.
i think heat are going to win this one. not quite sure what happened last time they met, but i get the feeling heat have this one.
we would have won it all if lebron didn't quit.

i truly believe he quit because he knew he was leaving and would have received far more criticism if he left the reigning nba champs or even the runners up.
[also](http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2709/4372188910_1b3dd2fb75.jpg)
i feel bad for the team members and byron, but not for the citizens of cleveland after their somewhat absurd reaction to lebron's choice to go to miami.
someones mad
check out the faces in the crowd. most of them have the "ah fuck" look on their faces. love it.
be more butthurt.
john hollinger. i used to read all of his stuff, but most of it is insider only now. i know people say that he relies upon stats too much, but there needs to be people like him to counteract the huge amount of unsubstantiated bullshit there is out there.
[for the record, before the start of the season i thought they'd win 30-35 games, enough to scrape 8th seed in the east](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/d1kzc/with_lebrons_departure_who_will_cleveland_turn_to/c0ww4cl)

after they started 7-9, i thought i was a genius...
they thought they had the best team.

in 07 they made the finals

in 08 they pushed the champions to 7 games

in 09 and 10 they had the best record in the league

why would you want to overhaul a successful team? sure, they didn't win a championship, but playoff success is not something you can guarantee
cool wallpaper... or devastating moment of my childhood?
love the fan faces, there like [shiiiiit sheeeeeit shit sheeeit sheeeeeeiiiiiiiiiit ](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1dnqkguezo)
well i just have a feeling that if amare and lebron got on the same page when a deal fell through, the chemistry would have been scary and they would have made it a lot further. then they would have stayed together and been a legit team for the next four some odd years. but its all a "what if" situation.
lebron was a rookie on the cavs with a long contract. 

by the way, i think you and i were discussing whether or not the cavs at finished imploding back when their losing streak was 15 games. i think it is safe to say that they haven't quite reached the rebuilding phase.

also, you still seem very angry.
we have already had this conversation. the gay community is a wonderful part of miami that adds a lot to our local culture. james, wade, and bosh however are not part of the gay community.
right, because the team that is 1.5 games behind them with the 2nd best record in the east and the 3rd best in the nba is terrible.

by your logic i really should have made a picture of the spurs.
&gt;lebron was a rookie on the cavs with a long contract.

1st off no he wasn't.  his rookie contract (2003) was for 3 years (per nba rookie contract rules) at the time gordon gund was the owner and paul silas was head coach.  lebron basically had silas fired because he didn't like silas telling him no.

he signed another 3 year deal in 2006 rejecting the cavs offer of a 5 year max deal.  he purposefully did the 3 year deal so that him wade and bosh could all be free agents in the 2010 season.

he signed a 6 year deal with the heat with an option for a 7th year.

his signing of only a 3 year deal greatly impacted the cavs ability to sign fas like ray allen and trevor ariza becuase no one knew if lebron was going to stick around or not.  it also hindered the cavs ability to build a roster around lebron because they had to worry about signing lebron in 2010.
it's the only moment in raja bell history. what other memorable stuff has he done?
seems like a good trade for the knicks and a decent (could have gotten more if they weren't so stubborn earlier) trade for the nuggets.
not sure why t-wolves are considering this though, i'd be interested in hearing a minnesota fans opinion on this.
[edit: spelling]
i didn't say that, i said he's the league's leading rebounder... which he is... by far.
cavs. by a lot.

edit: cavs were my gut call. let's dig a bit.

--------------------------------------------------------

quick comparison guide:

***size:***

* [cavs](http://www.nba.com/cavaliers/roster/) - tallest player: 6'9 - avg: 6'5

* [buckeyes](http://www.ohiostatebuckeyes.com/sportselect.dbml?db_oem_id=17300&amp;spid=10421&amp;spsid=87812) - tallest player: 7'0 - avg: 6'6

***avg points scored (last 10 games):***

* [buckeyes](http://www.ohiostatebuckeyes.com/sportselect.dbml?db_oem_id=17300&amp;spid=10421&amp;spsid=87805): 71.2pts or **1.78pts per minute** vs di defense. 

* [cavs](http://www.nba.com/cavaliers/schedule/): 96.5pts or **2.01pts per minute** vs. nba defense.

well, if a team can't fit a rookie into the team in 3 years then there really was no hope.
wat?
miami stans &lt;
how would miami fans (and your team's creepy team president, who looks like a disney movie villain) react if wade did the same thing to them?
ahh damn here we go again
i have insider, so i've been keeping up with his stuff, and i think he goes a little too far.  it's nice for someone to keep a stats-based perspective, but this isn't baseball.  stats aren't everything, and hollinger seems to forget that a little too often.  credit to him though for popularizing advanced stats.  per and rebound rate are great indicators of how someone's playing.
osu's tallest player (as listed on their website) is sullinger at 6'9.  the points per minute is misleading, as college has the 35 second shot clock.  there's really no serious way to compare the two, although my gut would say cavs, barring a big game from sullinger.
&gt; they can only go up from here!!!!!

that's what i said about 16 losses ago.
probably wouldn't care, i think the city of miami only realized they had an nba team when lebron came in.
if your owner and coach were intimidated by an 18 year old kid then there really was no hope, even back in 2003.
it was gordon gund, he was fucking blind.  when did i say he was intimidated by lebron?

i seriously have no idea what your talking about that they couldn't "fit a rookie into a team."

they went to the finals in 2007
they went to the finals and lost.

but once again, i am concerned for your health because you seem to be a very angry person.
well miami is good, but they didn't beat boston once this year, and neither have the spurs or lakers so, i think they are the best team. is that bad logic?
yeah, i really like the trade from the knicks' perspective. their bench would be a little thin but they have time during the summer to fill in the spots. with melo on the roster it would put them in a good spot to pressure the top teams in the east.

the nuggets are going to have to enter transition mode so it might be in their best interest to just start clearing salary space for a new franchise player. this particular trade clears up 11.3m immediately and the two new pickups expire in the summer clearing up another 5.8m if they decide to drop both. furthermore, they have 8 contracts that expire this summer (not including carmelo). that gives them plenty of room to pick up a max contract player or possibly two if they drop enough of their current players. if i were to take a guess, i would think they're going to prepare themselves for the 2012 free agent market since the 2011 market is a lot thinner by comparison.

on the face of the trade the timberwolves seem to have made an awful deal but after reviewing their financial situation, it might not be that bad. they're getting great production out of beasley and love compared to their contracts (4.9m/2yr and 3.6m/2yr respectively) and they have 11.8m in cap space. with this trade they're getting eddy curry's bloated 11.2m contract but it expires this summer. after trading corey brewer and eddy curry's contract expiring that gives them 24.8m in cap space. they lose a first round draft pick but i'm thinking they feel like they have enough young talent in beasley and love and are more interested in finding a franchise player (chris paul in 2012?) to round out their team. they have plenty of money to work with, it's just a matter of finding the right player. so overall, not a bad trade, it's just going to take some patience. my guess is they're going to pick up a max contract 5-9yr veteran in 2012 and go over the salary cap to retain love and beasley, as long as they both continue to show signs of improvement.
this looks like confirmation bias at it's best.
really? i don't think hawks deserve 3 but i agree that bosh definitely isn't one this year.
brook lopez can't rebound for shit... overall the game has almost no good centers playing right now.. 

but yeah it seems that he got the reserve center spot.
heat suck, miami sucks and you suck.
people don't understand just how big the disparity is between the amateur (college) and professional level in sports. the cavs would win big.

same applies to the nfl. the 0-16 lions would lay it down on any 14-0 flavor of the year college football team that showed up.
the shot clock argument is fair enough although it's bleak compared to all the other potential factors. closer 3pt line probably plays role too.

the more i think about it, the more i think the cavs would easily win.

it'd makes for a juicy headline on espn but realistically, cleveland would crush ohio state.

looking at it another way is putting together the school list for the cavs: bama, texas, osu, michigan, ucla, unc, the list goes on...
now take the players with nba draft potential of these programs today, give them a year to build chemistry and match them up against the buckeyes. that pretty much sums it up.
what part of you expected this to be a picture of 'the shot'?
i pity the team that has eddy curry on their roster.
as a wolves fan, there is little reason to do this trade.  earlier rumors were that we'd trade a first-rounder for randolph, but now we have to include brewer and pay curry the rest of the year?  just to pick up a guy who has been in the doghouse all year (though i really liked watching him in golden state)?  that had better be a low first-round pick - we have the jazz and grizzlies first-rounders this year, lotto protected.  not sure where randolph's minutes would come from either - he can't possibly play alongside beasley and love...
lol you're right that's what i expected.

turns out it was his "other shot"
clippers @ heat 12:00pm et
pacers @ nets 12:00pm et
76ers @ knicks 12:00pm et
this is a terrible idea and don't think it's true. to me, it's the media reporting on rubbish.

 mens rea, i think youre ideas are good but i'm a twoves fan and have been watching them all year.  the wolves won't try to keep beasley, and no free agent will touch minny with a 5 foot pole.  beasley is seriously nuts.  their best bet is to use the draft once more then seriously re-evaluate their squad.
magic @ celtics 2:30pm et (abc)
obviously cavs. the best college teams have maybe 2-3 players go to the nba. the cavaliers may not be good, but all of their players make up this very selective cream of the crop.
i haven't watched the t-wolves that much this year, what isn't working with beasley? his numbers seem pretty good (20ppg/5.6rpg) for a guy that's getting paid well below his potential maximum.
agreed, beasley is not the franchise player that a lot of wolves fan were hoping he would be, but he's certainly an offensive force for the wolves and there isn't any reason the team wouldn't try to hold on to him.  
we don't need more bigs.  minnesota needs guards and trading away brewer does not help our situation.  cap space is useless because we will never lure a blue chip free agent here until we have proven we can win.
i actually think minny would be a great team for anthony randolph. maybe he won't get trapped on the bench like he did with the warriors and the knicks.
my thoughts are that i don't give a rat's ass about where carmelo goes and i'm tired of hearing about it.
it starts with a good draft, some trades, it wont be this year, and not next year but in three years. we have alot of high draft picks coming to us in the next couple of years, so if we can get a good young cast in place, eventually big stars will want to come play with young stars....but it all relies on our gm
well, the heat are awesome, miami is awesome, and i'm okay. so, you must be using suck to mean awesome the way bad means good. you kids and your slang.
you call them gay, but you're the one that's sounding butthurt
miami played boston both times very early in the season before the transformation. february 13th will be the real test.

boston is great, but everyday they get older and more likely to get hurt.
we had to live with [this...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ex-u50tt4ai)

one of the only times i remember crying after a game...
not to mention perhaps just strength alone could show how outmatched the college players would be. i mean these guys are like 18-24 going against men. its just ridiculous to even assume that any college team would win.
ya the guy shit's all over me and my city on a 1 hour tv special and when we criticize him about it, we're "butthurt."

eat a dick.  bandwagon heat fan.
i'm not sure the miami fans would agree with that. they packed aa arena when the heat won a championship...
i would be heartbroken to say the least, although the effect on miami would be much less devastating as it was to cleveland.
completely agree, this trade makes no sense from the wolves standpoint.  as the lynch-pin of this trade they would need to get two quality players in order to give up a first round pick and take on an awful contract (even if it is just for a season).  especially with their first rounds picks looking decent at worst.
i agree that, given the structure of the draft, there always seems to be at least a glimmer of hope.  but lebron was the greatest #1 draft pick we could ever have dreamed of.  a possible "greatest of all time" guy who grew up a stone's throw from where our team played its games, and we build a contender around him.

then he leaves, because even a native thinks he can't win a ring in our city.

how can we ever really hope for success?
rationalizing a loss without a key starter that throws off rotations and still saw you have a chance to win with 9 seconds left is fine in my book. heat aren't winning the chip. you can take that to the bank. 
true. i think a lot of us weren't devastated so much that he left, just that he put on an entire fiasco about it. i understand why he would want to leave, things quite obviously weren't happening in cleveland (in the playoffs at least.) it was just "the decision" that really rubbed me the wrong way.
who else should be in it then? iggy? bogut? granger? bosh as a 'top 12 in the east' is just a joke, and i'd rather have seen any josh or any of these guys.
we will see.
calling them gay is not a form of valid criticism and i've been a heat fan as long as i can remember. but assume what you want, you bitter moron... get over it
as another loyal cavs fan, go fuck yourself.
the cavs lost almost all of their talent from last year. this isn't the same roster lebron played with. not by a long shot. 
although i agree that it doesn't really work in minnesota's favor, kahn has shown that his moves don't always necessarily make sense. (if ever). 

do you guys have any salary cap issues? that would be the only reason to get curry, is for salary cap relief.  
go clippers!
knicks need to wait this thing out and sign carmelo in the summer. he only wants to go one place, no reason to give up chandler and randolph.

the knicks best move in the past 20 years was hiring donnie walsh. hopefully dolan lets him do his job.
i think the reason why the wolves are giving up a draft pick is because they are going to trade the rights to rubio for a first-rounder. my two cents.
don't you think [kahn](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvri3wy_tgk&amp;feature=related) has made far more questionable moves though?

for the record: i also think this is the media blowing smoke, especially since it was chris broussard who broke the story. but i do think you guys are a logical third team for the trade. 
result wont be different. season sweep is all its gonna be
i don't think they can sign melo as a free agent and sign chandler to a new contract, especially given how well chandler has played this year. and randolph doesn't have much value. this is a no brainer trade for the knicks.
it will be the moment when miami passes boston and pulls away. ;)
in his rookie season, i think [he played more in the finals relative to his regular season minutes than anyone in history](http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/players/3467/gamelog?year=2000). only 30 minutes of playing time in the regular season, then 45 in the first 3 rounds of the playoffs, then 79 minutes in the finals against kobe's lakers.
i don't see how this trade would make sense for the timberwolves. giving up brewer and a first round pick, when you aren't even going to make the playoffs is just further hurting your chances for a future playoff team. if they surround love flynn and beasly with more first round picks, a center and sg, and let them develop (like the okc) then who knows, they could be the next big thing.
no, kahn has actually brought our salary situation under control - no player on our team makes more than $5 million this year!  that means we have the cap flexibility to take on a garbage contract (curry), but in exchange for this privilege, we should be rewarded with a pick or talented player.  much as randolph intrigues me, he's not worth brewer *and* a first, not to mention the fact that this trade would also help a division opponent.
trade randolph for a #1 if you can get it and then either move on melo in a deal like this or wait for the summer and then you have the #1 too. 
i meant that curry's contract is a valuable entity now. curry's contract will free up even more salary room. if you guys are planning on spending a ton of money next year, curry's expiring will help out. that's how, i assume your organization is looking at it. because that's what we're selling him as. 

so it will be randolph for a first, and some extra salary cap for brewer, but if you guys don't need salary cap space to spend on free agents, it makes even less sense. but i don't know what kahn's end game is so who knows what he agrees to.
it will be a good day to be a boston fan...
you would have felt worse if the blazers had lost.
it's always a good day to be a boston fan. but it will be a great day to be a miami fan.
i don't follow the knicks closely, but would it be possible to buyout eddy curry's contract or trade him and shake around one or two pieces to keep chandler?

you might even be able to get him to sign for a little less to play in nyc with amare and melo.
i remember shitting my pants when they beat boston
curry's contract expires at the end of this season anyway. another problem is that the knicks would like to keep their roster flexible so they can sign a third superstar (to match miami), probably chris paul or dwight howard, after next season. also after next season, they'll have to resign gallinari, fields, and felton. as we saw with the heat this season, there is not much salary cap space left after you sign 3 superstars, even when they sign for less than the max.

but then again, who knows what the salary cap will be like at that point, so i shouldn't speculate too much.
i think this trade could solidify new york's playoff spot. melo, amar'e and felton on the floor at the same time is going to be a tough match up for a lot of teams.
charbo187 is seriously mad.
it will be interesting to see whether or not signing him to the extension now in a sign and trade will be better for their cap flexibility than signing him outright this summer. 

they might lower the cap or create a hard cap, but i would expect there to be some kind of exception for teams who signed players before the rules came into place.
the expiring contract doesn't help us - we're already well under the cap.  curry's expiring contract is mostly appealing to teams over the cap, because they can trade their "bad" long-term deals to the knicks for the curry contract.
[florida state mix](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irnnhlhsg34) for anyone interested.
i think last year's kentucky squad would give the cavs a run for their money now.
true, it's like when my beavers lost to wazzu.
touche
which makes this "deal" make even less sense. especially since theres probably a good amount of teams that would want currys expiring. 

unless kahn wants to play curry? he can't be that naive? can he? *shudders*
although at first i wasn't wild about trading chandler, the lineup of:

c: stoudemire / mozgov
pf: gallinari / turiaf
sf: anthony / williams
sg: fields / walker / azabuke
pg: felton / douglas

looks talented but incredibly shallow &amp; small. this team should look into trading randolph for a marc gasol-type player, someone who can bang at c and let amare play pf. then sign carmelo this summer with a more complete lineup. not only that, but with a gasol/stoudemire/anthony/fields/felton lineup they can probably lure a couple of cheap veterans to come off the bench.

such a greasy bounce too. i remember watching that one and thinking the heat had it once i saw it clank off the front rim.
wow that's embarrassing..
i dont think he left because of that reason only. i think it boils over to the fact that ferry was never able to make the big trade the trade that solidified us as the best. i wished we would've traded for stoudmire (sp) and lay it all on the line, because that ultimately may have changed amare's mind and he couldve stayed in cleveland and lebron could have too. 

but we have to have hope, without it they should just pack up the team and ship it to baltimore.....
as a magic fan i honestly have to say i think boston will win. boston is destroying everyone right now, kg is punching dudes in the nuts, and just plain going from beast mode to rabbid killer beast mode. plus its in boston, and the magic still need another big man.
heat lead by 16 in the 4th, but are such tools they shove griffin to the ground because god forbid some team like the clippers makes the all mighty heat look bad. should have been a flagrant 2 and a kick in the nuts to eddie house. 

props to baron for looking out. 
game link: http://www.tv9sports.info/2010/12/channel-2.html
another way to look at it: look at their schedule:  http://www.basketball-reference.com/teams/cle/2011_games.html

sure they're losing and there are some blowouts in there, but could any college team stay within 10 points of nba teams on a fairly regular basis? hell no. even the best college teams would get run out of the gym if they tried to play some of the middle of the pack nba teams like memphis, portland, phoenix. 
i've been watching since glen rice, probably before you were born =)  thanks for doubting my fan-ism though!  i watched every game in our 15 win season, i watched every game in the dolphins 1-15 season, i've watched every game from the marlins terrible inbetween world series seasons =)  when someone says steve smith i think of our promising rookie from the 91 draft and you think of the football player.  i could name you the heat and marlins inaugural roster in person off the top of my head.  i could name more 12th man players on the heat from the last 22 years than you could name starters on your team from the last 10 years =)  i can give you wade's stat line of his whole career by year.

you have guessed wrong my friend =)  with that said, yes, miami fans are new york transplant bandwagoners, but i am not.
who would ever leave miami?  it's paradise.
is it me or did he travel before that dunk?
no way zaza was stopping that.
behind love and beasley?
yeah chris broussard is a fucking puppet.

but i hope kahn keeps his job forever so i can keep watching that video
my money is on broken nose

*edit* five minutes later, i'm seriously freaked out.
after davis was knocked cold, howard was clawed in the face, and now daniels is being carried out in a stretcher. 

what a game, poor guy
just seen him getting hauled off in an ambulance, damn...hope hes ok...thumbs up is a good sign tho.
i'm hoping he just pinched a nerve.  it's a scary injury and he'll eventually recover fully but obviously it will be season ending.
amare doesn't play good defense...now that he's on the knicks, he increased his blocks somehow but he never really rotates or boxes out. he gives ups points way too easily. and i know this from watching a lot of suns games and listening to the announcers.

the cavs would have definitely gotten amar'e if the suns offered him. but, the cavs were also looking for a guy to stretch the floor offensively. they wanted a pf who could shoot 3s. they were looking for a guy like troy murphy, didn't get him, so they go jamison.
strangest first-half ever.
it looked like  pretty "routine" contact, but the way he smacked his face on the ground made it look really scary.
funny a miami fan posts it.
possiblamente. i think he might be okay, just caught a gnarly whiplash. if so he'll be back soon. but even if hes' not, i'm just glad his eyes were open.
clippers beat both miami and the lakers.

your logic would state that they're a magnificent team.
&gt;get over it

says the guy that posted this in the same thread

&gt;we had to live with this...
one of the only times i remember crying after a game...

pot calling kettle black.
beyond scary. i thought he died then and there. thank god they just announced it's just neck injury-related.

edit: don't know why i'm being downvoted... but whatever. hope he gets well soon.
dude is broken.  celtics are being out played by big dwight
makes a lot of sense. he's made it pretty clear he doesn't give a shit about mn or their fans. he's also yet to prove he has the ability to play with the bigger, faster american players. why keep a guy like that when you can get something good for him?
me? good one. my logic doesn't support that whatsoever. i'm not gonna go out and say a piss poor team that doesn't have a chance at the playoffs is magnificent just because they beat the heat or lakers. the celtics however are magnificent because they win those games on a consistent basis
he injured himself on arenas' chest. probably just pinched something.
they didn't need a power forward who could stretch the floor and shoot a 3. if you didn't notice all the elite teams have a pf that can shoot mid range and play acceptable defense. example. tim duncan, kg, pau, bosh, kenyon martin, boozer, amare, jeff green, david west, lamarcus aldridge. 
[some info on the incident.](http://espn.go.com/blog/boston/celtics/post/_/id/4680417/daniels-suffers-scary-neck-injury)
this game is so hard to watch: the refs calls are terrible, the commentators are horrible, and they arent letting any of jj's threes go in.
what's the score?
and yet we're winning.

edit: magic are being out played by 'lil rondo.
lmao dude.. i was 10!!!
damn, and he was looking good the other night too.  hope he is coming back soon.
i believe it's actually spelled [pcahulia](http://www.peachtreehoops.com/2010/3/20/1382376/zaza-pachulias-jersey-misspelled)
here is the video if you didn't see it:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyl-y3jgmd4
i think he'll get it done in his next game. hopefully we'll have reggie miller on the mic.
3 to go in 24 minutes of play.
um, uh, um......
perhaps i'm misremembering, but i don't recall any incidents of a player "fake biting" another in the 80s or 90s.

can you provide some examples of players acting like classless buffoons during the 80s and 90s? the one that sticks in my mind is the pistons walking off the court after losing to the bulls in the playoffs in 1990 (iirc), hence the reason i earlier said, "and, yes, i'm looking in your direction, isiah thomas."

but other than that incident, i don't recall players acting so classlessly after making a big play. sure, they'd celebrate, but they wouldn't get down on all fours and bark at somebody. or get right up in their face and start clapping. two of the many classless things garnett has done in his career.

and maybe players back then wanted to, but simply didn't because they knew they'd get cold cocked if they did. today players fear getting heavily fined or suspended for such actions, but i tell you the truth - if someone got down on all fours and barked at jerry sloan or kermit washington or xavier mcdaniels or charles oakley they wouldn't have gotten back up on their own power.
2011 cavs or the 2007 gator basketball team?
eddie house is a piece of shit
not sure why you are being downvoted, that wasn't a basketball move he did on blake and he should be suspended and fined accordingly. it was cheap and he could have really injured him.
on a side note its pretty much dwight vs celtics
any updates?
it's all good. that lakers - suns series a few years back when we were at 3 games and a rebound away from taking the series. i knew once we gave us that close out game we'd lose the series. the game ended, i turned the tv off and just went to sleep, shed a tear. i was like 16 too.
nobody the knicks are parting with in this deal (curry/chandler/randolph) would figure to be on the squad next year. so, in this proposed scenario, 'melo doesn't lose any $ on his contract due to a possible lockout. 


and they lost to cleveland and the clippers and detroit and toronto and washington which are just absolute garbage teams and then also have lost to dallas twice, chicago, oklahoma city, new orleans and orlando.

they're not that consistent, they're just a bit more consistent then the next team. you've got 4 teams right behind you, no more than 3 1/2 games back. are they all magnificent teams too?
knicks have no use for chandler with melo on board. they're redundant together and chandler is far inferior to melo. holding onto gallinari and fields is great for the knicks, as gallinari would be a very solid 6th man.
anyone got video of this?
they beat detroit twice, san antonio, la, atlanta, chicago twice, raptors 2 times, okc, orlando twice after this game, portland, denver. and by the way they haven't played the clippers yet...
amar'e mostly plays the 4, centers are mozgov and turiaf. while i agree the knicks need height, they can address that in the off-season with gasol as a rfa and add the other star piece now. this way, mozgov continues to get minutes to develop so that hopefully he can develop into a player that can give some quality minutes at the 5 on a deep playoff squad. 

with adding 'melo, the knicks desperately need to address the backup pg by the deadline. felton is going to fall apart if he keeps going 40 minutes every night.
thanks, i missed it. it's unbelievable, when i saw the guy being taken in an ambulance i imagined a horrific flagrant foul while attempting a dunk, not a bump into gilbert arenas' torso. poor guy, that was a really ridiculous and unfortunate way to get a serious injury.
was he any good back then?
i was pretty freaked out. at least it lit a fire under there asses and they won the game.
[at least the play didn't go on like it did with melo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dcjxybbb7w)
bruised spinal cord: http://www.rotoinfo.com/comments-latestfromtwitter-62013.html
why do the wolves do this? they are getting hosed. 
david stern controls the magnets in the rim, didn't you know?
and darko and tolliver?
no, he caught the ball in the air, planted his left foot once he landed, and then took 2 steps.  
that's fucking crazy. thank you.
nick friedell is espn's bulls beat writer, and i think he does a solid job for espnchicago. talk about that gig turning into a goldmine over the past 2 years.

i like a lot of the espn truehoop guys, since you get a decent combination of stats-based analysis and actual scouting. chad ford and david thorpe are solid contributors.
why you hating on the suns?
as much as i like seeing friendly competition between teammates. pierce has gotta be crazy if he thinks he can out shoot ray ray. i look forward to seeing ray do work on the up and coming 3 point shooters of the future. 
you're 100% correct.  the cavs just dug themselves a giant hole by signing hughes to that ridiculous contract and then re-signing z for all that money, but that was back in 2005.  they did they best they could after that, but they'd already buried themselves as far as cap flexibility with those two signings.  no one can claim the cavs didn't try to get better, they definitely did.  they were just hamstrung by horrible contracts.  it happens to lots of teams.
michael wilbon has a good head on his shoulders in all sports, but i think he is especially knowledgeable when it comes to the nba.  i guess it can be said that he sometimes gets too cushy with the players, but that isn't altogether a bad thing.
damn hope he'll be fine.
i thought this was about ray making 2 out of the 6 left for the record. 

lol.
a player goes down like that, you *stop* the game. that was pathetic by the refs to let that continue.
pierce, allen, j.richardson, korver? sounds good to me. 

edit: forgot to add in my man stephen curry.
what the hell?! 
i feel so bad for quis. after last season with that hand injury then the concussion; he never really got into the groove of things. then, this season he's playing well, doing what doc wants him to do and then this happens. we know the c's are a durable team i just hope marquis can come back soon even though ainge is saying he's out for longer than 1-2 months...
pythagorean win/loss (a projection of a team's record based on their point differential) says they should win 14 games for the season. this method has a standard error of 3 wins, so 11 wins is also a distinct possibility.

point being: it's really difficult to be that historically bad. they did push indy to ot the other night. a few more games like that, and they're bound to win a couple of games
it was well established that larry hughes was a poor shooter and an inefficient scorer, before the cavs signed him. the cavs really wanted joe johnson that summer, but johnson signed with atlanta because he was tired of playing second fiddle. larry hughes was really the only other free agent of note that summer, so the cavs panicked and signed him. after that, they never had the cap space to sign a free agent, so they were always trading their bad contracts for other bad contracts.
[he's fully functioning now](http://www.ajc.com/sports/celtics-g-daniels-fully-829679.html) that scared me so bad
i don't doubt how good ray allen is at shooting, but you've got to get hot to win the 3 point contest.

&gt;allen won the contest in 2001 as a member of the milwaukee bucks and also competed in 2000, 2002, 2005, and 2006. 

so he's only won once in five tries.
scoop jackson - back before he did awkward liquor spots for espn

dave zirin - intelligent and interesting perspectives.
totally agree, i'd actually like to see a few different rounds for the 3pt contest. some guys tend to shoot better after navigating screens (i think  that includes ray allen) so it'd be nice if there was another round where they have to shoot after curling off some cones.
trail blazers?
my sixers
:)
thoughts with marquis, hope he recovers.  i call him junebug.
agreed, just glad i wasn't the first one to say it.
good question, the east just sucks aside from the top 4 teams and even though rose is carrying his bulls so hard you can make a case for boozer. granger aswell, felton maybe if the knicks actually won games after december.. as much as i would love to see iggy in the all-star game someday he's definitely not playing up to par this year and bogut started out very impressive but faded away lately. 

i'm actually taking back what i said before and having 3 hawks seems like the fairest solution.. or boozer with 21 and 10.
us teams would spank internationals.

starting line-up for the world: nash, ginobili, dirk, gasol, nene

reserves: parker, jennings, scola...and it goes downhill from there.

lack of athleticism and not having anyone to guard lebron/durant dooms them.  mickael pietrus can't play 30 minutes a game on an all-star team.
and as an incentive, the loser of the game must sit through a live performance of the black eyed peas.
i really want the nba to adopt the "school-yard pick'em" style of team selection that the nhl had this year.  there's already so much drama between players, why not play off that when making teams?
why don't the t-wolves send rubio to new york as well since he's stated that he's not interested in playing in minesotta? plus ny fits his "requirements". 
what you're saying is right.. the fake biting and so called classless behaviour wasn't on display as it is now(using your view of the situations) but i was referring to his crotch punch when i meant dirty play and the comparison to the 80's and those were full of low blows like that.. some players made a career on being sneaky punchers/elbowers in the ribs and all that. the game was dirty because this wasn't being called.. it's those subtle steps on a foot before the opposing player is going to jump.. it's that elbow to the dome when the opposing player is doing a spin move.. it's that little butt push off before going up for a rebound.. but that was all before guards were so dominant.. when the league actually had big men that could play and take punishment down low.

i never judge class in sports for one simple reason. there is none if it's not defined as against the rules of the sport. also it's very apparent that it's irrelevant to the talent level or performance of the athlete.

it seems like a matter of semantics.. you see him as acting like a douche and i see him as being one of the most emotionally intense players that ever played the game.. i guess that is the difference that makes tim duncan the better overall player(and the rings of course) but if that's what floats kg's boat and his boat has been sailing for 15 years then i don't mind it at all.

he gets into his opponents heads very well and it just works... celtics aren't anywhere near the caliber of a team without him as they are with him on the court.. can't even be stressed enough before when he was in minnesota.
cousins has stuggled this season? he's been a top rookie. bledsoe hasn't been too good? he's exceeding his expectations and steps up when baron davis hasn't. derozan doesn't deserve to be in the rookie challenge? well this author obviously hasn't watched a raptors' game so far this year.

horrible article.
hahaha! zaza aka rocky balboa looked like a bitch!
i don't like that idea for the actual all-star game. my roommates were watching the nhl all-star game, and it was less entertaining because they didn't really have a team to root for.

i think they should have like a 3 on 3 half-court, call your own fouls, pick up game with guys that arent in the all star game. it could replace the shooting stars
hey that sounds awesome... but not sure how voting to get the players there in the first place would pan out.
brandon jennings?
his own teammate did not stop. talk about having your teammates back.

if i was on his team no matter what, i ll be shouting at the refs for not calling it off!
it has to be golden state, with stephen curry.
we are gonna need this guy down the road, i really like his game. i hope he heals okay, and can join the team soon. 
yeah, we got a nice little squad brewin here, certainly no all-stars this year though. jrue holiday will make an all-star team someday.
it seems like a stupid trade and david kahn has said multiple times that the wolves are not going to trade the rights to rubio, as what i hear from my guy who works in the front office of the timberwolves rubio will come over next year and play with us.
yeah but david kahn has made a good choice in darko, imho. he lead the lead in blocks for a while and can actually score if they played him the right way, i also have seen him hit three's while warming up plenty of times.
yea, he played in italy before going pro.
so? that doesn't make him international. he's american
al horford - atlanta hawks. guy is a monster. 
atlanta hawks
he's not consistent and seemingly crazy.  for a stretch, he could look like the best player on the floor.  other times, he turns into a bumbling fool.  then add on top his inability to guard anyone, and you've got a talent that's more a liability then an asset.  
paul millsap gets my vote. watching him makes me sweat because dude works hard every game. workhorse.
if you actually read the post the conditions the op stipulated were that players on the international team will either have been born in another country or have played high school or collegiate ball in another country.
i take it your in new york, so you probably dont get the trailblazers or timberwolves.
lemarcus aldridge is a beast and then again so is kevin love.
as a cavs fan and a student at ohio state, it would be the cavs in a landslide.

fun fact though. ohio state's winning streak is the same number of games at the cavs losing streak.
luol deng. working every minute, defense and offense, running back on a fast-break even though there's not even a chance he's going to block whoever stole the ball. 

he's also kind of in an intermediary spot between low ppg and 20+ ppg that doesn't make him stand out that much. but he'll step up when needbe
&gt;starting line-up for the world: nash, ginobili, dirk, gasol, **yao ming**

ftfy
in hindsight... no.
you do realize mike d'antoni is the knicks' coach right?  he's not exactly looking for "someone who can bang at c".  i'm sure he's fine with amar'e at c, since that's another guy who can shoot the 3 if needed.
al horford
huh? they have two in the game. are you referring starters, or do you not consider al horford and joe johnson to be all stars?


 i'd go with blazers or warriors. maybe grizzlies or bucks, but they've been struggling a little.
gerald wallce.
bleacher report is terrible never link there again.  
houston rockets get my pick. kevin martin leads the league in free throws made and i believe he hit all 15  in their last game. hes been playing at a high level pretty much all season, and is doing it while being "as efficient as a heat pump."
&gt; what you're saying is right.. the fake biting and so called classless behaviour wasn't on display as it is now(using your view of the situations) but i was referring to his crotch punch when i meant dirty play and the comparison to the 80's and those were full of low blows like that.

i think a crotch punch is classless, and i don't remember that from the 80s/90s. perhaps you have some youtube videos you can point me to that show such play?

as far as stepping on feet, ribbing someone with your elbow... that is not what i call classless, but i agree it's dirty. to me, ribbing someone or stepping on their feet is an example of using whatever tactics you can to win, *but still respecting the other person as a human being*. by stepping on someone's foot you may be saying, implicitly, i have to stoop to this sort of dirty play to get an advantage over you. but hitting someone in the man region or getting down on all fours and barking at the player like a dog is more of a comment on your own character than anything else. it shows you have no respect for the human being you are competing against.

i'm not singling out kg as the biggest douche that ever lived, although i do think he's one helluva douche. i just suspect that we saw less douchey players in the past because they were dealt with in like fashion. i remember watching the bulls in the 90s. if an opponent made a hard, yet cheap, foul on mj, pj would bring stacey king into the game (or some other bench warming big guy) and you knew within a few minutes stacey was going to foul that opponent twice as hard.

that's the one thing i wish we could see today. what i wouldn't give to see a coach put in some bumbling, bench-warming big guy to lay out kg after kg pulled one of those asinine moves.
my warriors fan friend is always giving the world grief that the warriors have had no all-stars since chuck mangione made the western reserves way back in 1920
i wish this format for all pro.sports... mlb, nba, nfl, nhl..
i highly doubt that would be the excuse to put brandon jennings for the international team. but i guess in this case, it can work both ways. and putting jennings on the international team is just pity for the amount of depth the team has. 


i'm not a nuggets fan per say but i do enjoy watching them play, especially against the lakers. i was in denver years ago and watched them play their first game with iverson (melo wasn't playing). i must say i enjoyed the atmosphere -- the fans were great and the mascot rocked (yes, it was intended). melo will be missed and i hope he won't be remembered as just another all-star deserter in search of the mighty ring (aka pulling a lebron). as a syracuse fan, i have high regards for the player.
i'm surprised j.r. smith didn't try to dunk over him.
kevin martin is one of the most under appreciated players in the league. not really an all star snub, just one of those guys who's a phenomenal player, but not a top 4-5 guard in the conference when you count point guards. 
those cones need to be moving though so that ray can feel like kg is providing the screen.
i appreciate the vote for blazers, but they have pretty much the same record as the grizzlies. just to be fair.
memphis grizzlies? highest mov and pythagorean wins among teams with no all stars. zach randolph is having a great year. rudy gay is solid and overpaid, but they have a winning record.
shane battier. 
i like his game too.  he's a quiet scorer and a tough defender.  i like guys that play under the radar.  james posey did it for us when he was around.  leon powe too.  it's too bad neither of those guys have done much after they left (or just weren't resigned or were traded... ect...)  although i think teams caught on that posey was a serious threat on both sides of the court but it was too late already.
yes. the ny times did a great profile/story on him a while ago - he's been one of my favorite players ever since i read that. 

see http://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/15/magazine/15battier-t.html

quite interesting. i love it when the times does long-form sports reporting.
i think he has a super cool demeanor, the guy seems so calm on the court and he makes great plays look seemingly effortless. i also loved james posey when he was here, although i don't think he deserved the contract he picked up and i was okay with the celts losing him. i would have thought powe would have turned into a beast, i fucking loved that guy when he was here. i guess maybe he still hasn't fully recovered from the injury. in any case, i'm sad to lose marquis and i can't wait to have him, shaq, and delonte back. 
how about the best team with too many all-stars?  my pick is the celtics.  the big 3s numbers have been declining since year 1.  i guess i should say they're evening out.  there's no breakout star of the big 3, they all put in the work.  i think ray allen was elected simply because he's going to break reggie miller's 3 point record.  garnett was elected because he's finally back to form after his knee injury, although i don't think he's playing at an all-star level. paul pierce has been my favorite player for years and i always want him to be an all-star but i just don't see it this year.  they're all working together as a team, and it's great, but there's no serious individual effort, which i guess is why the 4 of them all got elected.

rondo is the only one i'm confident that should be an all-star.  maybe i'm being hyper critical because it's my team and i think they should be doing better than they are.  i don't know, but that's my 2 cents.
sorry, i forgot.
i forgot, sorry.

monta ellis should be in the game., as should bogut, over garnett. garnett is there because he's garnett.
report back when yao can walk without shattering his feet.
honestly, yao's injuries always make me sad. seeing a player with so much talent and so much potential and at the same time really down to earth face the possibility of never playing again... :(

but he'll continue to get voted to any all-star game so long as he's on contract with the nba :)
i'm so glad delonte is coming back so soon.  after watching the first episode of the association i was heartbroken seeing him go down with the injury.

leon powe is the man.  but i think his greatness with the celtics is a true testament to the coaching staff we have.  they know how to use the guys they have on the bench to their potential.  i was wondering today how someone like semih erden would do on another team.  i think he's great and has lots of potential but i feel like a lot of teams would ask too much from him too early.  he has moments of brilliance then the rest of the time he's just a guy on the court while his team mates rack up stats.
vince carter.

ok, just kidding.

lamarcus aldridge of the portland trailblazers.

stephen jackson of the charlotte bobcats.
the best thing in nba is the draft and limited salaries. 
i don't think you can have this and relegation at the same time. 

edit: grammar error
&gt;it was less entertaining because they didn't really have a team to root for

heh, i've never thought of it that way. i thought the idea was pretty cool but you're right, i would be confused on who to root for which could make the game less fun.
rip hamilton
eric gordon
wasn't kobe born in italy?
i'm starting to wonder if we're still a three point shooting team. we've shot like complete ass lately.
this is the most logical idea for all sports.
danny granger.
amazing how far he and turkoglu have come from the kings' bench...
my all underrated team -- guys who have been making big time contributions for years but haven't been fully recognized: 

c: andrew bogut

pf: josh smith

sf: lamar odom

sg: kevin martin

pg: andre miller
no, he moved there when he was six. [source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kobe_bryant)
well actually it was professional, not collegiate. he went there so that he didn't have to go to college for a year before going to the nba.
i guess we'll have to go to the judges on this one.
there are people that don't think the bulls were the best team of the '90s?
exactly who i came here to say.  the guy doesn't have some of the skills that a carlos boozer had, but he does all the dirty work.  and absolutely brings it every night.
jordan didn't play in 1994 and if not for [the phantom foul by hue hollins](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hue_hollins#1994_nba_playoffs) the bulls almost certainly would have beat those knicks as well.
the thing that bothers me about the salaries is that they are guaranteed. those things can handicap a team for years if something goes wrong or if the player doesn't produce.
his teammates and team totally have his back. he should re-sign with denver asap where he's really thought of highly.
what's the deal with hawes?

when i look at the box scores he has decent numbers, but he only plays 15-20 minutes a game. earlier in the year he was have some really good games and now he's 10 and out.
you can blame doc for picking all his own players and screwing others more deserving out of a spot on the team. kg only got in so he could tie the record for most consecutive all-star appearances.

personally, i think that raymond felton should have been on the team instead of rondo.
gerald has had an off year so far this season compared to last. plus, he gets hurt alot.


huh?
what?  i've been a knick fan for two decades and this argument makes no sense.  of course if you take the greatest player to ever play the game and take him off the (more or less) only team he's ever played for in that decade then that team will suffer greatly.  but the bulls had him and he always crushed the knicks (sadly).
you think sensibly. i, on the other hand, have to debate with idiots.

it's ok, the bulls would have lost to the rockets that year anyways. fucking robert horry was on that team man. **robert horry**
talking about major injury - don't worry, teams are insured (meaning the player gets paid) and the league gives cap exceptions (meaning the team can sign other player). 
talking about under perfoming - teams rarely spend big money on a player that don't deserve big money. so if big money is spent, then the player has already proven to be motivated. as a last resort there are always the team-discipline clauses, that allow teams to "sack" undisciplined players. however it is a very bad rep and usually the teams just pay. 
major injury - michael redd.

under performing - rashard lewis. 12.9 pts, 5.5 rpg, 19.5 million dollar salary.

the bucks haven't been the same since redd got hurt and his talent can't be easily replaced. and the cap exception doesn't bridge his 18.3 million dollar salary, so it's not like they can pick up a superstar to replace the one they lost. i think the bucks would rather have the 18 million as opposed to the 5-6 million dollar exception the league gave them.

rashard lewis has the 2nd highest salary in the league behind kobe (redd is 5th) and is a career 16.4 ppg scorer. he's averaged over 20 ppg 3 times in his career and after he signed his max deal with the magic he never came close to 20 ppg and his scoring decreased every year he was there. it was the magic's fault for giving him a max deal, but they didn't exactly get what they paid for either.
not sure if this would be within the rules but some nice additions to the international team would be bogut, ibaka, gallinari, marc gasol, ben gordon, deng, al horford and türkoğlu.
i think this team could be as competitive as any west or east team. remember the west now misses ginobili, dirk and gasol.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiresjhqor0

here is actual game footage of the sport...if you like it mosey on over to r/afl
golden state
yes! gordon might be the most underrated player in the league.
zach randolph, steve nash, monta ellis, eric gordon.
you are right, there are some exceptions. my point is that the system generally works and it has a lot of positives. in an ideal world it gives opportunity to the smaller markets to become contenders.
best game on earth
i think russell westbrook is one of the best guards in the league and he doesn't get the credit he deserves. same goes with monta ellis.
rockets, and butthurt pistons and knicks fans.
sonics 2, please :)
and joe johnson
lamarcus aldridge should be in it instead of tim duncan
dorell wright.
maybe they can bump him down to a sixth man role and use the salary space to pick up a solid starter. do you think he could play sf? he looks pretty mobile for a 6'10" guy and maybe the added height would give him a benefit at that position.
it would need a hole new set of rules.
what happens a lot in soccer is that when a second division team performs great in one season, and gets promoted, before the start of their next season on the first division, the bigger teams of the first division hire all the good players from them. then, on the end of their first season on the first division, they're already going back, because of the lack of good players.
i think it's the "just neck injury-related".. that can be a very serious injury.. or just a week of soreness but still.. oh and god had probably nothin to do with it all aswell. 

supposedly it's a bruised spinal cord.. whatever that means.. he'll miss a month.. 
clearly a 3 second violation.
lamar odom does not belong on that team. he plays for the fucking lakers. he is mentioned in every nba highlight on espn
captain jack!
i'm not trying to be a dick or anything, but really? you think felton should be on the team more than rondo? rondo is leading the league in assists and steals, while shooting at a high % (not saying rondo is a good shooter, but he only takes shots he knows he can make), and is a the lynch pin to the celtics team.

felton while being bad ass earlier this year, has really started to slump. his fg % is down, his 3pt % is down, and he's committing a decent amount of turnovers. he also randomly shoots 3s for the no reason, which is really painful to watch.

not saying felton is a bad player, he's actually greatly improved from last year, but he doesn't deserve to be an all-star over rondo.
i'm not sure how it is with other d-league teams, but the austin toros are owned by the san antonio spurs, and there are fairly frequent player migrations between the two teams already. if the austin toros were "promoted", they would go from a place to develop talent to a division opponent, which i doubt would jive very well with the spurs management.
iguodala?
isn't it the ultimate goal of any nba player to win a championship?

why is it so bad for good players to change teams in pursuit of this goal?

not to say that lebron isn't a dick, but wanting to go to a different team for a shot at a title really isn't a bad thing. look at steve nash. he's being criticized in some circles for *not* forcing his way out of phoenix.
teams could be associated with local aau teams or colleges and the teams have the rights to those players. i don't know what the salary cap is in the nba but least say it is 50 mill so maybe for the d-league the cap could be 25 mil and the pbl 12.5 mil or something. if a team gets promoted then their salary cap raises and the can buy more and or better players. 
here was my favorite idea in the bill simmon's mailbag: the losing team has to wear nut-huggers/short shorts in the next allstar game. 30 grand isn't motivating anybody in the league, however i'd concur this would embolden them to actually play defense for 4 quarters.
those were the days!  i remember when john starks and patrick ewing were public enemy number 1 in chicago!
come to chi, baby. come to chi!
i agree. i definitely thought it was quite entertaining watching the captains draft the other players.

it just adds another dimension to the all-star game. you also then get to see teammates play against each other which can be pretty fun.
i'm sorry, but i can't believe you didn't just make this up.  as a knicks fan, born and raised, and someone who lives in the nyc area, i have literally never heard a knicks fan make this argument.  ever.  and, regarding the talent issue, knicks fans make the opposite argument; the reason ny couldn't win a title was because ewing didn't have a second star to play with, unlike the bulls who had pippen.

the only was this is true, is if you're referring to someone who was 12 or under at the time, in which case, who cares, kids are pretty much all stupid anyway.
knicks fan here, and this is true for every team.

if you took hakeem the dream from houston, they wouldn't have won the championship.  if you took ewing from the knicks, they wouldn't have gotten to the finals.
if he was on a mediocre team like the sixers or bobcats, he'd be averaging 20, 10 and 5, along with a block and a steal. he would be on the all-star team. for the lakers, he's simply a glue guy/6th man. just because we see odom on tv all the time, doesn't mean we say he's good. most people don't realize how talented he is and how important he has been to the lakers' success, especially this year.
i really hope that he gets like 3 three's tonight, then breaks the record on thursday night, against the lakers, with reggie miller commenting.
knicks fan here. you're right on the money. felton gets a lot of assists because he initiates every possession in a fast paced offense that has a lot of possessions already. he has a bit of a hero complex where, rather than getting it to the scorers, he likes to take 26 foot guarded threes in close games.

i don't want to kill the guy. he has been far better than i expected. he's physical on defense, and he is generally good at pushing the ball. however, if you replaced felton with rondo, the knicks would have at least 5 more wins.

honestly, i was relieved to see he didn't make the asg. it might cool the ego that had him taking too many shots.
shitty transition defense,  repost

lamar odom doesn't belong as a sf on any team except maybe the monstars team from spacejam
there was a weird scene in the playoffs where marquis ran into dwight howard's chest and got a concussion.  he needs to dribble with his head up.

also, i love how gil had the "what did i do" look on his face, instead of checking if marquis was ok.
agreed but tony parker should get the nod over kevin love. he's good, but wins have to account for something
i don't think you can rip kahn anymore after he got beasley basically for free and after the darko signing turned out to not be so bad. the team is definitely up and coming. flynn has been a bit of a disappointment, but he's still young.

i think the trade is good for minnesota. this is supposed to be a weak draft, and randolph is 21. if he was in the draft this year he would undoubtedly be a top 10 pick. the guy has only played in about 110 nba games, and, other than the 100 mins d'antoni gave him early this season, has pretty consistently shown himself to be incredibly productive.

as far as if he can play with love and beasley -- sure i think he can. he needs a team that can cover up his shortcomings on offense. love and beasley are great offensive players who play no defense. randolph could help them protect the paint. of course there's no way you could play ar, love, beasley, and darko at the same time.
oh you are right. one player can carry a team that loses 24 strait. /s jordan couldn't even help this team win 45 games when playing with guys like manny harris and ramon sessions.
they would be paying him for about 30 games or about $4 million. i'm sure new york would send minnesota the maximum $3 million in cash. it's really not a factor.
well obviously there's a conflict of interest right there. in fact for mlb and nhl there are a lot of teams like that. i guess in order for this to work the owners would have to sell one of their teams to an independent group. but think about it, if sa had two basketball teams -- an nba power house and an up and coming d3 team -- wouldn't it be an awesome rivalry if the d3 team eventually made its way to the nba?
usually teams fluctuate between relegation and promotion for some years before maintaining a more permanent spot on an upper league. when they loan out their superstars they are getting more capital and it's a good investment for several seasons down the line.
oh la, lalalalalala, shoota.
you're trying to hard. wouldn't even be close.
sweet dreams getting gasol for randolph. you gonna throw in a case of bud light too?
lamar odom may have underrated talent but he's hardly a work horse.
oh, i'm very high on randolph, i think him for a first rounder is fine. i thought if d'antoni gave him some playing time he would even command more in a trade. it's just losing brewer for curry's expiring contract doesn't make sense to me, especially if you don't have salary cap issues. 

regarding kahn however, i still think he overpaid darko, even if he is playing decently. but that wasn't his only questionable [move](http://www.sbnation.com/2010/7/13/1567673/al-jefferson-trade-david-kahn). 

but everyone thought danny ainge was crazy as well, and his team turned out alright. so it all depends on kahn's endgame and his vision. and we won't know that, until the twolves are successful, or he's fired. 
yea, he complained that blake griffin played hard until the final whistle when the clippers already had the game locked up. it's the nba, you play until the final whistle whether it's a close game or a blowout.
no. i believe seattle kept all rights to sonics name and its history including the banner.
i'm pretty sure coaches can't pick their own players for the all-star reserve spots
i personally hate this idea.

a primary reason i guess as a celtics' fan is that i've seen my team go from 31st in the league to first in a year. it isn't a normal thing, but it is possible. but with the system above it is impossible, why does kg sign with a d-league team?

i would prefer contraction of 2 to 4 teams and reduction of the number of playoff teams (to 6, like the nfl, which is funny since i support the expansion of the nfl playoffs to 8) to increase competativeness. i simply see no way relegation will actually work.
this is the purest example of when omg meets fuuuuuuuuuuuu.
i want him to wait until thursday so i can see it happen. no way the charlotte game is a national broadcast.
pierce has won just as many contests as ray and is the defending champion. it is not unfathomable that he could beat him.
maccabi vs. zalgiris, euroleague top 16, 2003-04

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8sih89vna4

buildup is great (90% free throw shooter at the line!), for the shot watch 1:55 or 2:50 for slow motion replays
so what's your take on guaranteed salaries? good or bad?
luol deng. 3rd banana on the bulls, putting up 18 and 6 while playing solid defense. and playing 39 minutes a game.
fair enough. if you're talking about the charles oakleys of the league today, then the list is probably pretty different. i guess i was just thinking underrated.
you're right. the head coaches in each division vote on the all-star reserves.

but since that's the case, how the hell do those same coaches overlook players like monta ellis, steve nash, carlos boozer and kevin love?

everyone knows that tim duncan is not having an all-star caliber season (13.5 ppg, 9.3 rpg) but he still gets selected to the all-star game because he's a future hofer, plays on one of the best teams in the league and has a great reputation. but this game isn't all about that. i want to see the best players in the league put on a show.

if tim duncan and kevin love switched teams would timmy be in the all-star game putting up those same numbers in minnesota? no because he'd be an average player on a shit team and k. love would be considered a god damn superstar. this game isn't about what your team is doing, it's about what the individual player is doing.
good (mostly). however guaranteed salaries are not a part of the relegation vs draft discussion. they are part of the sport today. in football (soccer) there are no guaranteed salaries (meaning that when a player changes club, he renegotiates his terms with the new club), however it doesn't change a lot (meaning that carrol wouldn't have left newcastle if his week's salary was not bumped).
and he's such a cool guy too. it's a tossup whether him or josh are my favorite hawks.
no, this is stupid because you will have great players that get relegated who deserve to be in the nba. what if kevin love goes to the d league? that would just be stupid
&gt;french league, round 16. february 29, 2011.

....what?
deng is absolutely not scared to throw the ball up when the game is on the line and he doesn't have a good look. if he was a better shooter, this would be quite an asset, but currently it seems to be kind of detrimental.
don't forget dominique is a partial owner. it would be nasty.
also coca-cola, mcdonald's, rayovac, ball park hot dogs, hanes, etc.
actually the new ownership lays claim to the titles, but to answer the op, no there are no banners for the sonics 79 title. 

 kevin love (minnesota)
 lemarcus aldridge
 ben gordon 
 luol deng 
 raymond felton (new york)
here's my take on rondo. is he really that good or is he a product of the team he's on?

he's not looked upon to score because he plays with 3 future hofers who can fill it up. that being so he can concentrate on getting his teammates the ball and on playing defense because they really don't need his offense. he's scored 15+ in six games this season and has scored in single digits in 14 games.

and boston as a team is number 1 in fewest points allowed and number 3 is defensive shooting percentage. defense is a team effort and he's a recipient of that. not saying that he doesn't create his own steals, but having good defensive players around you doesn't hurt.

raymond felton is 7th in the nba in steals on a horrible defensive team that ranks in the 20s on both points allowed and shooting percentage. 
amare is an offensive weapon that can score... but he's a below average defender and a terrible rebounder... 
i dont know...thats a long time ago
also has a terrible assist to turnover ratio which is hands down the most important stat for a point guard. there are easily three or four players in the league more valuable to the nba and to their teams then rose.
as a bulls fan i know why wallace has come up in the conversation, because the bobcats are up on the season series 2-0.
raymond felton for sure - ben gordon, no way. guy is on my fantasy team and he is killin me. 
ray is having an amazing 3pt year, but both pierce and ray have great 3pt %'s. both hovering right below 40% career avg i believe.
overreaction much? eddie house and all 170 lbs of him hip checks the 250lb blake griffin and suddenly we're talking about suspending and fining lol.

a lot worse has occured in the nba than that my friend.
glen 'big baby' davis, i know he's on the celtics and everything so he gets some attention, but he's consistent and can be relied on. he goes out there and gives it his all. he leads the league in taking charges and hasn't started a single game this season. it also doesn't hurt that he makes somewhere around 80% of his free throws.
keep in mind that those bigs became the greatest because they were not satisfied with their rookie season numbers. blake will need the same dedication to still be considered in their company in 5 or 10 years.
the t-wolves are terrible. love is leading the league in rebounding by a pretty big margin. love deserves his spot. 
that reminds me of this play from the bulls during their 04-05 season.  of course there was no knicks buzzer beater on the other end.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyjomz3j4z0
i was expecting [bos@mia 1/6/2010](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s35676e5_iu)
i'd like to think we'd be able to appreciate the occasional basketball post outside of the nba. we're a small enough community where it won't happen often. 
exactly. we know of these guys beyond just their rookie season. blake has incredible potential though, i really do hope he becomes one of the best big men to ever play the game. he's got the time to work for it too. 
just curious, but is your name a reference to a ween song?

i'm getting a vince carter vibe from griffin and that's not necessarily a good thing.

incredible explosiveness and scoring beast but can he evolve? everyone in the nba gets 3-4 years of high flying antics but eventually the knees start going and you need to diversify your portfolio.

i hope he can perfect some post moves and crank up the defense. he's doing great so far but that's only a small sample of what he can do.

also, he needs to leave the clippers as soon as possible.
best. product. ever.
the only way that i would support this, is if the lower division teams had a chance to win the nba championship.  right now there are 16 nbdl teams.  the problem is that the nbdl teams aren't in markets (for the most part) that have the stadiums or whatever to support a pro basketball team.

you would need to bring cities like vancouver, seattle, las vegas, st. louis, kansas city, etc. back into the mix to replace the nbdl teams.  

the league could go to 40 teams, with the 16 current nbdl teams still serving as the minor league for the nba.

the way you could do it is split the league into two groups.  you probably want to keep it at around 30 teams in the main league still, and then 10 teams in the lower league, with two divisions.

i think the way that you do it, is have 7 teams make the playoffs from the upper league, with the lower league doing their own 4-team playoff.  winner of this playoffs gets the #1 pick, runner up gets #2, and so on.  so the worst team in the lower league would get the 10th pick, and then the upper league would begin going from worst team to best.  this would ensure a lot of parity.

and then the two teams that won their divisional playoff game (top two teams from each lower league division would be playing in the opening round of the lower league's playoff) would make it into the real nba playoffs as the eight seeds.  to add a little drama, the team that wins the lower division playoffs gets to pick which #1 seed they want to play.

then the playoffs go on as normal.

i think this idea would make the game more interesting, but unfortunately we can't make a video game out of this.  with the way the nba is structured business why, this is impractical, and would never happen, as too many teams would go under as a result.

however, 2k or ea should totally incorporate the idea of creating this type of fantasy league into one of their upcoming nba games.
i agreed with you up until 
&gt;also, he needs to leave the clippers as soon as possible.
why the fuck does he have to leave? what's everybody's deal? he's not going anywhere. 

how do you like having captain kirk on your team this season?
it sure is!
the fact blake didn't even have the ball and it was an obvious take down by house proves he is a dirty player. it was uncalled for, plain and simple. who gives a shit how much house weighs, when someone is running near full speed and you cheap shot them, they could get hurt. are you saying it was a legit foul?
to be fair, you have three all stars that are injured :(
hehe, didn't mean to offend any clippers fan (or anybody really).

clippers management is notorious for turning a buck and letting their fans down. i'm really too lazy to dig out the sources but basically, the head office is all about not spending any cash on players and selling seats. i never really understood how that works (maybe frankie muniz buys half the seats everynight?) but in the end, the clipper fans get screwed, as does the talent that chooses to stay.

blake needs to join a big time city that can market him right and surround him with a great crew. i hate to admit it but nba is big business. you'll sell 100x more griffin jerseys if it says lakers instead of clippers. that kind of stuff plays with agents, players and fans. it's not pretty but it's sadly true. case in point: miami &gt; cleveland.
not bad company at all. i still marvel at wilt's utter dominance to this day. in his prime he was farther ahead of his contemporaries than any player before or since.
he was better in chicago for sure, but when the guy is hot he is gold. in my opinion he's one of the best off the bench shooters in the league.
absolutely. i expect shane to be a successful head coach somewhere once his playing days are over.
upvoted!
i enjoyed the game threads over in the r/nfl this season. it seems like it would be nice here too, though a little more difficult to manage with the faster pace of basketball and greater number of games played.
this team needs a floor leader desperately. gotta wonder if the cavs are just in the jared sullinger sweepstakes.
nobodys saying it wasn't dirty but this is the nba, shit like that happens all the time. no ones saying it was a legit foul, i just find it humorous that somehow a dirty hip check should result in suspension and fining? are you kidding me?

far far worse has happened in the nba before.

that is awesome. you have good taste in music, and basketball teams.
well he pretty much did do it. ramon is actually a step up from last year. he's a guy who can score fairly well on his own unlike mo. i think if lebron was there they could start manny and mo then ramon could come off the bench. the guy did win 60 games the year before shaq was there so i mean its not completely out there to say 45. i think jordan could bring this team around 45 wins. i'm not saying that lebron is as good or better than jordan its just his style fits a team that is of lower caliber. i don't mean this as a knock on jordan at all.
as a celtics fan i am tempted to agree with you but here's the thing: a team like the celtics represents a city with a long tradition of sport domination. even if they are relegated for a season or two, it won't be long before they are back up again. they might entice a good player on the potential of eventual success. pierce + a decent pf might bring them back to the majors in no time.
rockets faithful here, and yeah, battier is pretty much the best we have on defense (since mutombo left). his shooting's on and off, especially the threes, but i'll be damned if the rockets aren't one of the hardest working teams out there.

lowry, martin, battier, scola. we don't really have a superstar, and the playoffs are nearly out of reach, but they play their hardest every night, and even against the basketball giants (cough lakers cough), the rockets aren't crushed.

we're just missing that yao.
shane battier, al horford, paul millsap, z-bo, luol deng, taj gibson, shannon brown, kirk hinrich, josh mcroberts, michael beasley, nene, grant hill, stephen curry (who probably gets the most attention out of these players), brook lopez, and eddy curry...........lol j/k!!!

some of these guys don't always have consistent nights, but i like watching how hard they work despite rarely having the spotlight.
why would kl play for a last place team? if minny is on the d-league while they have kl then they can make a good case for recruiting a decent free agent. also, they would be able to draft some good players and work with that. surely under this model it might take longer to go from dl to above .500 nba team but it's not impossible, especially since the draft pool would be bigger, giving more players who might not be top notch in college the opportunity to improve their game. think how many draft busts there have been and for every kwame brown there's a manu ginobili possibility not getting the opportunity.
especially being a celtics fan, jeff ought to remember that larry bird was a trash-talking jerk too.  hell, a lot of the top all-time greats were cocky jerks, but could back it up with great performances.  michael jordan, magic johnson, bill laimbeer (it pains me to name him but i can't deny his impact on the pistons), etc.
that's the french equivalent of gooooooooooooooooool. 
then starks played 4 games with us during the 99-00 season.  at least he jumped on the good side briefly, despite the 90s dynasty being dead.
that first page information about his recruiting procedures were awesome.
there's a difference between playing hard and blatantly pushing someone in the back on a free throw.
the only criticism leveled at garnett that seems unfair to me is that of the 'fake tough guy.' players go on twitter *after the games* and talk about how he's not that tough. how he'd be worked in a real fight. nobody fights in the nba anymore. it's not worth it, especially for someone as good as garnett. many have said they want to put him in his place, but none have done it. and it's not for lack of opportunity. in this sense, everyone in the league is a 'fake tough guy.' their bravado is as false as his. 

people also say he goes after small players. sure, but it's not as if he targets them. he's gotten into it with duncan, howard, stoudemire, noah, boozer, etc. he's an equal opportunity offender. it's part of his game, and it's a damn effective part. he wants you to be pissed at him. he wants you to play angry. every player in the league has had an opportunity to 'handle their business' with garnett on the floor, but nobody has.
la&gt;la?

no, not management. it's the owner. he's a business man. can't blame him. haha. 
he has stated that the team has unlimited resources available to them. state of the art practice facility. they did match offers to elton brand and corey maggettee, not star talent but it's something. they signed baron davis and kept chris kaman around. the franchise is evolving. slowly, griffin will attract the talent he needs. 
do you follow the clippers?
are you aware of eric gordon season? 
deandre jordan's development?
rookies eric bledsoe and al-farouq aminu's stellar performance when the starters went down?
the completely revamped coaching staff? 
yes, their bench needs more and we need a sf (gerald wallace, :)) but when healthy, this team can compete: wins against san antonio, new orleans (when they both were the best teams in the league), denver, chicago (in chi), miami, and lakers. they had a 9 game win streak at home until gordon went down. 
the only decent thing clay bennett did when he stole the sonics from seattle was leaving their records behind
as long as you're honest about it, i guess it's ok.
just reading the name hue hollins boils my blood.  even though he was a terrible referee, at least [he subliminally called out dick bavetta on bringing cookies for a coach one game](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwnaoyon3vw).  it starts at 5:15 in this video, but the whole thing is pretty interesting.
do thunder fans consider that title theirs? i always like to antagonize laker fans by saying that five of their titles belong to the timberwolves.
isn't nike a product of a michael jordan?  he made them famous...?
i think that he heckled baron davis in the middle of the game is what has me convinced he's not a person to play for.  it wasn't even a respectful heckle, it was the type you'd expect from a drunk fan.  
at least people are starting to agree with me. i have a friend who's a big kg fan, and i'll tell him, "kg is such an asshole, but he's a damn good player." he then disagrees with me in the most idiotic ways for the next half an hour. players can be really good and still be assholes.

the thing that takes kg to the next level as opposed to the hyper competitive players that trash talk (like larry bird, micheal jordan, magic, ect.), is that he does really cheap shit on the court and is a real asshole off the court (not talking about his private life here), with retarded trash talk that has nothing to do with the game. 

jordan and bird's trash talk usually had to do with their amount of skill being better than other players, for example, during the 3-pt contest, larry bird walked in and just watched the other players, when asked what he was doing, he said, "i'm just looking for who's going to come in second place." or like when jordan trash talked rookie mutumbo by making a blind free throw and saying, "welcome to the nba". though i do agree that jordan could be a real asshole to people at times too (kwame brown), but he's not playing dirty and most of his talk comes from his game.

edit: i'd like to point out that i think kevin garnett is more in the vein of bill laimbeer. player that takes cheap shots and is a general dick.
fyi, i'm pretty sure the guy who hit the second buzzer beater also missed the free throws.
he did. owner is complete utter garbage. hopefully he kicks the bucket soon. haha. 
lets check out turnovers per game.
i was not convinced that he is a true jerk from that article. very competitive, but honestly, there are much bigger jerks in the league. i tend to think paul pierce is probably a bigger all around-asshole.
he's a lot more than a glue guy/6th man for the lakers.  in fact, he still plays 33.6 minutes per game, as compared to 34-37 min/game when he was on a "mediocre" team.  lamar odom has performed at pretty much the same level his entire career, and is indeed a good player, but i don't think being "stuck on the lakers" is really the only reason he's not an allstar.
he's been money for the w's this year.  
i'll admit that my clippers "expertise" is starting to date. i stopped paying attention around when brand left.

&gt; la&gt;la?

absolutely. as i tried to explain (poorly) in my last post, marketing and branding is very prominent in the nba. the clippers have the "eternal underdog" image. they are indeed becoming more and more likeable, they are putting impressive numbers at times and the wins are starting to stack but in the grand scheme of things, they will always be la's "other team".

again, not trying to rip on anyone's team but from a "sad truth" point of view, blake griffin will have a better career if he leaves. i won't blame you for defending your stance or even flaming me. that's what's expected of fans.
but see, that's the problem. i went by total wins produced, not by wp48, which is the equivalent efficiency (per minute) metric. johnson could play for 50 seasons and it still wouldn't matter, because he is not having a positive effect. evans is.

these stats are descriptive, not predictive. they tell us that evans has been more productive when he plays. a couple of years ago, durant's rookie season fared poorly with regard to wp and wp48. does that mean that the numbers "thought" he would be a bad player? no! it just meant that his rookie season wasn't very good. two seasons later his wp and wp48 skyrocketed. does that means that the metric doesn't work? no! it means that durant played poorly and then got better.

for both players we're talking about small sample sizes - young players have high variability over their first three or four years. yes, evans' sample has been even smaller, but he's been so good during his time on the court - and johnson so bad - that he absolutely deserves it more. that is, if you think the most productive players - rather than the most exciting (whatever that means) - deserve to play in all-star games. it's not even close. even win shares and per agree with wp here - johson's per is 10.27 (average is 15) and evans' is 23.52. according to per, evans' "value added" is 34.2. johnson's is -4.0.

i figure you won't change your mind - point totals and minutes played have warped your judgement. but if you're willing to go beyond the "stats don't mean anything - go watch a game!" argument, the numbers are available for you.
you suck.
how does ben gordon count?  he went to hs a couple towns over from me (mount vernon, ny), then to uconn.

the others are all good players though, i knew i was missing a bunch.
[i thought it was gonna be fisher's .4 sec shot](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr7z1pq2s5i)
i only counted majority owners.  otherwise, magic joins in too.
lol no one gets the joke, nice post.
also, artis gilmore - 23.8ppg, 17.8rpg, **5bpg**, 2.7apg

though i guess he was on an aba team at the time.
david lee
five blocks per game is beastly. 
the announcers seem surprised either team didn't surrender earlier.
agree to disagree.
agreed. put a great player on a crap team, the player will eventually either lose motivation and fizzle, or they'll desperately claw away to leave the team.

put a great player in a big market, achieving team, and it'll motivate them to play harder. a great team, great fans, great owner all have such an impact in keeping players motivated and pushing for more.
i hope he doesn't end up like carter...  i don't get that pre-madonna (is that the right description?) feel from him. blake seems to be all business. injuries are unavoidable and he's recovered well from a devastating **shattered kneecap** *damn*. 

speaking of carter though, i'm curious if we'll get a dunk contest show reminiscent of 2000 vince. best dunker ever. 
chamberlain averaged 50 and 25 his third year in the league. pretty ridiculous stuff. 
how does that even make sense? because the timberwolves play in the same city?

shouldn't five of those titles technically belong to the pistons with that logic?
with the amount of minor league baseball teams and different leagues, if basketball had something like that set up, i would be amazingly happy. i'd go to local games without a doubt. hell, i'd probably have a few friends if not myself playing in the lower leagues.
coming from a cav's fan?
add tony parker.
there are quite a few times where odom, pau and bynum are all on the court playing together.
i'll admit, he has a sort of early hakeem feel to him, in that his raw athleticism is obvious, but not particularly polsihed

also, the guys who went to college are way better
it's called boxing out. let the refs make the call if he thought it was too much, not pull someone's jersey like a sore loser.
i saw in an article when rivers got named as the east coach that they just take the team with the conference's best record's entire coaching staff.  


with each passing day, i'm less and less convinced that rudy is overpaid
he didn't, seattle and okc have a "shared history".
sixth man of the year hands down
stephan curry
i will say that after being bombarded with videos of griffin, i'm starting to get tired of his intense stare down after every play, while he chews on his mouthpiece.  it's probably just reaction to overexposure, but i'm starting to get tired of "the blake show."  
have you seen when andre miller was boxing him out? was that not a push either?
315 is dead on. was looking for that word. shared history is 100% the correct term.
which of those numbers are women he banged the night after a game?
no love for chuck klosterman?
again, let the refs make the call. you don't like the call, tell the ref. they'll watch for it. 

look i know what you're trying to do by defending your guy lamar odom and it's kinda cute but lamar acted like a sore loser punk. i had no problem with lamar before that but when he basically said that blake should relax when the game was locked but not over, i realized lamar just doesn't give a shit as much as other players and that's bullshit. you're in the nba, you play hard til the final whistle. if you disagree then you got some serious bias. in fact, kobe even defended griffin by saying he thinks you should play until the final buzzer regardless of score.
i wish i could upvote you twice for putting shoals and ziller atop your list. the z-graphs were really incredible and i still reference them in basketball discussions, and i basically scour the internet looking for new shoals stuff now that fanhouse is dead and freedarko is basically inactive. the idea of the positional revolution has actually started to get some traction, even though shoals doesn't get enough credit for recognizing the idea and coining the phrase. he rants here http://bit.ly/g2el2a 

simmons on the other hand...where to start. he is a great basketball writer (boston bias aside) and he really knows his shit. his ego is really starting to overshadow the great insight he has. he loves to pat himself on the back and self-reference (esp. his book), and don't get me fucking started on the capitalized theory name. but all of that obfuscates the fact that he loves the game and is as knowledgable as any writer out there.
fort wayne is in indiana if the pistons played in minnesota as well then i guess you got me there but from the looks of it they haven't played there. i use the thunder not touting the sonics titles and (in football) the ravens not flaunting the legacies of jim brown and bernie kosar from the browns as examples because they didn't win those titles in that city. i the celtics won their 11 russell titles while they played in kansas city as the kansas city celtics then it wouldn't be fair to say that the boston celtics won 17 titles. to me the city is more important than the team and if you can find any old time los angeles lakers fans who happily go over the good old days where george mikan and his minnesota lakers dominated the league you will have me there. if you go around boston or philly you can find geezers who fondly remember cousy and greer, not so much with the lakers pre-west.
blame the media.
they're saying shuler (the player) not shooter. 
the minneapolis lakers were the detroit gems before being bought and relocated.

and are you so sure about that last point? have you gone around la asking old people if they remember hot rod hundley? i'm sure most people will fondly remember elgin baylor that were old enough to watch back in the day considering those players moved to los angeles, from minneapolis, along with the titles they won.
blazers pinwheel please... (and thank you).
i never really got the impression that vince was a pre-madonna, in fact he was always pretty humble and more then wanted to share the spotlight with somebody like mcgrady if he had stayed. i felt he just started to resent the media, and the fans to some extent, because he was frustrated with the injuries he was dealing with and that he couldn't live up to sky high expectations we had for him.

 i mean there was a time when people were talking about vince as the next jordan, that's alot to live up to and vince always seemed to shy away from that kind of expectation. 
it's prima donna, meaning "first lady" in italian. 
yeah, but the spurs often go with parker-neal-hill on the floor, and that doesn't make george hill a sf.
they say that he once banged 100 in one night.
don't know if it were points or women, but certainly rims were repeatedly fucked that night.
this is the same as tyreke evans buzzer beater except just amazing commentary.
i think that, when the whole "blake show" is diminished, he needs to polish his skills in order to not depend exclusively on his physicality, in order to sustain great performances over the years.
it is possible to factor in that he got to sit on the bench for a year and that does add *some* experience.
magic is an unpredictable team for me.

the east side got a lot harder for them this season, with the new heat and the maturing bulls along with the everlasting celtics.
but in the playoffs, you never know what they're gonna do. will dwight get 30 pts and 20 rebounds through a hole series? will the supporting cast hit 20 3's in a decisive game? will turkoglu have amazing performances in the post-season?

they may be able to surprise some of the contenders, but my personal opinion is that their "title window" has closed for now. and with dwight maybe going away, who knows what they'll be able to do in the next few years.
lamarcus aldridge &gt; tim duncan. all day.
its not about the trash talk.  you can trash talk.  i dont think anyone minds that.  but its the overt displays disdain he shows for an opponent.  mj was better than anyone else out there, but if they played good defense, he woudl tell them.  none of those old stars hit players balls, stepped underneath them, ran into them on purpose and then pretend they didnt do anything.

yeah they hated some players and there were rivalries and hard fouls (michael and reggie, bird and pistons and magic), but its the way garnett carries himself.

i remember when the bulls played boston in the playoffs.  garnett was injured (or maybe it was regular season, and ben gordon missed a critical shot and it was the end of the game, garnett got off the bench and gave him an earful for what? just to show that he was superior?  thats a pretty dick move
wha? and be fined or suspended for a few games without pay? it might be chump change to some players, but to others its not.  if you go out there to purposely to try to hurt players or pretend you're not doing anything thats the worst.
yeah i think so.  he's just a prick.  has to show everybody who's the main guy on the floor
do you not see the cheap shots he takes at people? 
**lebron james** - 20.9^ppg 5.5^rpg .7^bpg 5.9^apg

**carmelo anthony** - 21.0^ppg 6.1^rpg 0.5^bpg 2.8^apg

**kevin durant** - 20.3^ppg 4.4^rpg .9^bpg 2.4^apg


it completely depends on how he grows into the nba. the roy will give him the boost necessary but the question is can he become one of the elites out there? keeping your scoring and gameplay consistent is really hard and gets only harder as the season progresses. griffin is one of the best dunkers at the moment and he can drive to the basket without any difficulty but teams will eventually get to him. he has to include a variety into his gameplay and work on that in order to get to the top. he has shown a lot of potential so far. only time will tell what's gonna happen.
co-sign.
oh i think he's recognized - he just needs to get off that team (or get a ton of help) to get his props.
i saw dre welcome young buck to the nba.
you managed to write four paragraphs, ignore my lone point, and then call me a "stats are stupid" guy.  strawman much?

it's not statistics that i dislike, it's their improper use.  i actually love stats because they get people to think about aspects of the game that have been ignored or not easily charted (like rebounding percentages and usage rates).  but the only metric that could conceivably begin to compare these two players would have to account for the quality of their opponents.

wes johnson starts, so he matches up with the best sfs in the league every night.  durant, granger, pierce, artest - those types of players.  jeremy evans watches on the bench until his team gets ahead or behind by 15 points, then goes in to match up against rookies, benchwarmers and journeymen.

have you ever played a pickup game against people significantly younger (or older) than you?  jeremy evans appears to help his team because it's easy to produce against those players.  i don't care if you want to compare them using per, wp, offensive rating or whatever - i'll take a rookie who can get a per of 10 against top-notch opponents over someone who gets a per of 23 against scrubs any day of the week.  why would i want a player who only produces in garbage time?
waste of space.
wins do count for something - in the mvp race. allstar is simply about which players are playing the best basketball, and on that basis, it's impossible to exclude love.
yeah tim duncan's highly contested jump shot to fisher's .4 shot. that was some crazy shit right there. 
unfortunately this whole thread is not at all about the sonics or the thunder, this was all just an excuse for the op to continue to try to razz laker fans.  ironically he says laker fans have no sense of history and yet he himself was not rooting for the celtics (his supposed team) four years ago when the boston garden crowd was chanting mvp for kobe.  he's a bandwagon celtics fan and a troll who is best ignored.
that article may not convince you that he's a jerk (it is from a celtics blog, after all), but maybe [this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fascljtnj4i) will help you see where the criticisms come from.
there are a lot of big jerks out there in the nba. kevin garnett, paul pierce, lebron james but no one really cares as long as they play what they are expected to. just cuz you dont like the person doesn't mean you should hate his game. in many cases, their games also prompt people to hate them even more. that being said, i hate garnett as a person but he can literally rip apart any defense in the nba. i guess that's why people hate him with a passion.
i don't think the magic have been given enough credit for the complete overhaul they made with their roster. 

everyone is really feeling boston to win the east right now, but with every single game miami and orlando are gelling more and getting better (whether or not that shows up in the box score). i think orlando could be pretty tough come playoff time.
missing: assists per game (3.6). many of the players on this list never even averaged 3 per game.
i just want to know what led them to come up with this absurd idea. "hey baby, you know what would be awesome? if we smelled the exact same."
just having blake isn't going to attract other talent, probably the same way lebron wasn't able to attract any major talent to cleveland
way to hijack a thread.
true. 
how about this little guy named eric gordon? people forget about him. he's more valuable to the clippers than blake right now. plus it's la, not cleveland. 
i wanna be like mike!
well i guess averaging 26 ppg, 9 rpg and 2.2 blocks per game is bad?
i have no idea why i didn't even mention garnett's cheap shots in my original comment.  i named laimbeer, but he just roughs you up without any cheap shots.

garnett is the king of dick moves in the nba.  i think it's what [alperdd](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fh1hc/an_interesting_writeup_of_a_fans_love_for_a_jerk/c1fw5m5) mentioned that he wants you to play angry, because of the old saying, "a mad player is a bad player."  that's how he tries to win.
magic are in a different convo then the heat, celtics and bulls. they'll be lucky to get to conference finals and i don't think they have much of a shot at all at a ring. 
cavs 1 if you could. thanks!
no, we do not. 
i'm still pretty much on topic... just down the road and around the corner a bit.
he definitely has a budding low-post game outside of dunking and alley-oops. in his 47 point game against indiana (not the best defense, admittedly, but roy hibbert on the block) he only dunked once, i think. 

but i agree with what you said. nobody can rely on pure athleticism for long, and it seems to really show who's working hard and who isn't. 
that's weird, most knick fans that i know hated the bulls because they were better. i don't think i know anyone that believes otherwise. plus we didn't even win when jordan was off playing baseball. you gotta find new knick fans to hang out with. :p
i'll just leave this here 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mmuo97qgbe
no one on your team will get an all-star place on either of the three teams. u mad?
nope. what's going to happen is that players that mouth off are going to disappear, which isn't a bad thing.
just you
and if this "leave now" mentality continues, the clippers may never shed that "other team" label. sure, they might never reach laker stardom, but at least let them enjoy blake's rookie season before you go putting him in another jersey. 
sad truth, just gordon/griffin isn't enough to validate this team. but i'll take what i can now. so does the rest of the clipper nation. 
i don't go around counting down the days till kd leave okc. or when rondo will realize he's surrounded by old farts. or when d will leaves utah, the jazz look like a bunch of d leaguers. 
go clippers. 
"there's always next year!"
lamar, you clearly have no respect for laker fans to throw the haters a bone like this :facepalm:
according to the consensus, andre was just playing hard until the final whistle.
i knew i should have placed some references before posting.
this is going to be a widely unpopular opinion, but the dude is cocky as shit. he's not too upfront about it. he's certainly not pounding on his chest and yelling all the time, but the manner in which he carries himself is going to get under other players skin way more effectively and quickly than players that are more loud about it.

taking the ball and putting in on the ground after making a basket, the deep stares when he knows he just dunked on you or was about to before being fouled, all of that stuff adds up. it's not really seen by anyone and i doubt many people will ever agree with me, but that's just how i'm seeing it.
its not just you, i see that cockiness too. unlike other players who celebrate with chest bumps and high fives, he stares a player down while chewing that mouth guard. all his teammates pat his back while he just walks back to the bench. it's blatant ego but nothing new. kobe was the same way for a while.

blake is at 2.7 per game right now.  i'll compare it to the rookie seasons of a couple other names op listed.

* tim duncan: 3.4
* charles barkley: 2.5
* shaq: 3.7
* patrick ewing: 3.5 (third year, first season over 50 games played)
* david robinson: 3.1

i'd say blake is doing pretty well in that stat category as well.  some of the other guys on the list had turnover rates way lower, like dirk, but i believe he had at least a few ears experience playing in international basketball before joining the nba.  i didn't try finding his actual rookie season stats as a pro.
the worst thing is the "no upside-down headband" rule. i mean seriously, what does that accomplish?
ok, i know it's a general misconception that kg has nearly as many techs as dwight, but i must point out it's half of what howard has and there are plenty of [other big names with more than kg.](http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/fouls/sort/technicalfouls)

* **dwight howard** 15 technicals
* **amare stoudemire** 14 technicals
* **stephen jackson** 11 technicals
* **carmelo anthony** 9 technicals
* **chauncey billups** 9 technicals
* **kobe bryant** 8 technicals
* **deron williams** 7 technicals
* **andray blatche** 7 technicals
* **kevin garnett** 7 technicals
* **richard hamilton** 7 technicals

so your "main point" changed from "it's about sample size" to 'starters play against better players'. mmmkay.

but anyways, evans doesn't play against players who are significantly worse. why do you think he does? have you seen any data to suggest that? as i said, the "player x would have worse numbers if he was a starter" thing is silly; most bench players play as many of their minutes against starters as most starters. the best players in the league (who play the most minutes) undoubtedly play more minutes against bench players, so why not discount their statistics? 

i'll work on a post about it.
i was originally including assists, but later replaced it with blocks. assists are nice, but not *the* measure of a good big man. 
spurs 2 por favor
it's about respecting the game. that's not respectful. it's disrespectful
funny how he criticized baron for being out of shape, yet he still owes mike dunleavy sr. around $12 million dollars from his coaching days with the clippers.
it doesn't matter where your team is located.  crap franchises are crap franchises.  i'm not trying to offend clipper fans either, but they need a new owner and new city.  seattle, las vegas, or kansas city would be 3 good locations.
you mad.
i get more of a larry johnson feeling about him.  larry didn't have quite the jumps or height but much the same feel about him the first year.  larry's stats were 19.2ppg 11rpg and 3.6ast but only 0.6 bpg and 1 steal per game.
you can also blame espn for not shutting up with "the heatles" since they're the only ones still saying it.

sorry, just thought i'd throw that out there.
yes.
kg is a dick, and dwight bitches too much. they know the rules.
&gt; also, the guys who went to college are way better

that's exactly why i like the "one year in college" rule.  i wish more guys would stay longer than one, but on the other hand it's not fair to those colleges having those "one and done" players who would have rather entered the draft straight from high school.
he is the one picking the fights. 
i smell an andrew bynum/dwight howard trade comin...
goddammit that commentary is annoying.
all you have to do is watch any clippers game to see what you're talking about.  i'm sure most in /r/nba either haven't watched one or just haven't paid close enough attention to blake griffin.  he is a large, intimidating young man out there.  with how uncontrollably beastly he is, guys like lamar odom and kevin garnett are going to do what they do to control and intimidate him.
don't know how i feel about this. i am not against resting him the whole season.
do it mitch!
where the lakers get boozer, magic get bynum, and the bulls get howard? yeah, i could smell that.
the issue isn't baylor, he won nothing, it's george mikan and he won his titles in minnesota as the leagues best player and marque star. the center of pro basketball in the 50's was in minnesota and those titles belong to minnesotans. george mikan was also the guy who brought back basketball to minnesota and he was always at timberwolves events and hardly set foot in the state of california. if they won those titles in detroit as the detroit gems in the nba then they would be detroit's nba titles (the gems were an nbl team). if you need more of an argument look at your team's name, the los angeles lakers, as in land of ten thousand lakes, as in minnesota. there are no lakes in los angeles and the minnesota lakers won no titles for los angeles.

edit: also let's say for argument's sake the laker's ownership changed their name to the stars or something better suited to los angeles. wouldn't the new minnesota franchise have been the lakers a la the browns?
shit. if i was a rookie and dunking all over the place or scoring on you and grabbing rebounds and shit, and then you man handled me or tried shoving me every time down the court, i'd stare you down and chew my mouth piece too. 
agreed. incredibly annoying, crappy journalism. kid can sure do some impressive stuff though.
you said it well.  nba players all have their different ways to win.
i think more players should be giving him crap on the court, standing there and getting dunked on can't be too fun. someone's got to stand up to him when he just steamrolls over you.
the worst nba team would still destroy the best d-league team.  every single player on an nba team has successfully made it to the nba, the most competitive basketball league in the world, whereas maybe 1 or 2 d-league players will ever make it to the nba.
i don't think it will.

furthermore, i like a little heat in my chili.  trash talk, hard play, and genuine emotions all have their place in the came.  sure, some players cross the line, but what is considered normal for kg is considered an easy tech for most rookies.  

if there's a legitimate reason you should get a tech, i say that you get the call and nothing happens in game.  no free throws, no ejection (barring extreme circumstances or fighting).  fine a player after the game (proportional to their salary and enough to make it somewhat of a deterrent), but don't let a players attitude directly affect the scoreboard. 
you still can't explain away the minnesota rights to the titles (in a perfect world the lakers would be called the stars or the knights or something) and the timberwolves would be the lakers. btw you have no way to prove that i'm a bandwagon fan in the same sense that i can prove the lakers titles (and george mikan's legacy) are in minny. i will give you that i've lived in many towns (military and parents work brat) and i've lived in san francisco (till i was 6), boston (12), san antonio(15), boston again (16), back to san antonio (17), dallas (18), and finally back to san antonio (22). so i could have hopped on four bandwagons (the early 90's warriors, tim duncan and david robinson's spurs, dirk's mavs). brilliant idea for me to shack up with pierce and the wiggle. given the laker's history of bandwagon fans (every rapper alive that hasn't set foot in cali until they got famous) you're much more likely to have been a bandwagon fan you were probably pretty quiet from 92 to 97 and you'll probably be sporting a blake griffin jersey in the near future.
andre miller didn't exactly take a liking.
my favorite player in the nba, ever
it's sad because they're so good in 2k.
i don't think it's fair to throw in kg and moses in this comparison, they're both high school guys.
greg oden being one of them??
this is funnier than anything snl has put out in the last year.
i'm sorry, i always hope for good things for the clippers but i can't see anything until sterling just dies.
i've definitely noticed this as well.  there's also a lot of instances where he's blatantly shoving people in the back while fighting for a rebound, and i've seen him either tackle or try to kick other people while he was on the ground going for a loose ball.  a lot of the times that other players get mad at blake are for instances like this (see andre miller, lamar odom, etc.)   
yeah, blake's style easily makes him a big hit with fans and a big target with other teams.  i'm sure there are vets on each other team that are eager to put blake in his place.  
it's a trap!
jackson got thrown out of the game against boston tonight by arguing with the refs, so he's up to 13.  
this. there's a difference between trash talking and the kinda antics kg pulls. and the fact that most of his ridiculous ones are against the smaller players.
i personally don't have a problem with that kind of quiet cockiness, backed up with hustle and intensity.  every top scorer has that killer instinct and each one has their own routine to keep that mental state flowing.

the best ones (like jordan) do not permit their teammates to give less than a full effort too.

i don't know if it's people picking a fight or just fouling him hard because it's better than being embarrassed when he dunks on you. 
i'd love to see garnett try one of his cheap punk-ass tricks like popping him in the junk while he goes up for a shot.  garnett chooses his targets carefully.  griffin would make garnett pay. 

if lebron cared more about defense, he would be a good physical matchup.
one and done is a joke at the college level. i would rather see them go pro out of high school than go to college with no intention of staying more than a year. 
imagine you're a veteran, you finally have the league figured out, you know what animals to expect every night, you know what you're going to get when you play the heat, or the celtics. then all of a sudden this 6'10 behemoth comes out of nowhere, is much bigger than you, must faster than you, and much much stronger than you, and he's dunking on top of your face. and he's a rookie. and he doesn't care about your feelings. yeah it might piss me off too...
lakers 2 please
agreed, did you see that look on his his face at 0:40 in this link

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhic-sldqec

although it is kind of refreshing to have that kind of guy in the buddy buddy aau era where everyone wants to be on the same team.
that was pretty funny though.
they need to hit the gym. 
no need for a reference. we all know what you're talking about. fact of the matter is, griffin plays hard. every possession, he makes it count. in playing hard, he's gonna bump and rough up some people like odom. unnecessary at times? maybe... but its playing hard. its not saying he plays dirty but he plays aggressive and sometimes a bit unnecessarily.

bumps and pushes here and there and you're gonna get an answer back eventually. i.e. andre miller tackle.
i don't blame lebron for leaving the cavs to go to a better team. the reason i think he is hated is because the manner in which he left the cavs. not telling the owner, or at least giving him a phone call. then to have a one hour special which everyone sits around and waits for him to see where he was going. he spit in the face of his old team, if he would've handled it better he probably would be seen in a much better light, instead of playing for the most hated team in the nba now.
we need griffin :-)
since when does lebron not care about defense?  he's one of the best shot blockers i've ever seen that plays the sf position.
he did great today against golden state. happy birthday, man.
so gay.

**edit:** let me just add i think this video is ridiculous. sure the refs shouldn't be all pally pall with the coaches or players. but, those arenas are fucking loud. people put their arms around other people when it's loud and they ate trying to hear them. and i was just relating that i think them thinking that putting their arms on someone is akin to them just saying "look at that fag putting his arms around that other dude, gross."
[you and the la times](http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-sp-blake-griffin-bruises-20110208,0,2476683.story)
oh yeah! just like how you respect what the fans think about the downfall of the nba since michael jordan's 2nd retirement!

i know you're not the real david stern.  i just had to rant for a bit.
oh snap, he's getting ready to surpass stat!
c'est incroyable! c'est incroyable!
certainly that's what the rule is supposed to eliminate.  that's not all that's being enforced.  emotional guys like joakim noah that display anger/disappointment on something that happens get hit with technicals too.  even when it's not targeted at a player or referee.
that summarizes every game for those two.  depending on the assigned refs, it will hurt their team or help them.
"he keeps going until you say, 'holy crap'!"
and lawyer up. 




there is a new cba on the horizon
i heard talks a few weeks ago about how players are sick of it and are out to get him.  we shall see if anything comes of it, but big names want to embarrass him from what i've heard
oh wow, that was just today! me and lisa think alike. 
i met a bobcats fan once.

they really deserve to have more fans. they're a borderline playoff contender and have less of a fan base than golden state who has no chance.
sickening. then i watched this after: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvkkdxlwt0u

and the response of the nba is to tell players to complain less and to fine coaches who speak their mind to the media?
...and that's fucking awesome. too much buddy-buddyness in the league. all these stars from different teams being friends is hard to watch. i'd take this mouthpiece biting cockiness anyday.
nba doesn't have that much talent
it was a damn shame that donaghy got himself involved with some shady people as well as caught by the fbi.  david stern not cleaning house after donaghy's incarceration basically defended the shady actions the other referees do too.  if you think about it, donaghy sacrificed a little over a year of his personal freedom, his job, and his marriage to prove to the world that there is some corruption happening in the nba and it desperately needs to be fixed.  now every sports fan is aware of it and stern is trying too hard to sweep it under the carpet.

have you read donaghy's book **personal foul**, by the way?  it's a great read.  i finished it 2 months ago and loved it.
it's a popular thing to say that superstar scorers automatically don't play defense. especially from people who don't actually watch games and just look at the box score.
don't get me wrong, i would be too. hell i just got back from playing some pick up games with people that would never even make a high school freshman team, but when i was running down three or four times in a row and pulling up for three point land i had a little pep in my step. 

i posted that more or less because i've seen posts where people were trying to claim he was the most humble and least cocky player they've ever seen when that's not the case.
the heat as a team aren't the best group of defenders.  i think that's what makes people forget about how good lebron actually is on defense.
i honestly don't hate him for it, i just thought that some posts i had read in the past about him being so humble were a bit misguided. we'll see if as he matures how he gets some of these guys to play around him. he'll have the draft pick this year and have a chance to pair up with some raw talent and it would be nice to see him be the leader and get the clippers playing well.

i think it would be amazingly fun for a lakers - clippers rivalry to really get going.
&gt;he does things with two balls most of us couldn't do with one, then he does it backwards just to rub it in!

horrific, horrific journalism. find a new career buddy.

props to the kid, though.
was actually at that game with some dirty miami fans in front of us and i was loving when blake went at chalmers, because well, i'm a lakers fan. i didn't know at the time what was going on or why it had happened.

that face is pretty much what i mean though. i think in all honesty that something like that is going to be more of a reason for someone to target him than him going crazy after a dunk. look at durantuala, he's getting pretty emotional during games and what not and aside from boshy poo no one's ever really had an issue with it.
downfall of the nba since mj's retirement?

have you watched the nba the past few years? it's almost better than ever.
that fact was, indeed, funn
right, it's getting better now, but you certainly remember 10 years ago, right?
watch out and1, there is a new professor on the way...


what led to the hornets leaving charlotte?
can i get the nba logo?
of course. the jailblazers era. 
every day is dre day in pdx.
i love me some bill simmons.
this is the issue. it is more acceptable to be a showboating clown (not saying durant is) than to be an intense quiet guy that lets his play speak for him.

i guess other players are just scared of it because they arent used to it.
we need to bring back sheed. nobody can throw down a tech like him.
from what i saw in the lamar odom exchange, lamar was just being a baby. maybe there was something that happened before the actual incident, but all i saw was the clip not that whole game.
the whole "star system" is bullshit. the nba has the worst professional refs in the world.
well golden state, while not making the playoffs in like forever, is a really exciting team. monta ellis, stephen curry, dorrel wright is probably one of the best backcourts (at least offensively) in the nba. add in david lee, and you have some exciting, high scoring team with some amazing talent. if only they could play some defense and make few mistakes.
lebron is beastly defender.
a few of questions about that.

1. would you have gone to this game if it was a lakers home game or not due to expense? i want to see if sterling's strategy of being the lesser team to make money is working. also are you an active fan of both la teams?

2. what do you mean by dirty? were they making low blows at la teams or were they just lesser bandwagon jumpers?

3. i'm going to ask this question on the board in general but i might as well start here. what's more exciting to go to this year, lakers games or clippers games? i'm curious to see what gets la fans more pumped the reigning champs or the blake show.
gay is not a pejorative.

*looks at username...  damn troll.
shot blocking is one of many defensive skills. helping out on screens, playing position defense, denying the passing lanes all count too. i just don't think lebron has the defensive intensity of kevin garnett. 
lakers would never take boozer for bynum.  both are too injury prone and bynum has a greater inside presence.  even as a laker fan i think the idea of carmelo, amare and howard in nyc would be the best team to watch of all time. please make it happen nba!
their problem is that they can't get past the celtics. we're one of the only teams that can single cover howard and stay home on their 3pt shooters
over 30% of the technicals issued this season have been subsequently rescinded. to me, that means either the refs, the administrators, or both are messing up
clipper games are more exciting. the arena announcers are just so much more animated than the monotone laker one. clippers play reckless, high flying basketball and have arguably a dynamic duo of gordon and griffin. 
then you have griffin and dj trying to dunk every damn ball. 
lakers are established, don't get me wrong but clipper fans don't talk a lot of shit, know their stuff and have more fun. 
plus there isn't a stupid "we want tacos" chant breaking out to ruin clipper games. 
pretty much sums it up right there.  i dont want to know what he'll be like in his prime.  scratch that.  i do.
"two balls between the legs!"

ಠ_ಠ
i've been watching the nba since the mid 80's. blake has something you don't see in alot of professional basketball players, true fire. i know that sounds crazy but it's true. so many players have the talent but very few have the drive to put 150% on the floor night in and night out. he just seems to want the ball more than anyone else out there. i won't pretend to know what his future holds but i'm guessing he'll make a large impact on the history of the game.
i was one of them yesterday when they beat the celtics...
temporary fanhood: does it count? :)
wikipedia.
showering this kid with attention and cameras is a sure way to have him peak early and amount to not much.

stop worshipping behind-the-back garbage and let him learn strong fundamentals.

also, let's hope he doesn't grow up to be 5'4.
bulls please. thanks
golden state has some history though
&gt;i don't think it will.

why? you haven't noticed less talking back to the refs this season already?

&gt;furthermore, i like a little heat in my chili. 

this isn't about what you want. it's the direction that the commissioner wants to take the sport in.

&gt;if there's a legitimate reason you should get a tech, i say that you get the call and nothing happens in game.

if you want to see rough play and hitting without repercussion, you should watch football. you're basically saying that technical fouls shouldn't exist.

&gt;don't let a players attitude directly affect the scoreboard.

isn't that going to happen anyway? players are still allowed to be frustrated, and depending on the player, that can affect the scoreboard either way.
&gt;emotional guys like joakim noah that display anger/disappointment on something that happens get hit with technicals too. even when it's not targeted at a player or referee.

i'm going to say that the refs look at game tape too, and are trying to determine when to call a technical with the new rules, just as much as the players are trying to play with the new rules. the refs will have it down come playoff time.
the point is the same: not all minutes (and the stats that come with them) are created equal.  you can't compare evans's data against johnson's without adjusting for the level of competition.  it's the same reason the ncaa scoring and rebounding leaders often don't see their success translate in the nba - they play against inferior compeition and can't make the step up to the next level.

and for clarity, you can't say things like "most bench players play as many of their minutes against starters as most starters".  not only is it a confusing sentence, but evans is not "most bench players" - there is a huge difference between a non-starter who is a regular in the rotation and the 12th man at the end of the bench.
andre miller no likey blake griffin
**shawn kemp** - 13.2^ppg 7.2^rpg 0.8^bpg

**amar'e stoudermire** - 13.5^ppg 8.8^rpg 1.1^bpg

by rule, it definitely takes high-school guys a little longer to get acclimated. lebron is obviously the exception. 
i haven't even heard that on espn, so i don't think it's catching on.
9rpg isn't exactly stellar especially for a supposed elite pf. the best stat to look at would be percentage of rebounds grabbed. among starters in the nba amare doesn't even rank in the top 20. he doesn't even rank in the top 15 in the eastern conference. the 26 points is irrelevant as i noted he's a good offensive weapon, but he's soft elsewhere. all 2.2 blocks a game tells me is that on 2-3 plays a game he was in the right place at the right time. stat's don't make a player. take a guy like kendrick perkins, or ben wallace.. two of the best defensive centers in the nba but their stats aren't going to wow anybody. however a guy like perkins has been the difference in a number of games against the magic over the past three years, when he consistently shuts down howard.
so close yet so far. could've been overtime easily if it weren't for that last play.
mavs are the best team in texas.
parker was already mentioned by ryanr345
the kid is a punk...he's like the kid in gym class that would try too hard.

...let the hate train begin...
[here you go](http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/sport-front-page/2010/09/30/flash-gordon-115875-22596836/) (born in another country): 
i give him about 3 years, then his joints are going to catch up with his style of play.  after that we'll see how great he is if he can adapt his game.  it kills me, but i can pretty much say the same about my beloved d. rose...though rose is starting to develop a pretty sweet exterior shot and learned the power of the almighty assist...for griffin though, being a pf he's going to have trouble being good without the high-flying acrobatics.  his only hope is to transition into a defensive beast and learn to play the sf spot if he can develop a better post game and exterior shot.
quit trying to take the heat off of the spurs. you don't fool us.
watch your language. that is not their name. their name is the trailblazers. their name is not jailblazers. it's disrespectful
this stuff is a joke, i love how sensitive this generation is about their superstars... or the superstars are for that matter. kg as are players like pierce, allen, kobe, and a few others are the last of the truly great generations of basketball players. kg would have fit in perfectly in the 80's playing against/with the bird celtics, bad boys, ect. 

the article talks about fights with team mates... jordan punched out his team mate over a practice dispute. anyone remember the bad boys and bird and his celtics? those were tough, dirty, physical teams. would love to see the twitter feeds from todays players having to play against those guys.

garnett has been the ultimate professional off the court. no run ins with the law, community service work, all the stuff you don't hear about from guys like kobe, iverson, ect. no one has ever questioned his heart or desire to win and work on the court (ie lebron). 

people are to quick to forget what basketball was 15-20 years ago. there was none of the superstar treatment where guys like lebrick or kobe can go untouched and somehow end up shooting from the charity stripe. the elbow that kg through in the heat series wasn't even that bad, and if you watch the clip was actually the retaliation from a hit that had been thrown to big baby. there isn't a better defensive player in the league, and there surely isn't another player in the league that commands the kind of intensity out of his team mates that garnett does. 
it wasn't in his book. i did get a chance to meet wilt in a bar when he was in his early 60s, and i can say that he did leave with 6 hot chicks in their 20s.
go back and watch the bad boys or the 80's celtics... kg doesn't play any different than they played then. the players in the league now are soft, and expect to much from the officials and sympathy from the fans. garnett plays the game the way it was meant to be... tough, physical, hard nosed defense, and with a team mentality. players like lebron could learn a lot from watching ticket play
it's convenient that your video didn't show the cheap shot that griffin took that caused the commotion. 

[here's another video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvvqow7ohio)
haters gunna hate.
&gt;if you want to see rough play and hitting without repercussion, you should watch football. you're basically saying that technical fouls shouldn't exist.

there would still be repercussions. if you get two techs, you're thrown out. the issue with technical fouls is that they're often rescinded after the fact, but teams have already been awarded a point as a result of the technical. there's no knowing what effect that has on a game in retrospect.

besides which, you're talking about flagrant fouls and not technicals.
it's the nba, why wouldn't you try hard? you wouldn't want that attitude from every player?
wow, didn't know we were that rare. i am a bobcats fan, ama.

i live ~3 hours from charlotte, [we have more important things](http://www.charlotteobserver.com/2011/02/05/2037328/unc-ready-to-threaten-duke.html) to worry about this week.
i couldn't careless about how the clippers do. the clippers were so desperate to sell tickets they had a variety of ticket packages this year that were just stupid cheap. for $300 i got tickets to 8 games. 2 of them against the lakers, orlando, chicago, oklahoma, boston, miami and denver. seeing those teams and those players is the main reason me and my friends copped the tickets. griffin of course was an added bonus.

last season we got to sit in the first row behind the clippers bench against the thunder for $80. before the game started we were within 10 feet of griffin for the entire shoot around.

no reason they were dirty, just a saying. they were actually fun fans to talk trash to because they understood it was a game, we had no effect on the outcome and they didn't take themselves to seriously. unlike the bulls fan a few weeks later who tried to start a fight with every non bulls fan in our section.

i'd of course be more excited to go to a lakers game. the season ticket holders sell their tickets for an outrages markup and going to lakers vs boston or lakers vs miami would have literally cost a few hundred dollars for terrible seats in the upper deck behind the baskets or in a corner. the clippers have so many tickets available each game you can buy them at the window before tipoff.

i'd much rather go to a away game to see the lakers play. i think that would be the most amazing atmosphere ever with everyone hating on you all game.
&gt;plus there isn't a stupid "we want tacos" chant breaking out to ruin clipper games.

just audible mvp chants for opposing players throughout the entire stadium, hell at the bulls game half the stadium was chanting for scal-a-brine.
they should make it mandatory for every nba player to officiate at least one high school game so that they understand how difficult a referee's job is.
...and zero assists. the guards had 3 fg attempts each. no wonder they lost.
stephen jackson got a 2nd t last night for "what did i say? what did i say?"...

also, the more the nba makes rules to "control the game", the more it seems like they are trying to protect or cover up their terrible refs.
yeah, not sure its such a good idea for him to come back so soon. who knows, maybe he is that much better but seems like he's rushing back a bit.
yep, came here to say this.  50 pts don't mean shit if you don't come away with the w.  
eh? the heat are fourth in the league in defensive efficiency, giving up 99.8 points per 100 possessions. 
he's good, but not extraordinary. that is just standard ball handling work, there are tons of 11 and 12 year kids that do the same stuff.
who you going for?
hooray rockets!
i watched that game, and it was a great performance by the rockets (three game streak, woooo), but the foul calls were getting ridiculous. every little bump was called a foul, and though i don't mean to be a sore loser, one of the main reasons the nuggets came back was because of the refs.

there were 61 fouls called last night, and in my opinion, all these foul calls slow down and ruin otherwise great games.

i'm happy and all that we won, but i'm still jaded over the refereeing
so yes, sterling's pathetic strategy of being cheap just to suck in people who like basketball is working just fine.
jason "white chocolate" williams the early years
and the denver announcers... every call against the rockets was the "right call" even if the replay proved otherwise. what irked me was the call where kenyon martin pushed scola down and the announcers just kept defending kenyon by saying he was the strongest man in the world.
first of all, that comment was my opinion; i couldn't care less about what direction stern wants to take the league.

and though i have seen less talking back to refs, i don't think the game has gotten any better as a result. i still see refs with egos as big as the players, which to me is the biggest problem with the nba.

i don't want to see hitting without repercussions, but that's a far cry from saying i don't want any technicals. if a player battles inside then gets called for a ticky-tak foul, i almost want him to let out a yell in frustration... it shows they give a damn.
it's funny you say golden state since they have the same number of wins...but just happen to be in the better conference.

i'd like to get excited about the team but sports club stats (one of my favorite websites) says we have a [16% chance](http://www.sportsclubstats.com/nba/eastern/southeast/bobcats.html) of making it to the playoffs. combine that with the fact that the eastern conference blows (for the most part), and the fact that even if we do get in...we'll play a good team and probably go 0-4 in the first round (like last year), there's just not a whole lot to get excited about.

this win against boston was probably our best win all year, if you look at the [previous wins](http://espn.go.com/nba/team/schedule/_/name/cha/charlotte-bobcats), they all come against mediocre/bad teams (and even most of those are single digit wins). 

i am still a fan of course, but after larry brown left, i kind of lost hope and the team hasn't done much to regain my full attention.
rockets' kmart&gt;nuggets' kmart

i fortunately didn't have to listen to those announcers, and i did get to listen to the rockets' announcers, whom i think are the best in the league, though i am likely very biased.

even if you're rooting for your team, there has to be a line where you say "hey, that was actually a foul. i don't like it, but it's definitely a foul."
for some odd reason, when i read steve, i imagined this would be a shoutout to steve francis.
that's why i said they're not the best, silly!
here's a [photo](http://cache4.asset-cache.net/xc/85544162.jpg?v=1&amp;c=iwsasset&amp;k=2&amp;d=77bfba49ef8789215abf3343c02ea54876767703e29a07ff5656bed59ec42ab2677fb6bb8ed2b84ce30a760b0d811297) for comparison. collison on the left, holiday on the right.
yes... and it's the only reason i can afford to see nba basketball this year.
i'll see your sun's spurs game, and raise you the single most blatant playoff fix in the history of the nba: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=y4t5rmft5u8#t=132s

apologies for the terrible music, not of my choosing.
dude, i thought i was going to have a good day today....
i saw it quite a few times before i finally unsubscribed from espn's youtube channel.
and i'd like to add that aside from donaghy, that game had the other two of the top three worst officials in the nba, bob delaney &amp; dick bavetta (also known as "the company man")
&gt; even if you're rooting for your team, there has to be a line where you say "hey, that was actually a foul. i don't like it, but it's definitely a foul."

absolutely. honestly, the lakers announcers are pretty good at that. i have to tip my hat to them. 

and rockets kmart has been playing really well recently. i went to the bulls-rockets game in chicago (rose hits a 3 at the buzzer, rockets lose in ot, i get sad) and saw him disappear in that game. it is nice to see him get more and more comfortable in houston.
&gt; the more the nba makes rules to "control the game", the more it seems like they are trying to protect or cover up their terrible refs.

thank god someone pointed this out.

and i think it says a lot when the broadcasters spend a good amount of time talking about the reffing. i feel that stern allows the refs to throw these techs around to cover up the bad reffing.
[tarheels](http://www.reddit.com/r/tarheels/)!
i'm seeing them look at the replay equipment more and more as the season goes further.  perhaps this is a good sign?
i know, me too.   i just watched that one and this one (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhlgyvimpgq&amp;feature=related) and now i need to go be outside for a while and cool down.  


whats with the talk about him going to l.a.??
wow. that is one beastly team...

gasol at c, odom at pf, melo at sf, kobe at sg, fisher at pg...

replace fisher with a better pg and you got yourself an all star line up in la.

in a couple seasons, the nba is going to be the lakers vs celtics vs miami show...
he's facing dwight tonight.
it will be interesting, to say the least.
i wouldn't call bynum 'dime-a-dozen,' but he certainly shouldn't be enough to anchor a package for melo. he has shown no ability to stay healthy, and big men with knee problems like his tend to get even less healthy as they age. 

if it does happen, though, i'm not really sure it's that much of an upgrade for l.a. what melo brings to the table offensively goes without saying, but this would put a hurting on l.a.'s front court depth and defense. it slides pao to the five, which is fine against the heat, but it would cause serious match-up issues against the celtics and bulls.
i doubt this deal gets done.  and along with the fact, who knows if this will work.  too many cooks in that kitchen with melo.

and ruling for years?  not likely, the lakers over all are old.  they may get an extra year with melo in the lineup.  their window is rapidly closing like boston.
hell no. you guys are fine with big men. get griffin with chris paul. 
&gt;in a couple seasons, the nba is going to be the lakers vs celtics vs miami show...

kobe has 32, pierce has 33, garnett has 34 and allen has 35.
mid-term (5+ years) speaking, i don't expect them to be playing...
that's why an addition of melo (he's 26) would be huge for la.
and that's why the celtics gotta start thinking about the next few years.

i haven't watched many other local broadcasts, but i think msg has really fair(and awesome) commentary. walt frazier is hilarious with his rhymes and vocabulary. they always call it pretty fair, and can berate the knicks when they do something especially stupid.
no way, sean elliott for the spurs is the best. he'll be the first one to acknowledge a bad but favorable call.
problem?
no, there's not. there are nba players that can't do some of these drills. how many kids have you seen doing this? i've run multiple basketball camps for kids this age and none of them are even close to this level. 
if denver will take bynum for melo, i'd give it to them. la should take their shot at the threepeat this year and melo would be great for that. after that, they need to look at getting young. 

crazy thought, what if the lakers signed melo and then dwight howard signed on for next season?
[i would have to agree with that](http://i.imgur.com/ua6e0.png).
definitely the top comment. i watched a rocket game or two after reading that new york times piece. simply phenomenal. 
as a knicks fan, i hope it's just the nuggets trying to intimidate the knicks into giving more in a trade.

if it isn't, then we're going to see several more lakers championships in the next few years.
i think steve nash gets credit and attention. ellis is starting to get a lot of attention as well. 
on the other hand, i would argue that if you're able to put up 50 points on 75% shooting from the field, and still come away with a loss, you don't have enough support from your teammates. that, or the rockets just outplayed them - i'm not sure as i didn't watch the game.
i'm not sure this is what the lakers really need. it gives them a nice boost offensively but carmelo is inconsistent on defense which is where the lakers would suddenly be lacking if they lost bynum. just having bynum clog the lane and grab rebounds on defense makes him a valuable asset and it'd be difficult to fill that void with him gone.

also, how would this effect artest and barnes? the only way this would make sense is to get rid of one of the two and try to find someone to fill the front court to replace bynum. i think earlier this season the lakers found out what happens when gasol is asked to play too many minutes. he surged to start the season but has since slowed down considerably.

unfortunately, i think the only way a trade for carmelo would make sense is if they were able to trade walton, artest, and blake/brown or they involved a third team to get a replacement center.
love is an all-star and widely known outside of minnesota. he gets credit and attention.
"the nba's salary cap is a "soft" cap, meaning that teams are allowed to exceed the cap in order to retain the rights to a player who has already been on the team."
you can't keep throwing it down with such authority like him without some sort of retribution.  expect many hard fouls on him if he keeps it up.

gotta protect the paint somehow.
see [this](http://hoopshype.com/salaries/la_lakers.htm).
dwight howard going to take the minimum?
the celtics do still have rondo, who's only 24.  ray ray is a free agent this year, so we'll see if he resigns, but i'm sure they'll pick up someone young to pair with rondo as the big three gets older.
wouldn't help us in any way.
had 18 free throws to help him get there too.
doc rivers's knicks obviously played rough basketball during his playing days.  it only makes sense that he'd want that to continue with his celtics since it works well enough to the point of a championship year.
the only reason the lakers would do this is because of bynum's tendency to get injured.
no offense, but i watched the spurs telecast the other day and i *did not* appreciate this comment (i am paraphrasing), "that foul should be on scola's hair." this was followed by raucous laughter.
i have yet to see the msg commentary but i figured they would have a fair group. it seems like most of the teams with a knowledgeable fan-base have good announcers. 
team player :p
bird rights, trades, etc.

the lakers have to pay $1 for every $1 they're over the cap.

so they're paying an extra $27 million this season to the nba as a luxury tax penalty.
i'm a dj augustin and sjax fan.  does that count?
http://games.espn.go.com/nba/trademachine?tradeid=4sdapox

obviously dwight wouldn't be acquired in a trade, the trades to the magic just represent who you would have to get rid of to clear enough salary space. you would probably have to get rid of another player worth around 1.5-2m (or derek fisher could retire) to cover the 7yr max contract.

edit: i should add this is very unlikely, just wanted to demonstrate the numbers work to keep kobe, carmelo, and dwight.
probably similar results to the 2003-2004 lakers with all-stars gary payton and karl malone teaming up with shaq and kobe 

does anyone know if the cavs have an options as far as picking up a new player. isnt there a clause that you can sign a free agent if you have a ton of injuries? isnt there someone out there they could pick up or make a small trade for that might help them?
artest and bynum for carmelo would be ideal. hell, take walton.

artest is nowhere near what he used to be in terms of offense and defense. bynum is prone to being injured and walton is well, walton. 

i am a fan of melo, considering how difficult he is to guard. i could only imagine the kobe/gasol/melo and how deadly they would be on offense. 
do laker fans actually think this would happen? nobody wants bynum, luke walton, artest, and really any of the rest of the b-team.
&gt;besides which, you're talking about flagrant fouls and not technicals.

pretty sure i typed technical foul. you even quoted it.
"i could see them ruling the west for years."

considering the age of their best players and the age of durant and westbrook, i don't see that happening.
i agree.  that's what made the nba in the 90s so great.  players like patrick ewing and scottie pippen hated each other back then.  rivalry just takes the game to a whole new level of entertainment.  
if the reports of packaging nene are true this denver fan just started to cry.
i think this is a ploy by the nuggets to try and put some pressure on the knicks if anything. i think the offer off gallinari and chandler and a 1st round pick is better than bynum.
the refs suck anymore, but let's not kid ourselves, the refs are allowed to do this because the nba isn't about sport, it's about selling entertainment for $$$.

that said, i think that if they cleaned up the reffing, it would go a long way to building the league's reputation and viewership with people that have otherwise been put off in recent years.
had perkins stayed healthy in the finals probably would have been two championship years... so exactly my point. kg is just an in your face kind of player. if anyone else remembers bird played a lot of head games with opponents 
my son's 11 and he does basically the same stuff with other variations, he doesn't do the jump rope though, that was impressive, as well as his passing. many of the kids on his team (competitive aau) do same stuff and are better ball handlers than my son, so i would just imagine there are tons of other kids out there that can do the same stuff.
edit: i wasn't meaning to disparage the kids skills he's very, very good, but so are a lot of other kids.
the 70's 80's and 90's all were much more aggressive as far as team's battling.  whats funny is there are so many "thuggish" players nowadays that love to talk hard and everything, but all they really care about is money.  the old school guys loved the money for sure, but they also loved rivalries and battling, and if you were on another team, then you were the enemy.
right, but technicals aren't assessed for overly physical plays within the context of the game. if you're talking about hitting after the play then i stand corrected. even so, technicals are often assessed for things like [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzbpr-xbf2e). give rondo a technical there, fine, but can you honestly tell me the lakers deserved a free throw because of it? 
the nba definitely needs to get back to that.  
1 more game = $$$$$$$$$$$$$$, sad, but probably true for exactly that reason.  in fact the more i think about it it's probably true for all the major pro sports, even more so if a major market team (ny, la, chi, hou, mia, dal) makes it to the finals.
is it ok for me to laugh at them?  because i want to.
do knicks fans think that lakers fan actually want this trade to happen?
so, somebody like miami could add someone like dwight howard for a chap one-year deal and then pay him a max contract to re-sign him after the first year?
this is funny, same reporter, same station, same story, different kid.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biqvvrh_cey&amp;feature=related
he can also really [work a trumpet](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywsevt_i51w).
i got nothing but love for daniels.  marquis, baby, and wafer all play with heart, and it shows.  even when their stats are low, their defense is always on point.
ha ha! lebron over kobe by one point! take that kobe fans!
i really don't feel sorry for them at all. they were a shit team before they got lebron, and now, surprise surprise, they are a shit team without him. he was the only reason that they were ever any good. and they act like *he* owed it to *them* to stay when he wanted to leave? like spoiled little children. seriously, no sympathy. 

edit: let me clarify, i feel for the players on the team. its the fans i don't have any sympathy for.
til (from watching related clips)
joey crawford is a giant douche.
lol, he makes fun of everyone's hair. don't take it so personally.
which would also be the reason why the nuggets wouldn't be smart to do this. 
he should go to.....cleveland

i'm dying inside
bynum is far and away the best player of the players the nuggets have been rumored to get in a carmelo trade. of course with his injury history it's a gamble for the nuggets -- but the potential reward is much, much higher than if they got chandler and gallinari. we're talking about a 23 year old center who can put up 20/10 and play solid defense, who has unrivaled size, length and skill. 


most nba players need months to recover from knee surgery? brandon roy? 8 days. (last year's playoff series vs. phoenix)

but you know, i'm sure this won't have lasting impact or anything.
what? bynum has never been and will never be a 20/10 guy. chandler and gallinari are each better than bynum, and that's saying a lot considering gallinari isn't very good. you could trade him on potential/risk-reward 5 years ago. now he's a health risk with little room to improve.
new information coming out about a carmelo to lakers deal:

&gt;this is the kind of move we have come to expect from the los angeles lakers and gm mitch kupchak. out of nowhere they would turn lamar odom, some future prospects and cash into yet another superstar to help carry them through the next few seasons and perhaps even extend kobe bryant's career. in this case, the superstar would be the ever-popular carmelo anthony, whose pending trade continues to dominate headlines even though the nuggets themselves are showing little more than passing interest in actually trading him.

&gt;**here's where the lakers rumor comes from. the nuggets have long had interest in derrick caracter, whom they tried to buy outright under previous management. so the thinking is the lakers would send caracter, their $5 million traded player exception, lamar odom, and another piece to the nuggets in exchange for carmelo. that's not a terrible deal for denver. it's not a great deal, but it's not terrible, either. if the nuggets had no other offers on the table it might be reasonable to think they would consider such a trade, particularly if you believe they would even remotely consider trading melo in a three-team deal that netted them corey brewer and wilson chandler . . .which they wouldn't . . .even remotely.**

&gt;of course, that's not today's rumor from "sources" close to espn los angeles. no, today's sources have the lakers sending andrew bynum to the nuggets for carmelo . . .straight up. how nice would that be for the lakers? surely a trade like that would let kupchak eclipse miami's pat riley for executive of the year. unload a $15 million a year player who is injured 40% of the time and get an all-star in return.

&gt;surely the nuggets can do better than that. yes, they surely can.

&gt;the fact remains that melo's number one suitor - the new york knicks - are trying everything they can think of to put together a package, include a third team, anything to land melo before the trade deadline. the initial excitement over amar'e stoudemire and raymond felton has cooled as the losses have begun piling up, and new york is now just fifth in the eastern conference with philadelphia and indiana closing fast. they're still vastly better than last season, but they're also well short of where they would like to be.

http://www.hoopsworld.com/story.asp?story_id=18712&amp;utm_source=twitterfeed&amp;utm_medium=twitter
does this mean that the knicks have to start making offers to denver, since now they can't sit back and wait for melo to sign with them after this season (assuming he would sign a contact extension with la)?
can't stay on the court though. and for about $14 million a year? it's not like the nuggets need another bloated contract.
steve blake is what he is.
ray allen, paul pierce, kevin durant, daniel *boobie* gibson, james jones and dorell wright.
http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fg3l6/congratulations_to_the_cleveland_cavaliers/c1fok4j
different team right now, even outside lebron.  
people need to re-watch the nut shot to foyye (however the hell you spell it)  garnett had his back to him, and the guy was in mid air, garnett made slight contact with his hand so he could keep an eye on the ball and still know where his opponent was.  it was a freak timing incident that foye's balls and garnetts hand happened to make contact, and that guy milked it for everything it was worth.  i know i'm a bias celtics fan, and i know the guy can be an asshole (which used to be a good thing), but we're playing basketball people.  sit courtside at any game and i promise you will hear way worse things than any garnett quote that get blown up on espn.  
i hope the only reason why matt bonner is not on that list is his injury.
this was also my first thought upon reading about it.  bynum has huge upside and all, but it's impossible to ignore his history.  i don't see how their offer is better than gallinari/chandler +1st rounder at all.

and that's before we talk about how much this would ruin the western conference.  isn't one big broken trade for gasol enough la?
can't forget deleting him from facebook/twitter.
yeah, but most of the time when people say "they're not the best x," it's a nicer way of saying "they aren't any good at x." 29 teams aren't currently the best defenders in the league, so what you're saying isn't particularly relevant.
no, you have to play for a team for 3 years before they can get what are known as "bird rights", which is then the ability to sign a play for max money.  so dwight howard would have to play for miami for three years on minimum contracts (say like 3 years for $5 million per year), and then he could sign for the max.  but players don't want to do this, because if they get hurt, then they'll have left hundreds of millions of dollars on the table.
i get that, i guess "team" was probably the wrong word to use. i really meant the franchise as a whole. they were the best they have ever been, by a wide margin, from 06-10, and the was *all* due to lebron being on the team at the time. they owe him for almost a decade of relevance and national exposure, he owes them *nothing.*
guy: - he hasn't decided where he's gonna play high school ball yet.

woman: - really?

guy: - i think some coaches may be interested.

woman: - they're gonna ***pay him***... a visit!


sounded like the beginning of a scene with the doctor from family guy.
are we listening to the same sean elliot? i absolutely love sean, but he is one of the most biased broadcasters i've ever heard (for a good reason, he's a spurs man through and through).  it has to be truly blatant before he really thinks about saying anything against the spurs usually. 
they look like the detroit lions of the nba
i never said he wasn't biased or a homer, but he does regularly point out referee calls that went in our favor and shouldn't have.
if he actually played, he would dominate.
this post is just silly. gallinari better than bynum? chandler?
is it true that garnett uses the most foul language out of any player on the court?  i hear his favorite word is "nigger" out there.
because they're the yankees of basketball.
looks like it's time for another round of kg/celtics fans kill the messenger!

i think kg is a great player. he could tone it down a bit, though, and still be a great player.
you mean, the team would have some dominant regular season and playoffs performances, only to have a key player on the lakers get injured for the finals?
there are 3 major components. 

1) as mentioned in other posts, it's a soft cap, so you can resign almost any player you'd want to (3 years of service to that team/contract) for almost as much as you're willing to. these are referred to as bird rights, and that's a reason all of the lebron/wade/bosh contracts were able to work out. since they were sign and trades, the heat retained the bird rights of all 3.

2) the luxury tax is an important line not to cross. i believe over 73 million, every dollar spent requires your team to write a check for that much to the league. so, the lakers have a payroll of 102 million, and are a whopping 29 million over the luxury tax, so it's really costing them 131 million. so, once you're in the luxury tax, a more or less average contract of 5 mil/year costs your owner 10 mil/year, which is why you see all kinds of screwy trades of guys worth around 1-3 million bucks around the deadline, since it allows teams to get under the luxury tax threshold and save money since they're no longer leveraged.

3) there are a number of other "exceptions" outside of bird exceptions, including the mid-level exception, rookie exception, and bi-annual exceptions. there's talk that the new cba will get rid of the mid-level exception to save the owners for themselves since some of the worst contracts in the nba are signed using this (since it throws them in the luxury tax for average to below average talent).
originally, i was just making a guess to why people forget about how good lebron is at defense.  after all, you remember how badly the heat struggled together before their players-only meeting at the end of 2010.
i think the exact opposite. i feel like he doesn't recognize calls in our favor as much as he should, or is more likely to get angry at calls against us when it was obviously the right call. don't get me wrong though, i love the man. 
exactly, is the list always this boring?

i thought jason richardson wanted in, too.
it might work for the nuggets, because either bynum is good, or else he's off the books by 2012*. enough time to see if bynum will work for them.  

*edit: changed from 2013, after reading wildyams comment about the last year being a team option
replace gibson and jones with j rich and curry.
i might not have the popular opinion here, but donaghy was actually one of the nba's most accurate referees before he started getting involved with the betting.  he was one of the guys who had the balls to call a legit traveling violation on michael jordan in philadelphia where even philly's fans booed the call.

i hate bob delaney and dick bavetta with a passion.  they might make the 6-figure income, but i have a hard time respecting the "company man" lifestyle they choose to live.  then again, who am i to judge?
did you catch one of the "wired up" clips where he bought a beer for somebody in the crowd?  at least he did something somewhat funny.
1 - the lakers payroll is not $102 million, it's just over $90 million. cap holds do not count towards total salry

2 - the luxury tax kicks in after $70.037 million.

if you truly want to understand the salary cap read [this](http://members.cox.net/lmcoon/salarycap.htm)
what was with gerald wallace at the dunk contest last year? was he just ripped off his ass?
mvp chants usually go for griffin. bulls game was the exception. so would a laker game. 
you're a real laker homer. so what if tickets are cheap. that's a good thing, being able to watch a pro game for under 100 while sitting 10 rows from the court. so what if it's sterling or management's fault. i'm glad i can see my favorite team take on a good team for 40-50 bucks. that saves me money for beer to lessen the pain of the lose. 
i made that claim more on the fact that bringing melo in could extend kobe's career by taking the pressure off of him on the offensive side of the ball. 
there's a specific exception in the rule books for dunking.
i agree. you guys would just lose size and gain a small forward who is great offensively but not so much defensively. your team was built around defense and if they trade away bynum they lose a presence inside. this wouldn't make much sense to me.
you think it'll work out though? i cant really see them coexisting and they like to play in the same area.  the high post to the 3 point line
i've always wondered about stopping alley-oops.

say somebody throws a good alley-oop pass just above the rim and the defense deflects it, is this goaltending?
like i and several other people have said: it's the way he left. did he need to put on an hour long special? i personally wasn't even mad that he left, just mad that he didn't give the team any indication of where he was going or what his plans were. had he left like any other free agent would've, i don't think the reaction would have been so strong.
i think that the refs distinguish whether or not it was a pass or a shot. kind of like when a guy is on a fast break with a trailer and throws it off the backboard for an ally-oop. it's not counted as a missed shot attempt (to my knowledge at least).
do you think he picks a "word of the day" and then consciously uses the word? because sometimes it feels like he's forcing it. i love it nonetheless.
as a laker fan believe me i'm under no illusion that anyone out there wants luke walton, and i know that the interest in ron artest is going to be sparse.  however, there are a lot of teams in the nba who would be very interested in andrew bynum, and i wouldn't be surprised if denver is one of those teams.  bynum is all about potential, in that he's 23 and has had a lot of injuries, but when he's been healthy he's the kind of talent that can truly be a game-changer.  at his size with his strength, with his length and with his skill there's really no other player like him in the nba.  

but it's all a question of whether he can stay healthy or not.  his contract, however, is pretty manageable, especially with regard to his injury history, in that he's signed for two years beyond this one, but the last year is a team option, meaning if he gets hurt between now and the end of next season, the team could waive that year and try to re-sign him to a much more reasonable deal.

as a laker fan i don't know if i'd even want a melo for bynum trade done since it would severely weaken the front line of the lakers and would give la a big glut of small forwards (melo, artest and matt barnes), plus teams that make big mid-season trades like that rarely win the title, and that's what it's all about for the lakers.  so i'm not arguing that this is a deal i hope la makes.  i'm just taking issue with your statement that nobody out there would want andrew bynum.
bynum is only signed through the end of next year, so it's not like it's a long-term deal that will be a dead weight around any team's neck.  bynum has another year after that as well, but that's a team option year, so the team could opt to not pick it up.
come on, let the cavs have *something* good.
understood, but is all the animosity truly deserved? if the complaint is that he didn't tell the management in person that he wouldn't re-sign really worthy of a witch hunt? and if he had, what really would have changed?
there is also an exception that allows a player to hang onto the rim in order to protect themselves if they feel they may be hurt by dropping right away.
just as long as daniel gibson doesn't go 0-25, it'll be a success for cavs fans. 
i believe this is right, it's counted as a pass usually, but i can imagine there may be instances where it gets in the grey area. the weirdest might be kobe's [pass to himself off the backboard move](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3f6b3tvchy). passing to yourself is technically illegal so i think they have to count that as a miss, though i'm not really sure.
oh, right. my bad.
i never blamed managment or sterling. i don't believe sterling's business plan is to be a cheap ass but still make money from filling the stadium for everyone favorite team that's playing away.

i simply stated that at a clippers home game, rose was getting mvp chants loud enough that they were heard on the tv. there's no excuse of exception for that. clipper fans were still there and hardly any of them did their part in booing to drown that out.
there's a laundry list of players who can fit this description of woulda coulda beens.. but 82 games over the last three years, or something like that makes him an all star?
having thought about it for the past few hours, i don't think the melo to la trade would be the right choice for la.  although they need a superstar for when kobe gets too old, melo wouldn't be the right choice.  it'd kill the chemistry, because kobe and melo wouldn't really be able to coexist.  melo is not the type of player who would be willing to sit back and watch as kobe goes on a streak of 11 straight shots when he gets upset.  and kobe isn't the type of player to pass up a shot when melo has a better look.

the lakers should just wait to sign dwight howard next offseason, because he'll be coming.
no, i didn't. was he the one who ejected duncan for laughing while sitting on the bench? if so, then that was funny as well.
david stern wants white families to buy tickets to games. he is fully invested in creating family-friendly basketball league. as a consequence, he's made it more difficult for players to "leave it all on the court".
[nice little article in ball don't lie](http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/blog/ball_dont_lie/post/the-nba-s-three-point-contest-is-set?urn=nba-318576) about it
the first knicks logo, please
i would take dwight howard as a big over 'mello. not that he isn't an incredible point scorer...


i just want d howard, ok?!
why? few players in the league play with the same kind passion for the game that kg has. if big ticker were a knick spike would be relishing in it.
srsly.  bynum is 23.  bynum + nene would be a beastly front line (in theory!), plus d'antoni's system pumps starters #'s up like crazy.
o_o i'm not defending the kid... i just can't believe those are normal drills for pre-teens. 
i doubt spike would relish in it, it's not simply an issue of kg playing for the opposing team. he's saying kg is disrespectful.
fair point, i just think you may have unintentionally exaggerated by saying they'd rule the west. they'd certainly do well but with the current thunder team that's already fourth best in the west set to peak within the next five years there's no way la would dominate.
it would probably be easy to throw barnes into any trades if they wanted too.
yeah, that was him too.  nothing like challenging duncan to a fight leading crawford to a suspension without pay for the rest of the season.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxnnzjm9brc

will always be my favorite. 'sheed gets the steal and then nails the 3/4's court shot at the buzzer to send the game into overtime. i remember watching this live and was kind of stunned when the nuggets called timeout instead of just inbounding the ball and running out time. i was thinking 'they better hope rasheed doesn't steal the ball' (because he always used to make all kinds of trick shots) and sure enough it happened.
this must be new, there are still big swings every few minutes. love it. 
i can totally see how chris bosh fits into these "bird" rights
the injuries have to be season ending, and you have to file the request before something like december 15th.  their injuries are short term or happened after that date.
not technically since it follows the rule of deflecting off another object
i make fun of scola's hair too. but the man can play ball.
the sixteen million dollar man.
i think that you cannot touch the ball while its over the cylinder only after it has left the shooters hand, so in the case of dunking it is not offensive basket interference.  however, for alley-oops i am less certain. it would require the referees to determine intent of the passer as making a pass or taking a shot which i think is too difficult to determine with regularity.  i think the defender cannot touch the ball on an alley-oop pass if it is over the cylinder. 

this lakers component smells like bullshit to me
he's great.  he's been impressive on defense as well as offense.  he has great defensive awareness, and has had some clutch defensive plays since becoming a wizard. he protects the ball well and hits open shots consistently.  sometimes i feel like hes going to bolt as soon as his contract expires, and i don't blame him.  wizards are going through a rebuilding phase and i'm not sure he'll stick around.  
that was not the best they have ever been by a "wide margin". the cavs of the late 80s/early 90s did everything the lebron led cavs did, except making the finals (which he only did once and was swept). except they ran into someone named michael jordan.
yeah, though if they're thinking of trading artest at all it would be good to keep barnes to keep some depth behind carmelo. espn is now reporting talks with the bobcats for either gerald wallace or stephen jackson. either way it looks like they're interested in making some moves before the deadline.
how bold of you.
if mr. lee didn't want to draw the ire of mr. garnett, perhaps he shouldn't have [run on to the floor shouting and pointing.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmetxibn-r4&amp;feature=related) kg swears a lot, we know. if anyone needs to calm down, it's spike. at least kg is, you know, actually in the game. 

it's been 15 years since spike lee or the knicks were relevant, you'd think that might shut him up.
kill the messenger!

spike lee's not the only one who's complained about kg.
it wouldn't take any pressure off kobe, because kobe wouldn't allow it.  hence my comment about too many cooks in the kitchen.  kobe will want the ball, as melo would to.  unlike the heat, i don't think melo and kobe are best buds prior to this happening.
little bit of both, while melo was out in the 3rd the nuggets didn't make a shot from the field in about 8 minutes, being forced into jumpers by houston. houston pretty much owned the 3rd, specifically martin. they only got back into the game because melo went off in the fourth.
i don't think they should, but that's just me.  i'd totally roll the dice.  the offer on the table is about where i'd go.
yeah..thats what i think too.  although i hope howard doesn't go there!
as a rockets fan, i knew it would be that game in the video. fuck that game.
no reason for the knicks to make that offer though. i'd test melo's word on ny or nothing.
i have been wondering if kevin martin would be a good contestant. dude has serious range on his 3's and rarely hits rim. i think the only thing that would hold him back in the 3 pt contest is his release.
&gt;kobe isn't the type of player to pass up a shot when melo has a better look.

you're joking, right? 

kobe has been passing the ball a ton lately and even has given artest plenty of looks (including several game winning situations). if kobe is willing to give the ball to artest in game-deciding situations, then i'm sure kobe will pass the ball to melo.
also, with most alley-oops the ball is typically not over the cylinder
great link.  larry coon is the expert on the salary cap.  reporters and heck even gm's at times all use his work as the definitive reference.
no your right, these aren't drills regular kids playing basketball will be doing. but there are a lot of kids on travel aau teams that play at a very competitive level for these "elite level" kids, these things aren't out of the ordinary. although, some of these kids are so gifted athletically that they are awesome ball handlers without any drills and they pick up on these drills so fast it's crazy.
bullshit. look at their win percentages in 09 and 10, then compare them to the other 30 odd years they've been around. and your trying to act like winning the conference finals and going to the finals for the first time in their franchise history means nothing? really? and how much money, media attention, and national acclaim did he bring to that city just by his mere presence? none of the other cavs teams come close.
i guess it depends on what the team's vision for the future is. the league is getting faster, and you're still clinging to the 90s/early-2000s crowd-the-paint-with-big-guys offense. infusing a talented/young/fast player might be exactly what you need.
good luck finding someone willing to pay $5m for walton.
i don't know why this hasn't been mentioned more, but isn't carmelo a free agent at the end of the year? there is no guarantee that he would sign any kind of extention with the lakers. bynum straight up for 3 months of carmelo would not be a good trade for the lakers, especially considering their defensive problems this year.
hell i have no idea why anyone would pay 5m for him. that is what griffin get's paid. 
by company man i was referring to donaghy's allegation that bavetta basically does whatever the league office want's him to do.  

that period of the mid to late 90's was definitely when the quality of officiating started to seriously decline ... coinciding perfectly with the slow implementation of crap like hand checking and a lean towards blocks rather than charges.    damn you david stern
who the fuck cares about media attention. and all those regular season games amounted to what? nothing. 

those cavs made the playoffs in 8 out of 9 years. they made the '92 eastern conference finals, and lost to mj 4-2. so you're telling me that those extra 2 games lbj won when winning mattered didn't come close to what those 80s/90s team did. please. don't fucking tell me how a lifelong cavs fan should feel. if you ask some *real* fans of the cavs, and not lebron bandwagon cavs fans, you will get a similar response. 

i've said it before, but many players have come through cleveland sports franchises and won a bunch of games, all-star appearances, etc.  but none have delivered a championship in 47 years. so what the fuck did lebron do to end that drought? nothing more than anyone else. to tell a city that he wouldn't stop til he delivers, going to win one for cleveland, blah blah blah.. then turn around *4 months* later and leave like that. fuck him.  he can do what he wants, but don't expect me to thank or respect him one bit.
if the refs believed that the ball was going to go in on the alley-oop pass without being touched by another offensive player, and the defense swats it away, then yes, it would be defensive goaltending.  at the same time, if that same pass looks like it's headed in the basket and the offensive player still catches it and dunks it, then that is offensive interference and the basket will be waived off.
same reason why people hate on kg. everyone hates on them but if either griffin or kg played on their teams they would be right on their dick...

nba is turning soft now a days... i'm happy griffin is in here with this intensity i miss the old nba
you mean chris boshtrich? 
i hate that hand-checking rule, too.  if jordan survived without it, then so can the rest of the nba.
i'm just saying he could be traded to the lakers, they could win the championship. i would still be willing to wager money he's donning a knicks jersey next season.
if the price is right, you never know.  i hope your organization does all they can to hang onto him.  he was quite an inconsistent shooter when he played with the bulls.  the future looks very bright in dc for basketball.
lakers plox.
i got durant and pierce in the final round, with durant catching fire and taking the crown from pierce.
as a laker fan it's my experience that just about any trade you hear rumored in the press that involves the lakers is probably bs.  mitch kupchak likes to fly way under the radar and usually trades he makes are announced out of the blue (like the gasol deal, for instance).  also, it's my experience that many people will throw the lakers' name into negotiations to try to leverage more of what they want into a deal.  i can't tell you how many free agents over the years have threatened to sign with the lakers just to get whatever team they were bargaining with to up their offer (kendall gill, charles oakley, etc).  a team using the "we could trade him to the lakers instead" threat as leverage wouldn't surprise me.  

odds are melo ends up in ny.
i love kg. his attidude is good for basketball. we need more players like him and less bosh 'lets just go out there and have fun' types.
if you catch/touch an alleyoop while it's over the rim it is basket interference.  the catch must be made away from the rim.  the calls on this are sometimes iffy because the ball is in the player's hand for such a brief moment, but generally officials seem to get it right.
i thought we all agreed to never pay attention to a chris brousard rumor.  this dude comes up with a new trade rumor every week and it's more ridicuolous than the last.
if it's thrown off the backboard it is considered a shot.
if it's over the rim neither the defense nor offense can touch it.
yah, because media attention and winning seasons totally does't bring large amounts of money to the city and franchise so they can put it back into the team and possibly build it for the future right? 

this has been my point from the beginning. cavs fans are putting the blame for 30 years of disappointment at the feet of one guy, cause he didn't bring them a championship. i don't care if they like him, hell i think he's a huge douche, but cavs fans in general acting like he stabbed your mother just because he left without bringing them the right to gloat and feel good about themselves with a championship makes the whole city look like a bunch of children. 
how can you make fun of his *perfect* hairline??
breaking news: brandon roy to shut it down as soon as two weeks from now. just kidding. but seriously, this guy must be like wolverine with his healing time.
i think steve blake is technically better than fisher but fisher plays because kobe gels with derek fisher. some games steve blake plays more than fisher. 
pretty sweet, actually.
there are instances where it will be over the cylinder and there are times it does get called off.
griffin's also on a rookie contract and not allowed to be signed over a certain amount.
i was following the streak closely to see if they could get the record, and now that they did, it thought i was gonna be happy, but it makes me kind of sad...
&gt;unlike the heat, i don't think melo and kobe are best buds prior to this happening.

http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2009/columns/story?columnist=adande_ja&amp;page=nuggetslakers-090521

&gt;of all the bonds formed, kobe and carmelo's might be the tightest.

&gt;"he's like a brother to me," kobe said. "i love him. we spend a lot of time together. he was the one i'm closest with on the team."
he made the entire city and cavs organization wonder whether he was going to re-sign, it's not like he actually had to make the decision...his mind was made up. i honestly wish he would have done something like melo is doing now, he could have at least let the team get some kind of trade scenario.

then again, the situation was different in cleveland because it looked like we had all the pieces of the puzzle finally put together. if he had told them, and we knew he was going to leave, there would still be a witch-hunt of course...but i don't think it would've been nearly as bad. like i said before, the only resentment i harbor for him is because of the fucking espn special that he put on, and i know a lot of people that feel the same way.
yep. all short term but the most important one, varejao. they have a trade exception too, but it's hard to tell what they're going to do with it.
we can both agree that the special was super douchey. 
especially the scripted questions/answers :\
&gt;nash, ginobili, dirk, gasol, **duncan**

ftfy
nay nay, that would be the heat. 
"hey, i've got an idea! why don't we weaken our team and strengthen our immediate competition at the same time!"

no way this goes down. no team is going to trade their best player to another team in their conference unless they're getting something much better in return.
please don't let this happen
i stand corrected.
hipsters suck, this is awesome. where can i get one?
i got ray for this
when are they going to let anthony morrow compete??  also, i think curry should be in it as well.
bynum is very valuable to the lakers, they wouldn't be able to give up their #1 defensive presence without getting a legit big man back in the deal.

i propose something like bynum, artest and walton for carmelo and nene? :d but denver wouldn't agree to that, unfortunately :(
agreed. when the celtics announcers say a player on the other team didn't deserve a t, you know they really really didn't deserve it.

comparing the nfl to nba in terms of officials... the nfl reviews every play of each week, selects the worst 10 of each game and tries to improve the officials. the nba lacks transparency and if anyone questions nba officials, they get fined.
bynum is very valuable to the lakers, they wouldn't be able to give up their #1 defensive presence without getting a legit big man back in the deal.

i propose something like bynum, artest and walton for carmelo and nene? :d but denver wouldn't agree to that, unfortunately :(
the kings are 13 mil under the cap limit that's pretty impressive. they could sign someone big this offseason. 
if this had come from any other player, i'd tell spike to stfu, but kg is a known ass so i'm sure kg crossed the line.
neat, but i think you need to brush-up on what a hipster is.
yeah, watch any rook come in the the league and try to play any kind of defense. he'll be in foul trouble within minutes, while vets get away with so much more. it's bullshit.
i agree with you that this deal seems unlikely, but i don't know how quickly the lakers' window is closing.  kobe is still kobe, and pau can still turn it on.  if anything, they're probably a non-melo piece away from being a sure thing, but i don't think you can count them out completely for at least the next 2-3 years.
omg its an apple...its so hipster.
as well, he routinely answers salary cap related questions through his twitter and does weekly chats @ hoopsworld. he is the authority. 
i don't think starks or even reggie miller crossed the line in quite the way kg has.
thank you.
5 bucks?
the responses here are all so familiar:  

get called a "cancer patient"? "how dare you tweet about it!"

get tapped in the junk while shooting? "you were faking it, drama queen!"  

get cursed at as a spectator? "you deserved it, and you're just unhappy he's not on your team!"

everything except ... "on the court, kg is a jerk who crosses the line of sports etiquette".
sounds to me like spike is whining again.  if what one poster said is true, and spike ran on the court shouting and pointing, he had it coming.
looks to me that spike is a dbag (not that i didn't already know that to begin with).  if it were any casual fan doing that he'd of been tackled by security.
i, too, replace words with symbols whenever i have the chance. the local supermarket is /ing prices on produce, so i'm going to go pick up some ^s
no way they are trading pau for chris paul... most teams try to upgrade their roster to match up with lakers 2 big men. maybe bynum, but certainly not gasol.
so how much karma have you gained from your self.posts?

if you're going to make an arguement over karma, trying getting more than your 534 first.

crotch rockets? sounds like you're jealous.
ahaha.  srsly?  whatever you say, bro.
yup, here it is (although it doesn't use the word "dunk", it refers to it in sort of legal terms):

rule no. 11—basket interference—goaltending

section i—a player shall not:

a. touch the ball or the basket ring when the ball is using the basket ring as its lower base or hang on the rim while the ball is passing through.

**exception: if a player near his own basket has his hand legally in contact with the ball, it is not a violation if his contact with the ball continues after the ball enters the cylinder, or if, in such action, he touches the basket.**

edit: it's funny that it says "near his own basket". what is "near"? if i dunk from the free throw line, can it be considered "not near" and deemed goaltending?
sounds like the next jordan-pippen-esque combo.
griffin may be a cocky sob, but it ain't fair to compare him to kg's antics, at least i haven't heard of griff walking on all fours and barking on the court yet.
&gt;when are they going to let anthony morrow compete??

when he stops having such a stupid twitter handle.
spike has a history of injecting himself into games. he's been doing it for years, and when it comes back to bite him in the ass, which it always does, he tries to claim he's just some regular fan. he's mad because kg was swearing at him? his virgin ears were never sullied growing up in brooklyn? i mean c'mon, kg swears at his cheerios in the morning. 

really?
then you're a laker's fan in namenamename only!
he's a rookie let him stand his ground. remember kg when he first came in? - his nickname was the kid and all he would rock were smiles.
melo is not coming to la. this story was put out there to put pressure on the knicks to make a deal for melo now instead of trying to wait for the offseason to sign him without losing any assets. this is a bad deal for the lakers also, they're a better team without melo and what they have currently, assuming they move artest if possible. on top of that, kupchak is waiting for dwight howard to become a free agent after next season and try to sign him, the same time that bynum would come off the books which they wouldn't be able to do if they signed anthony. 
i don't mind a bit of showmanship if you will, makes the game fun to watch, it's just kg takes it to a whole other level sometimes.
how do you think the lakers got pau? the other gasol is good, but he's not pau. 
i love that level! thats the level i want to see nba at... like what happened to the larry bird era... even bird himself was one of the biggest problem starters

this league has turn cupcake soft. 
there's a video.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmetxibn-r4&amp;feature=related

edit:  from earlier in the thread.
ahaha. from the link:

&gt;i'm not even playing and i didn't say nothing to him the whole game anyway. so if you're mad, start cursing out stat, stoudemire. but you're not going to do that s--- because stoudemire’s not going to take it. so he cursed at me and i’m 5-6½, 150. **what he was saying was worse than reggie miller.** it was uncalled for. 

ahaha. whatever you say, chief.


i wanted gallo in it, but this should be very interesting.  durant's my pick, but the 3-point shootout is rarely predictable.
shinn
considering the controversy behind that trade, i'm not sure that's a great example.
take this to r/pics.  or submit it to the spike lee thread.  no point in cluttering up the front page
sure we can sit back.  we have emerging star danilo gallinari and the steady and skilled wilson chandler playing the same position as melo.  yes, melo is a superstar, but we're not weak at all at his position.  i'd say more often than not sf is a position of strength for us.  if we get a good deal for melo i'd be happy, but if we miss out on him, i'm not going to cry about it at all.  d12 in '12!
what would happen with nene?
i'm in minnesota and always scratch my head when i look at our conference.  ok city, portland, no chicago or milwaukee?  wtf!
hell yeah james jones.
that's where the "hide" link comes in handy.  use it.
i was under the impression that nyk fans desperately wanted melo. i stand corrected.

and oh man, the d12 sweepstakes is gonna be large.


rasheed wallace was right all along. he was calling out donaghy well before the scandal broke...heres a nice vid regarding the 'fraternization' of refs and players...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jen8x9l806m
here's my vision - focus on historic rivalries!  *it was trickier then i thought.*

new western

**pacific**
golden state
sacramento
clips
lakers
portland

**mountain**
utah
phoenix
denver
san antonio
dallas

**central**
minnesota
chicago
milwaukee
houston
ok city 

new eastern

**central**
philadelphia
toronto
cleveland
indiana
detroit

**atlantic**
new jersey
new york
charlotte
washington
boston

**southern**
atlanta
miami
orlando
new orleans
memphis

two suns share the same b'day: steve nash (37) and [mickael pietrus](http://m.plixi.com/p/75439367) (29)
do i sense a new meme?
at one point wasn't he expected to be out for the season?
two central divisions?
yeah seriously, if you can find one, tell me, because this is awesome 
&gt;donaghy sacrificed a little over a year of his personal freedom, his job, and his marriage to prove to the world that there is some corruption happening in the nba

sacrificed? he got caught and then talked about what he did, and did not offer any proof of what he claims others did.
i love spike and don't love kg, but i do think he should know what he's getting into when he talks smack to other players. i still think he has all the right in the world to be as obnoxious as he wants, as long as he can take it.
call him a douche on the court all you want, but he seems like a [pretty decent, funny guy off the court](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9m34vzn6tg)
one of which consists of the worst collection of teams, maybe ever.
carmelo and nene for bynum, odom, artest. 
astounding 4 players equal over 60 mil.  astounding until you look at the heat.  by the 2015/16 season, wade/bosh/bron equal the total salary of the entire heat team right now by themselves.  how are they going to get those multiple rings they said they'd get with that much money wrapped up in three guys?  i thought their bench was bad already...imagine then.
pau gasol to the lakers for some leftover weightlifting equipment i believe was the deal.
this is literally the eighth submission regarding garnett's intensity in the past ten days. perhaps there should be a separate subreddit for it? r/kgintensity?
the heat are under the cap.
kareem abdul-jabbar to the lakers for junior bridgeman, dave meyers, elmore smith, and brian winters
i like this one but i would make a few changes:

**central** **memphis** toronto cleveland indiana detroit

**atlantic** **philadelphia** new jersey new york washington boston

**southern** atlanta miami orlando new orleans **charlotte**
haters gonna hate
yea the bulls are terrible &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

too many egos to be hurt.  
so the kobe trade was under negotiations before kobe was even drafted. originally, la was looking to make salary space for shaq to sign with them, so they got rid of divac for whatever 1st round pick someone had. it happened to be the hornets, and they had the 16th pick. details on the trade drew out long enough that the lakers had to tell the hornets who to pick during the draft. the trade was then finalized soon after the draft.

kobe was kind of an after-thought in that trade, la's real motive was to get shaq. the team just got extremely lucky with that pick. (or jerry west is a genius... which he kind of is).
marc gasol has been pretty productive for being 2nd hand weight lifting equipment.
would be awesome but what if durant owned kobe 1 on 1? kobe no star anymore and he can retire.
no major star would ever agree to participate in such tournament. 

1. the *ego* thing
2. playing hard means possible injury
3. how do you match-up d.howard and d.rose?
let's put it this way, lebron has a hard time committing to the slam dunk contest against 3 nobodies. this idea would be awesome, but i think you would have to settle with a steve novak vs matt bonner final.
someone link me up. 
howard can't really dibble. while dwight would score when he was near the hoop, he's not exactly used to bringing the ball up. 1 on 1 i think would hurt post players the most. d rose would be as exciting as he'll to watch, even if he didn't win. lebron would win the game easily, imo.
i'm a celtics and kg fan.  you've made multiple references to 'here come the celtics fans, kill the messenger, etc', and it looks like fans of all the teams are coming to his defense.  he's an intense guy.  spike lee should have been told to stfu two decades ago, so this is hilarious.  

the question is no longer, "why is kg so intense?".  rather the question is, "why are you still surprised?"


they would need at least 3 categories. they could either split this into listed g/f/c or divide into &lt; 6'5, 6'5-6'9, &gt; 6'9 categories. 
actually, you know what would be really fun?  captains.  you get a player (or maybe a three-person committee) from each conference, and throughout the week leading up to the all-star game, they alternate picking players they want on their team.  they can pick players from any conference, any team.

this finally gives players a reason to try during the all-star game.  you really want to get picked for the game, because now it's about respect from your peers, as opposed to representing a conference.  we also might find out which players are the cliche "players you hate to play against" because they'd be drafted just to keep them off the other team.  like "d.wade hates it when i guard him, so he picked me for his team so i gotta stick it to kobe on d"
timberwolves 3 please.
2v2 nba jam style.

and can we please rid the all-star game of the wnba. 
i wonder if they could get more of the top stars to participate if they made it 2 v 2. a little less ego, but still would be exciting.

edit: because i'm ready for march madness, i made some potential february madness brackets

[1 on 1 bracket](http://i.imgur.com/u0ymb.jpg)

[2 on 2 bracket](http://i.imgur.com/2uqu7.jpg)

[1 on 1 pg brakcet](http://i.imgur.com/pdhjh.jpg)

[1 on 1 wing bracket](http://i.imgur.com/6hzcw.jpg)

[1 on 1 big man bracket](http://i.imgur.com/ezhhm.jpg)


i made these quickly, so hopefully they are pretty realistic. who would win these?
i don't think it has as much to do with ego as much as branding. i think a lot of players would actually be interested in doing something like that but the fact of the matter is they are trying to create a brand for themselves and the potential of losing a tournament like this could hurt the products they're affiliated with.

for example, imagine kobe gets matched up against dwight howard in a tournament like this. dwight can just continually post up kobe and hang out under the rim on defense. that doesn't say much about kobe as a player, it's just that dwight has an advantage in a 1v1 with no 3 second rules. the typical nba fan may not understand that and it could lead people away from kobe's products.

the risk of hurting products isn't really worth it to the players to get involved in such a thing. sure there are a lot of guys that have nothing to lose and would like to do something like that, but i'm sure most people want to see the big name players involved in a 1v1 tournament.

maybe i'm wrong, i think this is why the all-star events are kind of disappointing. e.g. less competitive all-star game compared to the 80s-early 90s and less interest by established stars in participating in events (no lebron in slam dunk contest).

&gt;how do you match-up d.howard and d.rose?

i agree, pitting forwards/centers against guards would make for really awkward/dull 1 on 1 matches.

it should be, as others have suggested, a 2 vs 2 tournament.
compared to how much the nba tones everyone down in any sort of post-game interview...i've got no problem with any of this! 
&gt;for example, imagine kobe gets matched up against dwight howard in a tournament like this. dwight can just continually post up kobe and hang out under the rim on defense. that doesn't say much about kobe as a player, it's just that dwight has an advantage in a 1v1 with no 3 second rules. the typical nba fan may not understand that and it could lead people away from kobe's products.

that's why it should be a 2 vs 2 tournament instead.   one forward/center and one guard, both from the same team.
yeah, these players make the nba much more interesting. these rivalries give players much more motivation to try harder to win.
this. the dribbling is nice and all...but how often do you get to use that stuff in a real game situation. that being said, his dribbling is good though. if it doesnt work out he can always be a globetrotter...
two and through?
i agree.  you can't have nate robinson against kevin love in a 1v1 contest.  
i don't like this game because it compares players who had totally different styles of play, roles on their team, skill sets, etc... so far i've got chris paul vs. chris webber, pat ewing vs. magic johnson and wilt chamberlain vs. dominique wilkins.
more like 91 million 
http://hoopshype.com/salaries.htm
the big ones have been mentioned so i'll say the sonics trading scottie pippen to the bulls for olden polynice.
and you notice 2 out of the three guys you said are champions.  lebron?  bosh?  cp3?  melo?  these are the buddy buddy guys.  they also have a combined 0 championships.  i think it's necessary to be an asshole if you want to win.  
that kid creeps the shit out of me.
tim duncan seems to breaks your logic. i find him to be not an asshole most of the time.
bill russell is one of the classiest people i've ever seen, when interviewed. i've never heard him described as a dirty player, just tenacious. and he has 11 rings.
he would be a greater player if he didn't confuse intensity with assholeness.
what people don't get when they mention the "kobe for divac" trade, is that kobe was a high school kid at the moment, and not the kobe with a hand full of rings that we know today.

no one (except for jerry west, maybe) knew what he'd become.

that's the problem when analyzing those historic 'unfair' trades looking at today's accomplishments and numbers.
i agree, kobe and kg won because they had ridiculously talented teams around them that played defense, not because they are assholes.
wade? shaq? if your logic works, i wish mavs were assholes too :(
don't lump kobe and griffin in with kg. kg is a bona fide punk who will only ever stand up to people who are smaller than him. look at people who he picked on in his career, you see guys like rick rickert, not dwight howard. he won because he played on a stacked team, not because of his personality.
not sure why, but he's hands down my favorite player this year.  basically stoudemire without the inner-beast, and aldridge is starting to develop that as well.  dude always has a good attitude and works his ass off, and it's finally paying off.

good for him.
if melo goes to the lakers then you kind of have to take kobe off that list...but i doubt that happens so keep him on...on a side note kobe seems to be an asshole to everyone including teammates. kg is definitely an asshole to opponents....griffin just plays hard and embrasses other player's lack of effort 
exactly what i was thinking.  the rumor does seem a bit far fetched, but la does need someone to fill kobe's role as he nears and assumes retirement.  bynum and artest or someone else is a pretty fair package, and i'm sure the lakers can do plenty fine without ab.
he is now, but he definitely was not a media darling when he played.  it took a long time before they warmed up to eachother (boston racism in the 50s/60s).

edit: 'they' being the general media at the time and mr. russell
it wasn't an issue of winning, it was an issue of making kissy kissy with the opposition. and in kg's defense he has picked on amare and tim duncan and it's well known that kg and dwight howard don't like each other. i know it's an example in bad taste but charlie villunueva isn't exactly the size of a point guard. on that note kobe has a reputation for bullying other, lesser players (the george hill incident a month ago) and he did rat out shaq cheating on his wife to cover up his rape charge (i don't think he raped her btw, which is like the only laker joke i won't make). i'm not saying either is perfect but they both have punk moments from time to time. i only have good things to say about blake griffin.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2cwtl5tntc
which is why the big players do sign-and-trades. they sign the max contract with the current team, then are traded; which gives the team trading the star player at least some compensation in the form of players or picks. 
he was the muhammad ali of basketball and he was a manipulative asshole for befriending wilt just to use it against him in the game. after they both retired he never stopped making fun of wilt.
ya but he has people on his team to be assholes for him, sun's fans will go to their graves saying that robert horry's hip check that got amare suspended won that series for them. i don't want to put him in the category, but there are plenty of people who'd call ginobili and an asshole, bruce bowen as well.
and to get his contract off the books
[here](http://jirobot.wordpress.com/2010/01/22/yoiu-cant-stick-mj/) is where you can order one, but the designer is not taking orders right now. however, it seems like they will resume eventually. it's $15 plus $3 shipping in the us. kinda pricey, but worth it.
i don't know, melo was the one asking for a move so that he could appease his wife (she needs to make more shitty reality tv and needs to do it in la or nyc) and he just wants to go to a big market. i'm pretty sure when kupchak ran it by him he shrugged his shoulders and said "sounds cool" and didn't proceed to high five himself over a plan they created to play with each other over the olympics.
i'm not ruling it out because it would be a way to rid themselves of bynum's contract and after the season they could sign-and-trade melo for picks/players.

i think it really comes down to how badly they want to get rid of bynum. they might be able to turn him into 1/2 a season of melo, then a first round pick or 2 plus a decent role player. 
cavs are the best team in ohio.

fuck.
i don't agree that bynum is "very valuable". he does have some value, but they won the title last year without him playing crunch time minutes. 
&gt;he won because he played on a stacked team, not because of his personality.

i would say he won because he's a great basketball player.
glad to see you have your facts straight parrallax, honestly though people are going to hate like doc said, but anyone, anyone in the league would take them on their team in a heart beat. he makes everyone around him better, he has for his entire career. its a trait that mj and so many other greats have had. however i think its a trait that is lost on modern basketball players and fans as the flashy guys like kobe and lebron aren't really capable of making anyone else better.
i wish the cavs had some assholes right now.
honestly, one on one, i would be surprised to see anyone beat rose or kobe. kobe cause he's too clever, rose because he's just faster than anyone in the league except rondo. even if he had to play some sort of hulking monster claiming to be the son of jor-el, rose has mastered the art of gaining protection from the rim with that freaky little underhand with high english off the glass.

not saying lebron wouldn't win, but it would come as slightly more of a surprise to me.
bird was the same way,  not so much with the media but man he could play dirty and talk with the best of them on the court
here, just no logo. 
kg brought a tenacity to boston. he makes everyone on that team better, and holds them to a higher standard especially on defense. the culture that he brought back to boston is why they won a title, and should have won last year. its that intensity on the court both in practices and in games that makes him a champion. he cares about winning, just like mj did. mj punched out his team mate in practice... garnett has yet to do that
the hell you can't. most match ups are probably a bad idea, but now that you mention it, robinson/love would be absolutely awesome cause those guys are both just scrappy as hell. we'd see just about the hardest play of anyone, not to mention nate has been known to jump in boston and land in raleigh, nc (source: unavailable) 
we've had some shit owners, shinn and bob johnson, but mj is giving us some hope. just not sure about his chops as the main decision maker.

right now we're built to be mediocre and unfortunately, the only way to get to the top is to bottom out and get a stud in the draft (unless you're a fa destination: miami, nyk, lal). 
would you still root for the bobcats if they left the team, if yes, then yes it does count.
hypothetically if the hornets moved to seattle and became the sonics would you want the bobcats to be the hornets again?
shit, i think they're going to be one of the better teams in the west in coming years.  they already have an insane group of young guys, and they're a solid team despite their record.  getting another would suck for a lot of teams.
kobe has 5 championships, and the last two he has were when he was the leader of the team. i think kobe is capable of making players around him better, even if they come to loathe him. 
the question is, why is the victim always to blame?
not always.  other things kg has done have been unwarranted and unprovoked.  he was provoked in this instance.  
if you think he doesn't get taken to task by members of the media then you're very mistaken.
absolutely. i don't want anyone to play dirty, but i want my guys to play hard and dish out hard fouls when necessary and want to destroy all opponents. 
it's interesting in every example above, there is a large contingent that bashes the target of kg's "attacks", and some in fact, celebrate his actions, which i find odd.

i don't think kg should be condemned, but i definitely think some of his actions should be. same for any player. i like kobe as a basketball player. do i hate that he talks about playing the right way when i can see he's not playing the right way? yes. i think kg is an awesome player. do i like his intensity? yes, to a certain point. do i hate when he crosses the line? yes. you don't have to agree, but i certainly find it peculiar when people celebrate this type of behavior.
i don't think he doesn't get taken to task by members of the media.

i find it surprising how many people on reddit defend him, and/or go on the attack against the other side of the interaction.
yep, the nhl got this one right. it added a whole new element to the all-star game, was fun to watch.
you forgot matt bonner
can you show any evidence of this? kobe didn't change shaq's, bynum, or gasol's games. he doesn't make them any better, if anything in tough spots he tends to be a recluse that shies away from leaning on his team mates and attempts to win the game on his own. by comparison garnett has made guys like wally z an all star. he changed the culture in boston, and has subsequently made guys like pierce and allen better defenders. 
it's all part of the fun of being a fan.

there are tons of players that you will hate vehemently if on the opposing team, but if he's on yours, there's no question whether you'll defend him.

he's intense, but he also plays with a lot of other adults - if they are too sensitive for it, then he's succeeded in talking trash to them.

however, when it comes to talkin trash to those that aren't actually players, it really goes by a case-by-case basis.
just turn them into a d-league team. the bayhawks shouldn't mind that much.
seems like he really benefited from roy being out, it gave him an opportunity to take a larger role on the team and he filled that spot admirably. he might just be one of the best pick and pop players in the league now. that 17-20ft wing shot is definitely something teams need to pay more attention to.
this is honestly why i have no problems with hipsters. unlike the other stereotypes (goths, gangstas, etc), hipsters make cool creative products along with gentrification for their local areas. 
yeah, the term hipster is thrown way too much. it's absurd if i'm caught listening to a popular band like radiohead on a mac while wearing a plaid shirt, i'll be labeled a hipster. -___-
i'm loving it. but i can't see myself dropping 80 bucks for that.
well, jordan wouldn't have won if he wasn't a borderline psychopath

kobe's 5th and 6th are the same

talent of course is still the main operator
it also gives personalities to the league. like i would go crazy everytime a game between two rivals arose.

the only recent time that happened and was supported by the league was with kobe against shaq in the heat. 
yeah, if he is hitting that it usually goes pretty well for the blazers. then if roy can stay healthy...no, don't dream like this, you've only been hurt in the past.
as exciting as the playoffs have been these past few years, it seems like we're in for some great series this year, esp. in the east. boston vs. chicago, boston vs. orlando, boston vs. miami, miami vs. chicago, miami vs. orlando. these teams seem to genuinely hate each other and i could see all of those giving us 7 clasic games.
i know i am biased but i'm tired of hearing about how horry's hip check won the series for them. amare leaving the bench area cost them the series, its not like horry did it and right after was like "this series is in the bag". in addition out of every nba championship team there is bound to be at least one asshole, whether its the star player or not is a moot point.
bowen, i can understand, but ginobili? he works his ass off and is an overall good guy. 
this one was okay; way better than the cp3 one, which was terrible, and how come it didn't have the "we're gonna love that shot in oakland" bit at the end?
&gt;made guys like pierce and allen better defenders.

seriously?
i was thinking this division:

&gt;philadelphia toronto cleveland indiana detroit
really? this is the dumbest thing i've seen on r/nba in a long time.
as long as you don't have a mustache, i think you're in the clear.

besides, people exaggerate the annoyance of hipsters.  i've yet to meet a douchey and pretentious one like everyone describes.  usually they're just minding their own with their fellow hipster-friends in their vnecks and jorts.

it wasn't like with scene kids.
i'm not a suns fan (celtics fan in san antonio) so i could care less about them moaning and when the celtics aren't involved i root for you guys because of tim duncan. btw who would you say the asshole is on this spurs team?
i don't have anything against him but there are legions of fans who hate him for his flopping.
what point are you trying to make with this statement? if your attempting to make the point that he didn't, that they still aren't good defenders the fact that boston has had the best defense in the league over the past four seasons contradicts that. if your trying to say they were good defenders, i would agree with that. individually they were both average defenders, offense being both of their strong suits however. pierce showed his improvements as a defender in a clinic shutting down kobe in the finals that year
those guys could give a crap about (okay that's a little harsh on pp but still) defense before kg came along. you don't play lax defense if you're around kg, not unless you're ricky davis.
la &gt; bosh 

...and i still like bosh.
yeah, but flopping is certainly different than being an asshole. i'm not supporting it or anything, though. 
it's 2011, not 1996, i'd like to think we've moved past showing emotion.
i don't really know, they all seem to be good team players and pop usually keeps personalities in the background. i don't really know personally what they are like. stephen jackson seemed like a good guy when he was in s.a. but hasn't exactly been the premier mr. nice guy of the league. if i had to guess, i'd say parker cause he did text suggestively to brent barry's wife, and that's not cool
they didn't before tom thibodeau came along either.
at this point in his career, kobe is as good as anyone at not necessarily making his teammates better but adapting to who is around him. the lakers are 0-2 when he scores more than 40 and 3-5 when he takes 25 or more shots, but when he's getting teammates involved, moving the ball around and not trying to play hero, they are one of the most balanced teams in the league
cavs are killin it without bronbron
&gt;look at people who he picked on in his career, you see guys like rick rickert,..

not to mention spike lee
you can bring in a nice scheme but you got to be motivated to play good d and kg is one hell of a motivator. we haven't had a drop since thibodeau left.
yes. yes he does
tom thibodeau? are they better on ball, one on one defenders? or are they just playing to their defensive system and know that they have kg and perkins behind them and on the baseline for help defense?

and paul pierce "shutting down" kobe bryant is just silly. he averaged 26 points a game. watch the games again and see how it was the help defense that played it's part, from tom thibodeau's system that "shut down" kobe.

edit - accidentally a word
so, basically one playoff team in pacific and 4/5 in mountain. that's even worse than it is now with the southwest division.
have you ever thought he went for 40 because his teammates weren't picking up the slack? maybe he had to shoot the ball 25 times because no one else was willing to get things going?

look at the two games he scored 40. pau shot 5 for 15 against the pacers and 5 for 13 against boston. artest goes 1 for 10 against boston. fisher goes 2 for 8 and brown goes 2 for 9 against the pacers.
he does, actually.  except magic keeps his head shaved, so he's more like a british no-hair cat.  yuk yuk yuk.
i am a suns fan, and i was at that game. i can tell you, when i'm being honest, that it's more of an emotional thing than anything else at this point. the night of? yes, i would have sworn the series was over. but over time, it became clear there were other problems with that particular team. more of it these days has to do with nash never making it despite being the heart of phoenix (both the team and the city itself), and we suns fans tend to view that as the moment it all started going downhill for good. it's hard not to be bitter, but what can you do? we'll defend nash (and what he did/is doing in phoenix) until the day we die, just like you would with pp or kg and paulluap1 would with duncan. it's a loyalty thing.
along with the myth that he only picks on point guards, is the myth that he suddenly turned into an asshole when he joined boston. anyone who watched him play for the wolves knows this isn't true.
they need to do a derrick rose one.

"derrick, derrick rose.  if you have your cousin take the sat for you, you can go play college ball at memphis and be the number one pick in the draft.  they're going to love that crossover in chicago."
all of those guys are like best friends with each other.
it isnt going to happen, and even if it does, say goodbye to any remnants of defense the lakers had.
we need one where future boy comes back with an iphone and shows the player video of himself in the nba.
i think it's the "all or nothing" mentality that's interesting to me. as a fan, you don't have to like the whole player and everything he does to be a loyal fan. you can like most of him, and not like the other stuff. if kg were on my team, i still couldn't defend some of the stuff he does, and i definitely wouldn't blame the opposition for his actions.yeah, i'd be glad to have him on my team, because he plays winning basketball, but that doesn't mean i have to like everything he does.

at this point, kg could pants a player, pulling the guy's shorts and underwear off, and some of the people defending him here would say that he won the psychological battle, or that the guy was asking for it, or that it's kg being kg.
damn he hit 'em with the fadeaway like that? i didn't know he had that in his arsenal.
that's basically the only thing i like about joel pryzbilla-- he seems to downright hate everyone on the other team.  it's kind of funny and a little sad, but at least it's interesting.
chill out man, i'm not bashing the lakers or kobe in anyway. contrarily, i'm a big kobe supporter. i've watched enough of them to know that when kobe decides to go off, gasol and odom don't demand the ball anywhere near as often, almost like they're afraid to get in his way. it's a vicious cycle: kobe takes over when the lakers aren't playing, and when kobe does that his teammates are just decoys, even though he knows that their best chance of winning is when everyone is scoring.
he's only one guy and it's a 5 on 5 game, safe to say he made his teammates beter.
tim duncan is a robot, a basketball-bot
durrant was talking shit about bosh just the other week.  they're both aau top dogs.  i'm fine with nice guys in the league and i also love raw dog competition.  chris paul isn't nice on the court, he's an animal.  i don't know, it's a fun thing to talk about at least.
god-damnit lebron is a big bitch
i always thought the east vs. west 'rivalry' was lame. once you go outside of my love of the knicks, i don't automatically prefer east teams over west. i have teams and players i like from all over the league.
i see your point - there is absolutely limits to how much people should support a person whose character they don't have a clue about.

it goes both ways, while opponents may think that style lacks 'class' or the same results could be done with not as much verbiage, until that player is on your team (or you have shed those unconscious biases) you would never realize that perhaps all that they do is necessary for them to play at that level.

also, that the player brings a whole lot more to the table, and that a couple questionable actions really are insignificant to who they are as a player.

i'm not saying that i'm still specifically talking about kg, but mostly what i've noticed from other fans and myself.
how do you think you guys will do against lac tonight.  it's gonna be one hell of a game.
$15 mil for a guy who doesn't play crunch time for them is a huge liability, and considering they're over the luxury tax threshold, its really $30m they're committing. 

all i'm saying is, if i'm buss or kupchak and i have an opportunity to unload bynum plus 1. add a player that could help this year, 2. flip that player for future assets (picks, players) then you have to consider it. 

and the lakers should know more about his health and future ability than anyone else. 
it certainly will be. now that tim mozgov is back in the rotation i'm kind of hoping he gets some revenge on blake for destroying him the last time we played the clips... but other than that, if we come out with the w while i get to watch the blake show i'll be happy.
this is fuckin stupid.
chris paul vs dwight howard would be a very interesting match-up.
i think the league is more to blame than players, the rules keep getting softer and softer
well to back up durant, chris bosh is a douche (nothing against heats fans but i had no idea black guys could be douchebags until he did the scream and appeared on entourage) and their is also an age difference between the two. players in the same age bracket (melo, lbj, wade, bosh, paul and amare for example) aren't as close to each other as ones in the newer bracket (love, durant, westbrook, griffin and eric gordon) basically their aau class at the time determines their packs of friends early on.
yup

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ptiekfq6pk
kyle korver snub makes me sad. he's shooting a great % this year and he holds the single season record for 3pt %. he wanted to do it as well.
yeah but tony parker's french, if i had to guess or pick someone to surprise it seems like it'd be blair.
it's not bad in the west either. spurs-lakers, mavs-spurs, spurs-suns, thunder-lakers, thunder-spurs, nuggets-jazz just off the top of my head.
if the celtics and lakers get back to the finals i got shaq pancaking kobe at least twice in the series.
oh crap, eight minute video... 

watches whole thing.

on a side note, i think teams are forgetting la can shoot from anywhere.
regardless of hitting 40 pts or not. phil jackson hit it on the nail; when kobe goes off it screws up the offense rotation. as great as a player kobe is he can't do it himself especially against teams with great team defense. part of the problem lies within the team and how nobody demands the ball when kobe is doing his thing. the lakers are a great team, don't get me wrong; but part of their problem is when the rest of the team can't produce and kobe goes into attack mode while everyone else stands watching. 
i understand that and do agree with you. i just believe that while kobe's the one getting all the "credit" for screwing up the offense in those situations, no one on the team really steps up and says, "you know what, i should have done better, i should have gave it a better effort." the game against boston is a clear indicator of this. everyone says kobe ball hogged and never passed the ball. incorrect. pau was practically scared of kg and shaq. he started to play on the perimeter and just swing the ball. he took terrible shots and didn't even try to do what he usually does.

and artest is terrible and i wish he would be moved before the trade deadline as a side note for making me bring up that game again.
i'll just leave [this](http://i.imgur.com/kwalh.gif) here.
but is it okay to show off the bling?
[relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5m6kkx6ga)
i agree, it was ok. the kid was wearing the new logo shirt but why no shout out for the team? is the league embarrassed to have a team in oakland? they could have even said "we're gonna love that shot in the bay area" or something.
3 on 3 would be cool.
have you seen the new commercials starring blair and hill?  blair seems way too high to be an asshole.

let's go with james anderson for now... ...unless he's back to d-league this week.
i thought the wnba does their all star game in july. 

2v2 nba jam style would need to be played on a special trampoline floor. failing that, rocket shoes. 
matt bonner is hilarious. here's a small skit he did with the basketball jones for the 3pt contest. http://video.thescore.com/watch/tbj-campaign-matt-bonner-for-three
as long as memphis ends up in the east, i don't care who ends up where.
list of guys kobe has made better:  
shaquille o'neal  
andrew bynum  
pau gasol  
kwame brown  
caron butler  
shannon brown  
trevor ariza  
devon george  
smush parker  
chucky atkins  
brian cook  
sasha vujacic  
jordan farmar  
everyone on the 2008 olympic gold medal team, except maybe jason kidd, and including lebron, dwade, and kevin durant, who didn't even make the final team  
me  

i guess you didn't see rose school rondo during the last bulls-celtics game.

edit: misread your comment, i thought you meant that rondo was superior. need more coffee.
well, i think it affected free agency last summer.  
great game from la, but that rose dunk was absolutely nasty.
that was some of the ugliest defense i've seen in a very long time from the bulls. at least it was against a team i actually root for and not one that i hate, for lack of better words. 

trail blazers are a really interesting team. so many injuries, such a stacked team if everything was healthy in portland, but still quite strong even with that many injuries. 

usually when teams have a major portion of their starters and strong bench players injured, they just pack their bags and wait for the lottery. not so for the trail blazers, they go in night in and night out with a desire to win, which is commendable.
oh i did. rondo clearly demonstrated that speed alone will not stop d rose from owning your ass. in fact, he may have demonstrated that nothing will stop d rose from owning your ass.
i saw an interview with tony parker before the all star game where he was asked "would you like to see a 3v3 tournament" and he replied that they play basketball all year competitively, noone would really take it seriously.

if it worked, it would be cool as hell, but i dont know if it would.
i think a lot of that credit goes to nate mcmillan, he'll take a lot of things in stride but no way in hell he'd let them lie down for a game.
happycat looks more like surprisedcat
couldn't a big hulking player, a la d. howard, pull the ol' charles barkley move? you know, stick your ass out and back up until you're underneath the basket - then dunk it.
funny, if the celtics get back to the finals i got shaq on the bench in a suit at least twice in that series.
whoa man, let's not get too controversial here.
you have to look past to now.  it's all based on rivalries.
i believe the team you're looking for would be the carolina panthers.

the lions have been building themselves solidly for the past few years.  in no way would it be appropriate to refer to them as cavs-like
well, that's hoping that the team stays the same,  usually in these types of situations the team gets disbanded and moves to kansas, xd.
wrong o'neal.
i'll give you all of those except for kwame brown and caron butler, no force of god can make kwame brown better and butler's year in l.a was probably his worst non-injured year in the league.
agreed, kobe's value at the time was way below divac's by almost everyone's standards at the time. unproven cocky high schooler who might have even gotten where he was just cause of his dad.

what a lot of people didn't know what that kobe was probably the most studious high schooler ever when it came to basketball. was probably one of the first players to do film study on his own.

http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2010/columns/story?columnist=macmullan_jackie&amp;page=kobefilmstudy-100604
serious question, when matt barnes gets healthy would you want him starting over artest if you can't move artest?
no, [i've got the right one](http://sports.espn.go.com/boston/nba/news/story?id=6095875) (though it'll probably apply to both actually).
i think he was talking about that stretch when the celtics made that 24 point comeback against the lakers and pierce (who had not defended him the whole series) demanded to guard kobe and kept kobe quiet during the comeback.

edit-before that stretch it was mostly ray allen and james posey on him.
no, but only because ron artest in that second unit would be scary. he can't run a fastbreak effectively, even two on ones. he's one of the worst ball handling small forwards i've ever seen. i think he works well enough with the first unit to stay there. if his shot was a bit more consistent he'd be a bigger factor. his d has been slipping, paul pierce lit him up for 30 through 3 quarters the other night. pp's got one of the most predictable offensive games in the league.

barnes brings energy, he brings that dirty grit he has about himself and i trust him much more on the court than i do artest.
shaq is a large hippo man powered by spite (the only teams he really shows up against are the ones he hates) so i think he'd play even if he had a harpoon in his back just so he could come up with tell me how your ass tastes part 2. you're really underestimating how pissed he was about kobe doing the song and dance over having one more ring than shaq, that's the only reason he signed with the celtics instead of going to europe and gaining 40 pounds.
so for one game? he did claim he put on a "clinic" during the finals. and it wouldn't matter if he only meant that game or not, it was the effectiveness of the help defense which led to his poor performance, not some magical defense paul pierce played given to him the second garnett was traded to boston.


that's a great article, thanks for sharing it.
they'll do it through the midlevel exception, assuming it remains in the new bargaining agreement.
agreed, but alignment should not be just about who's good right now.  detroit was a powerhouse a few years ago, and cleveland was in the nba finals.  but we all know what happened there.  all i'm saying is that organization of teams is fucked, and needs to make sense.  
seems like a perfect time to start up some nba trade rumors regarding the defending champions with a big name superstar...
1 on 1 is going to be boring as fuck. have you ever seen 1n1 tournaments on tv? i've only seen 1 and it was streetball rules and it was still boring! even the 1n1 back in the day was kinda unbearable to watch.

2 on 2 might do me some good. 


well i agree with you on the help defense part, i have to say kobe was having a good game until pp was put on him so that had to have had something to do with it, either that or kobe went from hot to cold in three minutes.
maybe on offense, but pippen was a big defensive stopper.
handchecking was phased out because scoring and, as a result, ratings were both down after the lockout.
definitely could. 
is it so hard to just like to watch the sport? there are enough great athletes in the nba that i can watch just for the sake of seeing them play without needing some contrived storyline to keep me interested.
and if it doesnt?
i believe i heard something like this one time. that if you throw the ball from your chest it is deemed a pass, and above your shoulders it is a shot.
nobody know what it will look like yet, but i'm willing to bet if they remove the mle, there will be some other system in place to allow teams over the limit to sign players.
we all hate you. sincerely, the fans.
i personally do play.

* 6'1"/210lbs

* yes, i want to play division ii college ball

* decent midrange jumper, crafty get-to-the-hoop-moves (european 2 1/2 step), good passer and shot blocking

* gotta shed a couple lbs, increase vertical, and work on ball handling

* i love grant hill's game (current). it's not flashy, but he has a good pullup jumper, the occasional great pass, and some pretty sweet footwork
you're a bull's fan, your team gave us michael jordan who made it his point in life to humiliate the opposition and wanted nothing to do with other players on the court. kind of weird coming from a bull's fan.
i used to when i was a kid, ive always been tall for my age until recently. i have horrible hand eye coordination, i cant catch, no matter how hard ive tried since i was a kid i just cant catch a ball, im a decent shooter and with a week of practicing i can become an outside threat. plus my knees hurt all the time and the extra 20 lbs of weight ive put on arent helping, been trying to get back into shape for my knees sake and start playing ball again, and soccer which is my true love
ya, 6 foot even, 180 pounds, 

intermurals

post up moves, rebounding and defense.

outside shooting

tim duncan, kevin mchale and hakeem olajuwon
funny. i'm a warriors fan but love the bobcats. i love gerald wallace. stephen jackson, while it may be contrary to popular gs fanhood, retains a special place in my heart. shaun livingston is still one of my all time "what could have been" faves, dj augustin is fun to watch and i like the city of charlotte (bojangles!!).
i think these should be the events.

* dunk contest (8 players)

* h.o.r.s.e. (6 players)

* skills challenge (6 players)

* 2v2 tournament (8 teams)

* 3 pt shootout (8 players)

* rookie vs. soph game (16 players)

* winner of the rookie/soph game plays d-league allstars (16 players)

* all star "b" game (16 players)

* all star game (16 players)

make it last 4 or 5 days, and have some of the events over the course of 2 days.

imo....
i don't see melo and kobe co-existing very well. neither of them is as good as lebron at distributing the ball and the laker's don't have any one earning any assists during games. it would be like a strong left and right fists, only they're not attached to a body.
i wouldn't say i play basketball as much as make a mockery of it with my lack of skills. however, having said that i'll answer your questions...

**height/weight:** 5'9/150

**plans:** nope, i do it as a source of exercise.

**best skills:** persistence; i go a lot but still have an awful jumpshot, have no handles, and can't consistently hit free throws.

**what needs work:** everything, though really i feel like i have decent form on my shot, but for some reason i'm very inconsistent. some days i feel like i can hit jumpshots with no problem but other days i'll be lucky to even find the backboard. i've heard the common advice but for some reason it hasn't worked out for me.

**nba player model:** quite frankly any at this point, i think working on fundamentals at this point is good enough.

**other background:** i never played basketball on a team at any level and i actually only started playing 
about two years ago as a destresser through law school.

edit:

it looks like a lot of you have more experience than i do so i was wondering if any of you had tips on improving the consistency of my shot. my shot is so inconsistent that i can't say that i even miss it the same way consistently (i.e. it's not consistently short, long, right, or left). i feel like i'm doing the same thing every time but for some reason i get different results. any suggestions?
* 5'10"

* recreational player, former high school player, nothing major.

* i've got a decent jumper, but i mostly just try to scrap and make the hustle plays.

* need to work on free throws and on-the-ball defense.

* i like brandon roy's game, but it doesn't mean i look anything like him when i'm playing. i try to mimic his jab-step and his [crossover](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_155kjvqd4), with little success.
thank you.
5'10. 200 lbs stocky - i'm built like wolverine!
i use to play organized ball alot on rec leagues, but mostly just play games at the park or at this court in this middle school. in the summer time you'll have 20+ ppl waiting. 
shooting, good at running the pick and roll, i can usually drive in pretty well with some neato little moves, and the chuck is always a good way to get open. 
definitely need to lose about 20lbs and up my endurance. 
jj barea! oh yea or allen iverson. 


i've tried a few times to do [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crs-qt1dero), let's just say it didn't work.
like the old saying goes "the spirit is willing by the flesh is weak."  shaq is the oldest player in the league and he hasn't been in good shape for a few years.  you could see how ineffective and embarrassing he was against the lakers 10 days ago (hell, derek fisher showed him up - twice), and now shaq's gonna miss the celtics - lakers game tomorrow.  you can count on both shaq and j.o. sitting on the bench for most if not all of the playoffs, just as they've both done for a large part of this season.  boston only signed them to fill in for kendrick perkins while he was hurt anyway, and now that he's back neither one of them is needed.

if boston it to the finals, it's a good bet shaq will be wearing brooks brothers rather than celtic green.
i all ways thought his nickname should be slip-n-slide, because that's what people look like when they try to guard him.
yeah i agree, it just seems poetic that win or lose shaq goes out in the finals win or lose before the lockout forces him to retire.
he was a great basketball player in minnesota, too. didn't seem to help much.
i am not very tall 5'9 about 165 pounds. not in any leagues but i play quite often. best skill is probably my defense, i can keep someone in front of me, til i tire out which happens quicker then it should, also my 3 point shooting. my ball handling needs a lot of work, i hate to just bring it up court sometimes. and mostly, i have not been able to settle on a shot form as its constantly changing, basically what ever works that day. i wish i could model my play like kevin martin, knocking down 3's and "and 1's," but i'm not nearly as fast or good to do it consistently.
all his submissions are crap. he submits anything he finds just for some karma.
no, i find interesting topics and i like to share them with the community. i'm guessing this one wasn't that great. :\
fml i just bought espn insider 1 week ago, this sucks.
* 6'1" / 230lb
* we played intramural and school stuff, but i was not close to good enough in comparison to the awesome players we had in hs (3000 kids)
* passing and rebounding
* protecting the ball on the dribble - i have short legs. not much i can do there.

i wish i could still play but i jacked up my shoulder and i can't shoot anymore. even if it didn't lock up, the fact i no longer have a smooth motion makes my shots totally unpredictable. whenever i see a pro with a wrist or shoulder problem, i know how truly fucked they are.
* 6'/165
* play in domestic competition, in div.1/div.2, but definitely not good enough to play in a representative comp
* rebounding, shot-blocking, defense (post-d and on-ball are pretty decent), athleticism, scoring around the basket
* shooting (mid-range is sometimes passable, 3-point shooting is just awful), free throws, ball-handling. my passing is ok but it could definitely be better
* nba *players*...there's a lot of guys i watch and try to model my game on, but i'd say my game closely resembles josh smith, or even guys like corey brewer, wilson chandler or luc mbah a moute. as for who i model my game on, i'd love to have russell westbrook's all-around talent, and i admire the way wes matthews has really improved his scoring ability this season.
i haven't played for about a year and a half now.

* 5'10, 180lbs (was around 165lbs when i played a lot)

* no plans to play on an organized team, at least while living where i'm currently living. maybe when i move to the city, closer to campus.

* my best skills were my speed and vertical. i was an excellent passer and a solid mid/long range shooter. not exactly sure how high my vert was in inches, but to give you an example, when i skated, i was able to ollie over standard trash cans standing up, 8 decks without a kicker, so my blocking ability was pretty damn good.

* my ball handling wasn't very strong, which worked against me due to my speed (turnovers moving through the lane). i also was a bit too physical on defense.

* i'd say i modeled my game after someone like steve nash. not the tallest guy out there, nor the biggest, but i used my speed and craftiness to get passes to where i needed them. i also have a pretty accurate jumper.

* i would like to add that i've skateboarded since i was 8 years old, played quarterback in football (50 yard passes when i was 13). i also played tennis in high school, with a mean serve, and i played baseball as well. basketball was the hardest sport for me to play due to my tendencies to overpower the ball with my arms.
about 6' and 170. i just play pick up games mostly. i'm a good man on man defender and i have some fancy layups with either hand. i need to work on ball handling, especially in traffic, and getting some basic offensive plays down. i'm not always the cleanest in running a pick and roll. i kinda like odom, that all-around, unselfish guy, i'm not tall enough to model everything on him, like rebounding and dunking obviously, but i like how he plays on offense.
i've got a game in an hour :)
did you ever try switching hands?

i mean, i'm no basketball genius, but over 6-7 months i taught myself to shoot lefty.  it's not great, but i just did it to prove i could; i'm sure with serious effort you could do it.

i used to play.  

played for my highschool and used to go to ucla mens gym after school and on the weekends.  during the summer of 95 i played pick up ball with barron davis a handful of times.  i also played park league ball in granada hills with the collins twins.  we used to call them the twin towers back then. 
i'm 6 foot, really want to play some im ball at college next year. i played post for my 8th grade c-team team. we ran the motion offense, which was fun to learn. i'm garbage all around, but i try to plow my way to the hoop and draw a foul. 
what does aau have to do with this? 

no trying to be a dick, i just dont know. googled it and got amateur athletic union. do most players join this before the pros or something?
this was what you consider an "interesting topic"?

are you 10?
i won't lie, i care much more about the heat/celtics game on 2/13. but i am really excited to see the wizards play on the road against the cavs at home. 

edit: also, since i am going to be downvoted anyway because of the little flaming basketball next to my name, i have to say that most cleveland fans are awesome, even in abysmal team failure. i have to confess that i lurk the cavaliers section of cleveland.com. mainly because i get to read works of art such as:

&gt; watching the cavs is like watching an opera. i have no idea what's going on, there are people aimlessly flopping all over a wooden floor and it always ends tragically.

i wish miami fans were half as awesome in victory as some cleveland fans are in defeat.

i apologize for repeatedly qualifying the awesomeness of cleveland fans, but there is a ridiculously bitter cleveland fan on reddit named charbo, i sometimes sense he is also pathologically homophobic, that really is not awesome and usually just childish. 

anyway, i at first didn't like cleveland because they were anti-lebron and king james is our new lord (wade being our savior, and bosh being the spirit in the trinity). however, in watching how cleveland fans have dealt with the agony and the ecstasy i have gained a new found respect for cleveland fandom that i never had before.

i am not sure why i am posting this. it is something that had been percolating in my mind and the opera comment finally got it to materialize. i need to go to sleep. 
stephen basically looks the same now as he did then.
[this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-nv0gzof_0) video of "pistol" pete maravich all ways helped me. to each his own though.
it worries me. 
i don't like the cavs any more than any other team besides the blazers, but you never want to see a team struggle like that. go cavs!
* 6'3 160
* played intramurals last year. would like to play in a rec league
* my best skill is the type of hand-checking you can only find in a prison yard. joking aside i guess i'm a decent onball defender. for my build i'd say i'm an above average rebounder and not afraid to bang down low against ~~pussies~~ guys who are stronger than me.
* my handles and help defense need work
a lot of the best players in the country grow up playing on the same teams in high school they grow up as friends so it takes the competitive edge off. take some time to look at those aau rosters over the years and you'll see why the league is so friendly. if you're an american player in the nba and you were good, you probably played in the aau.
&gt;i try to plow my way to the hoop and draw a foul.

you will do just fine in college pick-up games then
you know, it would be refreshing to see a star go to a shit team and try and turn them around. i don't like this superfriends trend in pro ball. i admire amare for going to ny and trying to turn around a shitty team like that. 

of course i'm a fan of a team that is pretty shitty so i'm sure that's why i feel that way. 
i am you. exact height, weight, and skills/lack of skills.
* 5'8" and about 150 lbs. soaking wet
* only really play pickup games - prefer outdoors, but an indoor gym is okay too
* i've got a good handle and like to make flashy passes.  i think i like the game most because i enjoy finding passing angles.  i'm also always boxing out on rebounds, though i'm so short it rarely helps.  i like to get into the paint and shoot off-balance leaners, floaters, and scoop shots (maybe like antwan jamison).  mostly learned that last skill from being so short all my life and having to avoid shot blockers!
* i can't shoot outside of 20 feet, and i reach and swipe at the ball on d (but at least i trim my nails).  i'm not a very big dude, so i get annoyed when people try to post me up.  i'm not sure if i ever blocked a shot last year.
* i most like players that get into the paint and wreak havoc, like a nash or rondo.
occasional pick-up games in high school.

* 5'11, 160 lbs.

* possibly intramurals, depending on what college i go to

* passing and post d

* mid-range jumper and rebounding

* vlade divac (need to improve the jumper)
when  you guys are playing pick-up isn't having a six foot(+)er essentially like having a 7 footer in the nba
we must meet and play a game.

there can only be one
i can't afford shit, but i'm hoping to go to a clippers game before the season ends, if i manage to get some money together.  i'm a clippers and lakers fan and would attend both if i could afford both, but for the time being, i can only see myself going to clippers games in the near future.
yes. i am 6'3 and weigh 160. i usually end up playing center because i'm the tallest person on the team, even though the guy i'm guarding will have a good 40 pounds on me
i know lots of people who have the same problem on their shooting.  to me, the best advice is to make sure you're always practicing your shooting at game speed.  sometimes it's nice just to have a ball and shoot around at a hoop, but you're not improving when you do this.

just visualize the defender closing out on you fast each time you have to shoot, because that's probably when you're shooting in actual games.  train your legs/mind to always give 100% when you're practicing - when you're tired, you'll often revert to bad habits unless you're focused.

remember that repetition is the key to success here.  you have to train your body so you can do things properly when you're tired.  maybe run for a few minutes to work up a sweat to get yourself a little worn, then focus on doing everything right with your shooting technique.

also, work on bank shots from 5, 10, then 15 feet away, from both sides of the hoop.  they'll help you to put good arc on the ball.  and when i say work on them, you gotta shoot at least 25 from each spot, and set some kind of goal (x in a row before you can move on, etc.).
also, a way to get cheaper espn insider (if you don't mind waiting a month or so) is to be on the lookout for discounts on subscription to the magazine. i was able to get insider for $5 at discountmags.com
i've been saying this for a while, donald sterling has a very smart business plan. bring a shitty team to a city with a very good team, feed off the people who can't afford the good team's tickets.
* 5' 8", 150 lbs
* recreational player
* point guard, create plays and shoot 30% from the arc lol
* rebounding and screens
* jason kidd
lmao rondo playing 1 on 1. he'll just drive to the basket and pass it out of bounds.
travelling
great tips.

&gt;train your legs/mind to always give 100% when you're practicing - when you're tired, you'll often revert to bad habits unless you're focused.

i've started to realize that this is a big part of it. i notice that when i really put my legs into it i tend to shoot better. i've also noticed that i get a certain feeling when i'm shooting well, it just feels "right". i think what i'm trying to describe is the rhythm shooting. when i'm shooting poorly it feels awkward and out of rhythm - like i'm forcing the correct form but it's just not working. i'm trying to focus on these fundamentals first before i try to shoot at game speed.

i like your suggestion on bank shots, do you know any drills that sound like they would help my rhythm shooting issue?

thanks for the tips, i can't wait for the snow to clear so i can go back to shooting.

* 5'5" / 120lbs

* my first rec league starts on the 18th

* best skill?  none (i'm horrible), although i do alright on d.

* what needs work?  everything :(

*  while i'd love to say kobe, i'll more than likely follow a boston celtics-era ray allen; come off screens for quick catch and shoots.  my ball handling skills suck.
slamball tournament.  only pad everything for safety.
it's odd, but i love basketball as a spectator sport, but my skills are far too poor to enjoy playing. i'm 5'5", 160 lbs and can't leap more than 9 feet or shoot straight, so i'm essentially kwame brown in earl boykins's body. as far wanting to play, my love of the game is limited to the sidelines. i could see myself coaching intramurals

i loved the jordan era bulls, but i was too young to appreciate it (i was 10 when they won their last championship). i didn't watch any sports until i got to college, when my roommate was a season ticket holder for the bulls. i'd watch games with him (hinrich-gordon-deng era) and pick his brain. i became a bit of a stats junkie while learning the game (since i'm an engineer), and once the bulls drafted rose, i've watched just about every game since.
before we got old?
i play as a destresser as a freshman in college. i like to play at the uni's courts with other students and stuff. one time this guy told me that i play like an nba player called "big country". went home, looked him up, was offended by his looks, and complimented by his playing skills haha.
yeah but if you go back to the jamison topic, the only reason why he looked so good for the wizards was because he was the guy there. when he went to cleveland he did poor, because he didn't feel right, because he took a back seat to lebron. at least when amare was on phoenix he wasn't the go to every play. they were balanced. so he would have fit right in and done his role the best. and maybe he slacks on defense because he hasn't played with a leader like lebron. james would  have put him in his place
6'2", 170 lbs. 

post moves, vision, smart player and hustle. 

high school, intramural, pick up games. 

ball handling especially my left hand. could use some athleticism but don't think that is coming anytime soon. 

model my game after jerome "junkyard dog" williams, joe d, bill laimbeer, tayshaun. 

i still get mad when i think of fouling out of the championship game loss. our first loss of the season. 

i hate those little fat fucks. 
* 5'10"/140 lbs
* just recreational with my friends
* 3 point shot, passing
* getting to the paint
* daron williams
. 5'11"/180lbs
. i played in my rec league as a kid and played high school ball for a few years
. i've got a great shot from outside all the way in, i'm not the quickest or the strongest so i use my iq and passing ability and unorthodox techniques to score and get around defenders, i also have an unstoppable fadeaway turn-around jumpshot
. need to work on defense and conditioning and consistency
. for my point guard and dribbling tendencies i like andre miller he weaves his way through the paint, i try to mimic rudy fernandez or ray allen coming off a screen but i'm a little slower, and i try to mimic kg in the post with the turn around shot and mchale for the up-fakes
5'6" 180

thinking about park dist league next year

3pt jumper

handles/pull up from speed

d rose, nash
i do not play at all. i just absolutely suck at basketball. if i do play, it's solely for the purpose of humoring myself and reminding myself why i don't play. frisbee is my game.
the cavaliers have lost more games in a row than any us sports team ever. that includes baseball, which plays twice the games.
height- 5 ft 11
im playing for fitchburg state in mass this upcoming fall/winter
best skills- hustling and shot blocking. average jumper.
improvement- speed and vertical 
nba player-steve nash. great player. despite not winning he keeps his mouth shut. one of the best pg's in the league with a filthy shot and excellent free throw shooter
6'5 280 lbs juco small forward. all around game minus the now absent athleticism.

nba: between a hedo or lebron
**height/weight**: 5'11, 160lb

**played/currently playing:** college im, rec leagues/tournaments, pick up games

**position**: 4, 5

**your best skills:** man on man d, post d, sealing the passing lanes, shot-blocking, rebounding, post-moves (turnaround hook), finding guys open in the low post either drawing the double team or backdoor cuts.  

**what needs work:** a consistent mid-range. pick-and-roll

**nba player (past or present) that you want to model your game on?**: tim duncan (the post), shane battier (on defense),

- 6"3/220
- if i can find time wouldn't mind joining a city rec men's league. used to play hs.
- post up game + d
- ball handling
- i'm like a shorter gheorghe muresan but with less dribbling skill and acting ability. 

great thread. always wondered about this. 

edit: probably should have answered the core part of the thread and noted that "yes, i do play", probably twice a week... 4 times on a good week... no times in a bad week. (good or bad is just defined by free time!)
no joke, that is probably my favorite "nba highlight" clip of all time. i knew what the link was going to be even before i viewed it! 

what is it about the movement that makes it so bloody difficult to replicate? i guess it's the backwardsness of it - goes against everything you've been taught about ballhandling/traveling/movement. it's a totally un-natural movement as well. 

great clip though. 
frisbee is a great game.
* 165+cm, 75kg (totally out of condition)

* yeah a regional daily comp in july...

* drawing fouls on both ends of the court :)

* converting free-throws :(

* jason kidd (i always take on the pg spot, mainly because i don't trust anyone else making the first distributing pass)
jamal crawford is one of my favorite ballhandlers, in case you've never seen [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whkax7hz1fw&amp;feature=related) clip, it's another excellent move by him.
* 5'10", 170 pounds
* i play intramural ball in college, and pickup games every day.  i don't really enjoy organized competitive basketball, though i did play in high school.

* ball handling, right-handed drives, and mid-range jump shots.
* ball handling, left-handed drives, and all other shots.  also, my post game.
* kobe got me interested in the game - he's the only reason i've ever played.  more realistically, i like to compare myself to tony parker, except i wouldn't have cheated on my wife...
kobe did a song and dance? i thought all he did was say "i got one more than shaq". i think shaq was the one doing the rap song and dance. maybe we underestimated how pissed kobe was about that.
this is like some kind of twisted dating site.
yep. i buy clipper tickets if i want good seats. laker games, i sit in the nose bleeds, but i might shell out for lower bowl seats (still not as good as the clipper seats i'd get) if i'm feeling frisky.

i don't really think about the fact that i'm giving donald sterling my money. i just want to see some blakey dunks. before that, i just wanted to see the other team up close and personal.
i frickin' hate when i get called for a tech for doing this in my intramural league.
6' 175 lbs
high school and college intramural
silky smoov 3
goin left...
ray allen, rip hamilton, brandon roy
dude would make today's pros cry like justin bieber at a slayer concert.
hmm, that definitely sounds like something to consider, i do notice that i tend to look up at the ball after i release it sometimes which might be throwing off my concentration as i'm shooting.

maybe i should aim for a particular spot on the backboard and try to hit that exact same spot? (i just don't want to damage my walls :p)
i think that falls under the category of totally worth it.
thanks for the video, i've watched it a few times before but it's difficult to tell where i'm going wrong exactly. i feel like i'm doing what he's instructing in that video but clearly something isn't quite right. i wish i had a way to record myself shooting so i could see what i'm doing wrong.
thanks for the link. this was great reading.
want to be on my team?
lol &lt;3
no he supposedly sang his own version of tell me how my ass tastes.
this. 1000x this. i'm 6' 5" 205 and i'll play center against meatheads who are 200 6' and its just miserable. i'd prefer play someone taller with the same build. 
so, the way to get players to perform is to threaten them with hellacious running exercises if they don't? hey coach, here's an idea: do more coaching and less threatening.
oh, i did not see that. link?
* 6', 210lbs

* i play in 1 mid-week team at the moment. i used to play on 3.

* post player. strength training has made me pretty damn powerful and quick in the post, which is great because i'm not the tallest player by a long shot. in the competitiion that i play in now, there are only maybe 1 or 2 players that i cannot muscle out or manipulate with my hips/shoulders/elbows. and there are no players in my competition that that can jump higher than me, which makes rebounding my obvious strong point, and i get a ton of them every game.

* my shot accuracy in offensive post moves needs work. i have enough moves up my sleeve that keep me mostly unpredictable, my foot-work is fine, my stability is fine, my speed is fine. i can do all the hard work to get to my shot, but my in-game accuracy, beyond a couple of feet, is too low.

* i watch pretty much all low-post big men in games now. but, growing up, shaq was always my favorite player to watch.
i play pick-up and intramural, i never played until i got to college. also, i think i might be the tallest guy to post so far. 

6' 5" 205
currently on a team
rebounds and lockdown defense. i can also drive the lane surprisingly well for my size. 
post moves mostly, i can bang around down there but i lack mchale-ian finesse
probably joakim noah but i'd like to be a pau gasol
this comment was pretty funny having just read [this one](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fif3m/how_many_of_you_nba_fans_actually_play_basketball/c1g6uck)
6'0, 180

was the best player in my little (rural canadian) high school of 750 people, which doesn't really mean much. went to a few invitation-only regional camps and was definitely in the bottom 3rd of the 150 or so there. i never tried out for my university team, which is something i've always regretted. played intramurals for the last 5 years, until hurting my knee last year. tried to play again last month with my new knee brace and re-injured it. not sure if i'll be able to play much more.

skills - good mid-range game, and very good at absorbing contact while finishing around the basket. post game is decent for my height, because i always used it to exploit my brother and his friends. i also think i am a pretty good passer.

needs work - well, everything just needs to get better. since my school team was less than stellar, i had to do a lot of different stuff. as a result i don't have anything that is just brutal, but everything could use a tune-up. if i had to go with something specific i'd say rebounding and fighting picks.

player - scottie pippen
actually i'm ambidextrous! i didn't play much after my shoulder injury, but before i got full use of my arm back i did try doing things like shooting lefty. the main problem is when i hold the ball with my right hand i don't have the same range of motion...think of the old "serving a pizza" thing you get taught when you are a kid about holding the ball. i can't get my hand out of the way.

though i would like to say i developed a hook shot ;d

it's true though - i've always thought that a decent hook shot is one of those "necessity is the mother of invention" things. when you play against much bigger/better people you need to be able to have a hook shot. i never bothered with it...i wanted to shoot better fts instead when i was just sitting there on my own. but it did come along.

sorry for such a rambling answer.
it doesn't really matter what you aim for, it could just be the backboard itself.  the goal is just to maintain a consistent shooting motion.  even if it's a little goofy-looking, as long as you shoot the same way almost every time, you'll become accurate given enough attempts.

even on days you can't get to the gym, just practice the motion.  you'll feel ridiculous, but you can watch the form easier.

once you have a form (all this is assuming you're strong enough to get the ball to the hoop from any distance you so choose), then it's just getting up hundreds of shots and staying relaxed in game.  tensing up will throw it off again.

side note: i forget where, so i have no source, but i remember reading a bit about two groups of basketball players.  one group just shot free throws for x number of weeks.  the other group did the same, but also did lots of visualization exercises ("see the ball go in in your head", etc) and at the end of the x weeks, the latter group hit their fts at a noticeably higher rate.  again, just recalling off the top of my head, but you might as well try it.
you know what you should have asked is if we can dunk or not.
oh haha dammit. now i feel bad.
i can't find a link but it's mixed in with these stories about kobe celebrating him surpassing shaq in the ring department.

http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?page=simmons/100820
rhythm shooting works best if you have a rebounder to keep feeding you as you fire away from, say, opposing endpoints of the key.  alternatively, the wing-3-pointers are good to practice.

make ten from each spot and then rebound for your friend.  win-win.
i'm not sure if this will make sense by the way i describe it, but i consider myself an upper-body shooter. in other words, i tend to use my arms as my main source of powering the ball to the hoop. i've heard there are some disadvantages to this which include inconsistent shooting because i'm using more smaller muscles versus using larger leg muscles that tend to easier to control. does any of that sound consistent with your experience and do you suggest changing that?

by the way, i recently discovered this subreddit and i'm loving it. i thought reddit hated sports.
thanks, that's my new drill. the only upside to having snow on the ground is i can miss shots without having to chase the ball when i miss since it just plops down in the snow.
thanks for the heads up!
i was expecting a hard coded "no" when i looked at the source...i feel bad for them...especially after what happened with lebron
height/weight: 6'2" 205lbs at the moment

organized team: i wanted to play intramural at my college this quarter but the courts got fucked up or something and our gym is being rebuilt. maybe next quarter.

skills: post up moves definitely. i can use either hand on either block and i've got a ton of head fake and countermoves. also a pretty consistent jumper up to 18' especially off of pick/pops.

what needs work: my handles are much improved but of course i'd like to improve them. i can d up on most people but i like to hang back and play team d more so if you have a consistent jumper i get burned alot.

nba player: i'd love to say olajuwon. also i see alot of my game in the lakers rookie caracter but he never gets any time so we haven't really seen him develop like i think he can yet.
what part of "aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh" does david stern not understand?
* 6'3", 190 lbs
* just like playing pickup games
* decent midrange, and i can usually force my way into the post (usually have a size/weight advantage), rebounding, i can dunk (just wanted to throw that in there)
* going right (i'm left handed), handling the ball, passing in traffic, post moves
* haven't thought about it, but i guess tim duncan

i haven't balled in over a month though...  




actually, that sounds exactly like what happens anytime i solely shoot free throws or other low-intensity types of stuff for a while.  

on the bright side, doing this means you'll probably hold the ball for longer, which is better for consistency, but not what you want in-game.

another thing you can try is starting at the tim duncan spot (y'know, the place he shoots his bank shot from) on whichever side, take one hard dribble toward the ft line, rise up, and shoot.  repeat over and over and be sure to push off from the ground **hard**.  core exercises help.

another side note:  i'm a righty, so when i go right towards the ft line, i kinda do the t-mac thing (push up off of left foot alone and swing my right leg forward as a counter-weight; you can see it in any youtube video of him shooting off screens).  also, getting a running start and then elevating isn't as helpful as doing the "ray-allen-off-a-screen move and rising up while pretending dwight howard is fast approaching" move.

if you could pick a player whose stroke you mirror, who would it be?  garnett?  marion's sternum launch?  nash's sorta-side-of-his-head motion?  kobe/t-mac?  billups? ray allen?
ok. 

let me respond here with a numbered list:

1) this is not documented or on the record, nor was there anyone there to record it, as in shaq's case. kobe is too smart for that (*as far as shaq goes - see below about how he did not handle the bynum-kidd situation too smartly). he knows not to get that dirty in public, which is why he was restrained in the press conference. it's basically a rumor.

2) even if it's a rumor, i actually believe he did this, but i think you are misinterpreting it as a "song and dance". what simmons says is that he heard that "kobe sounded a little like tupac lighting everyone up at the end of "hit 'em up." from his earlier descriptions as well, this doesn't sound like kobe did a rap. what tupac does at the end of "hit 'em up" is go through a litany of people he tells to fuck themselves. 

3) but even if it wasn't a song and dance, as i believe it was not, your point is taken that shaq would be upset to hear that kobe was cursing him, even off the record. i just didn't recognize what you were saying, because kobe never publicly said anything as distasteful toward shaq, as shaq did with his rap toward kobe. and there is a difference between doing it off the record and doing it where someone can record you (kind of like how kobe was dumb to tell those kids who recorded him saying how he would rather have jason kidd than andrew bynum). 
6'6 215 shooting guard/small forward
currently playing college ball.
shooting off dribble, rebounding, 1 on 1 game.
need to work on defending smaller quicker players.
i dont necessarily try to model my game after anyone but i supposed the most similarities from current players would be somewhere between roy/peirce
i'm so glad he's a hawk, though my unfortunate trade senses are tingling.
i do.

height/weight-6'0/200

plans: intramural at my college and several leagues during the summer.

best skills: driving to the hoop and passing. i usually play point guard. the people i play with are kind of small though causing me to move to shooting guard or small forward.

needs work: mid range shot and 3 point shot. getting a lot better at both. also there are times when i get a little out of control and have an all too often tendency to go behind my back on the fast break to the left side when someone is in front of me.

nba player model: i play exactly like lebron does. it's really weird and a lot of my friends noticed this before i did.
roflcopter
don't mention that! he'll take that away next!
i feel bad for grant hill in the same way.  both are in the top 1% of classiest players in the league.
* 5'6 158 :[
* see above
* see above (though i do have a good free throw)
* see above
* jj barea. (lol)
i'd like to see a 2-man game or an "opposite hand" skills contest.
1. ya, but there are just way too many nba urban legends that i don't want to not be true.........who wants to sex mutombo!? that and knowing their history it's kind of hard not to believe this happened.

2. i've heard hit em up before and i was thought kobe was singing out his fuck yous because of simmon's description. btw am i crazy for thinking that kobe had a rap or r&amp;b album out at one time?

3. agreed, i probably should've elaborated just a smidge more.
i gotta go with derrick rose for putting his team on his back.  considering the injuries and how good their record is now, it would be a travesty if the award went to someone else.

i have been playing since middle school and i play now more as a way to get some excercise. 

height/weight 5'9 200lbs

any plans to play on an organized team? played in high school. have been participating in rec leagues the past couple of years. 

your best skills? i have a decent jump shot. also pretty good at raining 3's. 

what needs work? i need to lose some lbs so i can be quicker. i used to be able to grab the rim which is pretty good for my height but the extra weight is holding me down. 

nba player ? aaron brooks and kyle lowry are pretty impressive to me. both are undersized and still manage to get to the basket. lowry also plays pretty good d. 

i might just be projecting but it seems like nash/hill are in the top 1% of people.
how'd it go?
&gt;kwame brown in earl boykins's body

isiah would draft you
where do you play at? or at least what conference/level?
&gt;steve being too humble to ask for one

by all accounts i've read, he honestly doesn't want one. he wants to play for phoenix. 
yeah i believe it. i meant that he would never seek out something as selfish as ring-hunting so someone should do it for him.
hey, me too, lets play
started my college career in the america east conference at the d1 level. since then i have missed over a season's worth of time due to injuries. along with the injuries i also felt that the school i was at wasnt the right place for me academically and i felt underappreciated on the court. they didnt offer the things that i was attempting to major in. so i went to junior college where i never ended up playing (injuries etc). not wanting to waste another year of eligibility i transferred to a d3 school and i played much of this season before being sidelined yet again with an injury. also, for anyone out there who is attempting to play high level college ball dont let the "d1 factor" make your decision for you. unless youre playing for one of the best teams in the nation then good d3 ball and d1 are roughly the same competition level. d2 is garbage do not even bother.
hey, if you guys want to find a pick up game with some reddtors, i made a sub reddit called pick_up_sports

right now, there's nothing on it, but if someone wants do a little bit of work on it, or even take it off my hands

edit:

ht:5-9 wt:180

no organized teams

no meaningful skills

everything

i'd model my game after hakeem if i had the skill/height, but i think i tend to play more like big baby davis
is this a static image or what?
his mid-range jumper is almost automatic.  now he's picking up the post game and force in the paint, and he can seriously destroy teams when he wants to.  i think teams have picked up on it, actually.  i bought league pass this year, and any time i watch a game hosted by opposing team versus portland, aldridge is always the guy the announcers worry and get pissed about. 
6'0/165

used to play aau and such in high school, but not competitively in the past 5 or so years

i have a pretty slick shot and vision

lack the power and size to be any good

lebron.  his game is absolutely insane, considering there isn't a person that has ever lived with the athletic capabilities and talent he has/could have.  when i play, i try to think a step ahead and model my game the way he does.  unfortunately, i suck now, so it doesn't really work out well in anything but a game of tips.

at this stage, it may as well be.. 
oh yeah, actually getting out and playing is the best stress reliever and hobby for me. 

i'm 5'11, 165 and have a decent enough build for post offense.

right now i play with a organization in college as well as im. the organization isn't anything serious at all. 

best skills are probably ball-handling, jumpshot, and rebounds. it's odd just because my dad always put an emphasis on ball handling, even though he's 6'3'' and played more of the big man. now though i'm usually pg even if i'm the tallest one out there. i've been doing behind-the-back pretty fast since i was a kid so now it's a rare sight some people like to watch. rebounds are more just a mentality and timing, you know how it works. i'm working on the post, which is a lot of fun for me, but definitely a different challenge

boozer! don't have the logo, but i'm bulls all the way. i would say my jumpshot is used in a little more versatile manner than his though, like catch and shoots. plus my ball-handling isn't really characteristic of boozer.
ha

ha

flaming basketball for a flaming individual

&gt;king james is our new lord (wade being our savior, and bosh being the spirit in the trinity).


god i fucking hate you so much
kobe had an album - i don't think he released it. probably someone talked some sense into him. but he will never live down this [performance with tyra banks](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpzjglzzx38).  

i also need to get a copy of [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b-ball%27s_best_kept_secret) cd.
how good is espn insider? i've been tempted before to get it.
top 1% of classiest people in the world?

hmm, let's see, if nash and hill are in a room with 200 people would they be the top 2 classiest people in the room? well depends, am i in the room? because then the best they could be is number 2 and 3 classy. but let's say i'm not there, although that would be really cool to be in a room with nash and hill. i wonder if they would talk to me? nah, there would probably be a lot of people wanting to talk to them. would they be classy enough to give me a second of their time, or would they say "you got a better chance of finding bin laden"? but i'm not there, so they definitely can get to the top two spots if they wanted to class it up. hill got the nba sportsmanship award **three** times. that's pretty classy. nash did win a sportsmanship award for the pacific division. that's classy. grant hill plays the piano, that is really classy. or is that classical? nash is canadian. a lot of those canadians are classy. he passes the ball a lot too. that, too, is classy. and he makes funny commercials. but does that make him classy? dave chappelle is funny, but wouldn't call him classy. and nash's hair can get stringy looking, that's not a classy look. it looks disheveled. grant always looks so nice, and he speaks so well. man, this is tough, i think grant hill will probably always be one of the top two classiest people in a room of 200, but nash? he is pretty classy, but there's probably one or two other people classier than him, just because i know some classy people and man, they really stand out. 

i think grant hill is in the top 1% of classy people in the world. nash is probably in the top 2 or 3%.
you forgot tim duncan
"ricky rubio. someday, you're gonna play in the nba. playing with kevin love and michael beasley. they're gonna love those no look passes and those handles in minnesota ... wait, you don't understand a word i'm saying, do you? crap, why didn't i bring my spanish dictionary?"
not yet bro, next game they lose they surpass the 76-77 tampa bay bucs
the collins twins went to my elementary school.  they'd come by every once in a while and talk at assemblies. pretty cool dudes
tim duncan, top 1% of classiest people in the world? hmm, he hasn't even won a sportsmanship award for his division, let alone the nba. but he did win a sports illustrated sportsman of the year award in 2003. but does that mean he's classy? plus, that award was shared with david robinson, oh man, the admiral is a class act, so maybe you are classy if you get that award. but wait brett favre got the same award and so did tiger woods, mark mcgwire, and sammy sosa, so i don't know if it means you're classy if you get that award. duncan does make weird faces to the refs too. not classy. he doesn't have any enemies except joey crawford, so he's probably kind of classy, and you never hear him say bad things about other people.

i'd put duncan in the top 5% of classy people in the world.
yes

*5' 9"/160

*weekly pickup games, but played im's in college.

*spot up shooter, slash and kick, south paw dominant, role player.

*right hand lay ups and handles

*i was given the nickname manu-beno in college during an im game when i finished to the hole with my left and then on the next play stepped back and shot a three. so a hybrid of the two.

this was neat.
that was an amazing pass by rudy fernandez (1:03)
i thought that the announcer's call of "gibson, you're not in the pac-10 anymore!"(4:28) was totally uncalled for.
i played seriously between the ages of 11-13.  i was also better then than i am now.  if only i could get that time machine invented, i could go back and get my ass kicked to the younger me who was a whole foot shorter.  i could never make the team in school and i ended up discovering cross country in 8th grade and that replaced my plans for basketball.
with how hoops are constructed now (bolted through the backboard on the support beam and not to the glass), this rule might as well be thrown out.  i can't imagine how you'd break it now, unless you're like shaq and bring it down to the floor hard enough.
nash and hill will be in phoenix until they retire.  i don't even think cleveland would be willing to trade for nash or hill, assuming phoenix has players they want.

i had to mention grant hill since i saw others add him in the conversation.
&gt; shaq is a large hippo man powered by **sprite**

that's how i read your first sentence.  i think grant hill has that ability rather than shaq.
what do you mean "he wanted nothing to do with other players on the court"?  he is still best friends with charles barkley and charles oakley.
of course cleveland wouldn't want him. they're in a rebuilding process, however, i think a championship contender that needs a really good veteran and point guard, could definitely use him. here's his numbers:

assists per game: 11.1 (2nd in the league)

assists total: 522 (first in the league)

free throw %: 91% (3rd in the league)

field goal %: 57% (10th in the league)

3pt %: 42% (10th in the league)

true shooting percentage: 60% (1st in the league)

eff: +22.7

points per game: 16.7

i mean come on, you can't tell me those aren't insanely good numbers. with the right cast around him, he can really help a championship contender go all the way. yes he's old, but he's been still getting at it, once again in the 50-40-90 club.
i looked at the code, and it does appear to be a hard-coded "no" that can only change if he edits the source code.
this is not in any way going to happen but i wouldn't mind him coming to the warriors to show steph curry the ropes, i think he would be a really amazing influence on steph's development.
i'm just gonna leave this right [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djocjcqxcew).
chicago bulls please. 
i still play. 

height: 6 ft.
weight: 170 lbs.

i've worked a lot on my shot lately, but i think i've become too accustomed to shooting off balance. got a pretty mean fadeaway jumper as a result, but i'm sure it screws everything else up. i'm still pretty fast but my legs aren't conditioned in the least. 

i need to work on my outside shooting for sure, and i think everybody can always work on their ball-handling, but i can usually get by with a quick first step. plus i'm a lefty so i can get away with stuff when people aren't expecting it sometimes.

i'd say manu would be a good player for me to emulate. we're both pretty crafty at getting to the bucket, and getting penetration on the defense and finding the open man is my specialty.
almost as good as gilbert's letter.  shit is inspiring.
brandon jennings greatly improved after coming to the nba, i'm pretty sure ricky rubio will be in the same camp; though, i found his alleged comments about not wanting to sign with the timberwolves extremely distasteful.
i love those commercials.
http://gotemcoach.com/post/3201352835/i-appreciate-them-being-faithful-to-me-and-telling#disqus_thread
ive lived in orlando my whole life. after shaq and penny left and we had a few years of sucking (the "heart and hustle" era), and although it was frustrating and everyone vowed to hate shaq forever, it was kinda fun. you felt more connected to the team and you felt like your going to be there when they are good again. 

so, i mean theres some very obvious reasons why this is happening to them, you lose the best player in the league along with some other guys, then injuries happen, and you lose some games in a row, its not the end of the world. i dont feel bad for them. i bet the fans will get to know this group of underdog players very well over the rest of the season and if and when they do get good again, those loyal fans will get to say they were there during the "losing streak era".
i seem to need to bring this up a lot on the nba subreddit:  did you all forget that jordan was one of the biggest trash talkers ever?  why all the hate for kg? everyone talks trash.  it's just become popular to pig-pile on kg.   

i'd rather focus on the constant bitching to referees.   this is an epidemic more so than peoples' feelings being hurt.  back in the day, you never heard people whining about 'going too far' with trash talking.  
sounds a lot like the way i play. you ever work on your guard skills or do you enjoy playing as an undersized centre? on one of my teams i actually wear number 44 (i usually wear 22) so i like to say to say that i'm getting my chuck hayes on...
i learned my post-moves from boozer, on that [nba tnt fundamentals with carlos boozer on post moves](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcsol9icm90) video. actually, looking at that video, it's so old...still in utah and the quality is baaad. anyway, i stopped playing ball for like 4 years, and when i got back into shape and started playing again i had *zero* fundamentals...i could just run and jump. i'm much improved now, been playing for 4 years now.
&gt; almost as good as gilbert's letter

lolwut?
i like this account.
what if they don't win the rest of the season?
i played middle school/aau/1 year of hs.  i was 6'2" in like 7th grade, so i played down low, but never really grew after that (i'm very happy staying at this height).  eventually the pg's caught up to my height and i never worked on ballhandling skills enough to change positions.  really stopped alltogether, really no desire to play these days.
basketball is far and away my favorite sport to watch, but it is the only sport that i am truly terrible at.

i'm a pretty big, athletic guy, and i played a lot of football, soccer, and baseball growing up, but i have absolutely no handles and a shot that looks like joakim noah's.
* 6'6" 245lbs
* i'm 26, no plans for basketball now
* best skills: defense, jump shot
* needs work: dribbling
* model: paul pierce

i played from the moment i could walk all through high school.  if i tried harder maybe i coulda been somebody.  maybe i coulda been a contenda.  but i didn't.
i have espn insider and i absolutely love it.  if you're like me and are obsessed with all trade rumors and everything else they have to offer, it's definitely worth it.
6'6 215 lbs

i play on a pretty shitty team at the moment, it's in the 2nd league of my country.

well i'm pretty athletic and my handle is decent. i score a lot of points by getting a defensive rebound, blowing by most of the defenders and going 1 on 1 on the last defender. since i have a pretty good vertical i usually finish.

i definetly need to work on my jumpshot, game-awareness and decision making. i'm trying to move from the 4 (pf) position to the 3 (sf). i also want to add a lot more muscle to my frame, my goal is 230-240 lbs at 10 % bf(my current)

i'm a big fan of lamarcus aldridge as for his post game.
looks like i'm the tallest one so far:)
what about dragic, aka steve nash jr.?
&gt;bosh being the spirit in the trinity

a very weak spirit, i must say.

definitely agree. too much stock is put into height/weight/leaping ability and not enough into character and smarts. the nfl used to be the same way but i think they are starting to figure this out.

guys like gerald green, shawne williams, joe alexander, yi jianlian etc go high in the first round just because they are tall and can dunk. but absolutely don't have the mindset to play in the nba.

i'm sure i've posted on here about bj mullens here before. you could go on any draft site last year and read about how tall, quick, and athletic he was. i saw him play in person and he was just pathetic. didn't jump, didn't play defense, didn't play within the team and always called for the ball. barely tried to set picks. yet somehow he's still a lottery pick? 

another guy is rodney williams currently at minnesota. i think he's a projected first rounder this year or next. he averages 6 pts a game for a minnesota team where he should be the star. having seen him in person too, he doesn't have any motivation to do anything on the court. if he actually gets the ball he will take two dribbles and then just passes it. that doesn't cut it in the nba.

**tl;dr:**  it's a waste to have that kind of ability and not use it
ah. the post-jordan years. the pre-rose years. *the ron mercer years*

the dark times
we can leave it up until they get the #4 pick in the lottery
yes they were.  i went to granada elementary and played against them at petit park.
you know what's going to crown their debacle of a season?  if they don't get the number 1 pick in the draft lottery.  that's how bad of a year they're having.
it simply won't happen for all the reasons people have already said. nash won't request a trade, sarver won't trade him out of some need to trick his fans into thinking they are still a competitive team when everyone knows that's a lie. the only way nash would get dealt is if he asked for a trade, and he's stated on numerous occasions that he won't do that because of his canadian loyalty or something.
it pains me to say this, but we weren't that good with him but we are absolutely horrible without him... 

plus i'm starting to not like triano.
he's good, but he's no steve nash.
well, looks like we got ourselves a (ex)digger!
can't since my accident that wrecked me. 

...before i guess i didn't model my game after anyone because all i can do is hit the open shot and play dirty d. 

i guess bowen but i hate bowen so i'm not sure.
of course he's no steve nash, but overall the suns *could* be better with dragic starting and nash being traded for a player of another position.
i don't think it will happen though.
i'm already sad for them, but if they don't get the #1 pick in the draft i will get seriously depressed.
i mean, other teams should lend some not currently used players just to see if they can improve their game.
all star numbers in my opinion. 
what this reminds me of is lassie or whatever movie it is where the kid is trying to give the animal a better life in the wild but it keeps coming back to his feet and he starts yelling for it to "just go".
that and hack-a-shaq...all crap to keep the big aristotle down. 
* 6" 145lbs (ok, i'm skinny)
* planning on joining my college's team this year, though there isn't an organized league around here.
* defense, rebounding and mid-range jumpers
* penetration in the paint, 3 pointers and dribbling skills
* without trying to be pretentious, i'd like to be a blend of kobe, rose ans wade :-)

&gt;vlade divac (need to improve the [flopper](http://www.google.com.br/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0cbcqtwiwaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3ddgphit61ffu&amp;ei=ehjuteyaj4kjtge-ujiecq&amp;usg=afqjcnepy8qcdbshlqq5ft0bfrdcg8eymg))

ftfy
i'm 6'0" and 185.

i play for the city's recreational teams, played in high school on varsity for two years and i play pickup 3 to 5 times a week.

i'm left handed. i play as hard as possible in every game i play in. i always sprint up and down the court. easily more heart than everyone i come across. i box out. i'm smarter than mostly everyone else when it comes to playing games. setting and reading screens, creating space and running the flow of the offense as well as playing help defense correctly. i have a baseline fade away, pull up jumper and i can pass like a mother fucker. i do enjoy playing with my back to the basket on the baseline, i can make magic happen from there either with the turnaround fade, up and under or faking the shot and reverse pivoting for an easy deuce. i don't really have crazy handles, but i can get creative on the fly with putting it through the legs and around my back to avoid opponents. the only crossover i have is going in and out with the left and then crossing to my right. no one expects me to cross to my right and go right because i'm a lefty, but i've gotten people to fall from it. it creates a ton of space.

could work on using my right hand more often and would like to develop a better consistency with my shooting. would like to jump a bit higher too. if i could palm the ball i'd be able to dunk right now, but getting up another 4 or 5 inches certainly would allow that to happen without having to palm the ball.

i haven't really modeled the game after anyone, kobe and jordan of course had some influence. i do love lamar odom's game. being able to come in and make a difference with hustle, taking people off the dribble with that big left hand scoop, rebounding for days and taking off for the fast break. hell, just yesterday i was called the "white kobe" at the gym i usually go play at and have been told playing pickup out of town that my friend shouldn't have brought me because i was too good to be playing with them. i'm not great, but if i really wanted to i feel like i could get some on the city college team. being 6'0", playing at a higher level i'd need to be a point guard and everyone's way to fast for me to try and guard on ball effectively. 

i've played against / met / seen playing in tournaments quite a few big names. played against javal mcgee, demar derozan and his cousin, lil romeo, aka romeo miller and malcom thomas who's down at sdsu. i went to jordan flight school at ucsb in 2005, so i probably played against a bunch more guys that i had no clue about at the time. i saw deon thompson from unc while he was in high school, played against jaime serna, who's at ucsb, was a pretty crazy game. met michael jordan, kobe this last summer.
i am really excited for that wiz-cavs game coming up. history will be on the line. frighteningly bad history. 

will the laziness and confusion of blatche and mcgee be enough to be overcome by the general ineptitude of the cavs? or will the weird cosmic law stating that a team starting christian eyenga is prohibited from winning be overturned at last? 

only time (and a really bad basketball game) will tell!!!!!!1!!1!!1!!
&gt;"on occasion it goes in, nearly always it doesn’t,” rubio told the associated press. 

ftfy
of course they're still all-star numbers, but with how old and expensive nash is, the big fear would be what if they sign him and he gets hurts and has to retire? 
if i was gar foreman i would happily offer up scalabrini...
this is a problem that stretches back to the mid 80's, with the jordan draft of '84 likely being the genesis. teams saw how quickly one uber-talented player could turn their team around (see: jordan and olajuwon, then ewing the next year) and began really searching high and low for the next big thing. shawn kemp was drafted in the first round in '89 without ever playing a college game, then came garnett and the wave of high schoolers after him. every team wanted to find "next", and that meant taking a lot of unproven talent.

tldr: teams have been looking for the "next (insert whoever)" since the 1984 draft
although the games are sad to watch, i keep doing it anyway. i guess i'm just immune from watching years of failure from the browns and indians.
charles oakley was a teammate of his for a while and charles barkley is charles barkley, you can't love that guy. besides charles is the exception, you didn't see him kicking back with ewing, reggie, karl malone and gary payton.
i'm pretty sure most of the 'melo shit they've been posting is like 75% speculation. (that's a conservative estimate.)


like how the eddy curry, anthony randolph to mn for corey brewer and a 1st rounder came up. you ask anyone in mn about it and they'll all say there is no way that trade goes down like that. mn doesn't need to give up a 1st and corey brewer for those two players. that doesn't make any sense. even when they checked their sources, they said it wouldn't go down like that. yet the rumor remained on espn.com for days.
that would be a travesty.
pick me!
it's all silly talk as of right now. hell, melo is now saying if he's not traded he'll think about signing the extension. 

the stuff they've been saying with the lakers is just silly too. the reporters i trust that cover the lakers are certainly not giving it much legs. and i know that the lakers jim buss, who was the one big in drafting bynum doesn't want to get rid of his project. 

i think chris broussard started that rumor and i personally think the guys an idiot.

what i don't understand though is everyone claiming it's for leverage against the knicks. if that's the case then the rumors are true in the sense that denver did go to la to talk, just to create some noise.

most people are saying it's a ploy from the agent and that he started the rumor, which doesn't make sense considering melo would be making more money staying in denver.
charles oakley was basically the personal security guard of jordan during their time together on the bulls before horace grant joined.  they're closer friends than you think.  [see?](http://drunkathlete.com/2008/09/08/michael-jordan-single-and-loving-it/)
you want to, uh, run the pick and roll with me sometime?
saw this on sportscenter the other day and vowed to never watch espn again.
5/11 185lbs

plan to play some rec league ball 

definite shooter

need to get back into basketball shape, ball handling

paul pierce - shot fakes, turn around jumpers, always trying to draw contact
back when all we had to talk about was tyson chandler, eddie curry, and jannero pargo...blegh.
what about someone like garnett who has pretty good ball handling skills and the size to go along with it? don't forget he played some pg his rookie year. i think you'd see the hybrid guys, the ones that have good size and ball handling skills excelling. guys like amare, kg, and dirk
....keyon dooling.
he's not on the "final" roster near the bottom of the article.
but he's canadian!
good luck with that... i'm sure you can do it. because it's not about your talent, it's not about your skill, it's about the will. the will right here *points to heart*... this is what you need to never watch espn again.
whatever, at least people are noticing how bad they are. the raptors are just as shitty and we don't have a website. 

mediocre. forever.
i know you're being sarcastic but some of his substitution patterns are just mind boggling. 

on top of which how can you not draw any plays for demar when hes shooting 80% in a the half? 

its a given that demar can't create for himself off the dribble unless hes got a lane so give him the lane!
that's another great clip. going to practice it a few thousand times. ray allen... ankles.... ouch. 
nope. never used digg in my life. but i guess "roflcopter" is grounds for immediate downvote to oblivion. meh. i thought it was funny, so i replied as such. meh.
i'm not sarcastic, he is actually canadian.

i think he's just trying to feel out the roster and showcase every player right now. we aren't making any huge trades and we'll probably get the 5th (or higher) overall pick so we need to develop demar and ed. i'm not talking about developing their skills, i'm talking about chemistry and sometimes you have to pull the hot hand to make that happen.

i hope we keep jay because he seems like he wants to be here (rare) and the players like him. plus hopefully they can grow together. 
lol. 

i know hes canadian but your tone made it seem like "we must keep him because hes canadian". 

i was on the triano band wagon for a while now and fully understood when nash pulled out of the national program because of triano. kevin love likes him a lot as well which all points to him being a good players coach. however there are a few things that are being exposed when he doesn't have that star player to throw the ball to (re: bosh) and just let him do the work. 

its obvious that amir, ed, demar are our future and to a lesser extent bayless but as of right now demar is the only one seemingly ready to take some of the reigns from bargs and begin to carry the team. which goes to your point of building chemistry as demar being the offensive side of things and ed handling the defensive. 

amir just plays and at 23 he will still grow so i have no worries about him. 
well remember, i believe the last place team has a 25% chance of scoring the 1st pick which means a 75% chance that they won't.
demar is going to make sweet sweet love to her. 

blake then will come in for sloppy seconds and **destroy her**.
:(

and from today on the jazz will suck. 
&gt;we're not gonna get any more fans.

see?  something herm said that we can all agree with.
what's crazy to me is that even in the highlights of cle vs. det the stadium seemed to be pretty damn near full. although, there's not much else to do in cleveland.
i thought he just had a contract extension a couple of days ago?
i know, but it's still funny that his name showed up at all.
he did, but rumor has it he had some sort of conflict with kevin o'connor. 
&gt;a major part of the discussion, however, was the possibility of a trade in the works.

don't think the lakers need carmelo for bynum, but um, if they're desperate, looking to rebuild, etc...

artest and bynum for milsap and deron?

:)

edit - are people actually thinking i was being serious?
doesn't look like he sold a single one of his jerseys. or anything for that matter.
yup, apparently... [nba.com](http://www.nba.com/2011/news/02/10/sloan-breaking/?ls=iref:nbahpt2) says so
it's the end of an era. =/
[relevant](http://www.nba.com/2011/news/02/10/sloan-breaking/)
this is such a shitty day for jazz fans. i'm shocked and upset. even though the loss last night to the bulls was one of the most maddening i've watched, i wouldn't have been so angry if i knew it was going to result in sloan's resignation. 
it was a weird game, but i thought they played pretty well most of the game.  much better than some of their recent performances.  i wonder why this game was the one that put him over the edge?
this stinks. but i don't know that this one game "resulted" in his resignation. in all likelihood, he had probably been mulling it over for a while, but i only say that because that's usually how these things happen, especially when you've coached for as long as sloan has. any decision, i would hope, would not be made hastily or in anger.
just the thought of that ridiculous trade made me throw up in my mouth a little.

edit: i hope nobody thought you were serious.
not with the way millsap handles boozer last night. shut him down.
i think it was less jerry than it was o'connor (gm) being a dick. they talked for like an hour after the game.
too bad he was hurt early, because carlos boozer is having an all star year.
you beat me to this. it's the worst game i've ever been excited about watching.

unless the cavs beat the clippers, it's gonna be two huge negative streaks facing each other and one has to end.
utah jazz 2
jerry and o'connor were in his office for an hour after the bulls game. i wonder if this resignation is really a firing in disguise. why would he sign a contract extension three days ago if he was going to resign???
i dunno man, it's just the raptors
ಠ_ಠ
that was great. i like seeing players having fun and not taking themselves too seriously like this.
to be fair, it didn't exactly look like it was heaving with customers.
* 6'1'' / 160 
* played njb every year and decided not to play hs. worst mistake of my life.
* shooting off the dribble and coming off screens. 
* ball handling. as soon as a pressure defender really gets on me i end up losing it. 
* michael jordan without the explosiveness. i'd say my game mostly resembles luol deng. 
are you sure you want this kind of recognition?
looks like chicago is your 2011 coach killing team of the year. both jim o'brien and jerry sloan got fired/retired after losses to this squad.
i've been watching utah for 15 years.

;_;


i am shocked and sad.

long time assistant phil johnson is also leaving. i wonder what happened behind the scenes...
i can't imagine them forcing him out, though.  he just signed an extension...why would they force him to resign a week later?  or do you mean jerry was sick of dealing with koc?
i know no matter what i do, it'll never affect sterling's power as a clipper owner. i might as well watch the games and enjoy the ride.

and i do buy clipper tickets because they are cheaper and available. laker games are expensive and often sell out.
but by the same logic, why would they offer him an extension and then push him out three days later?  it doesn't make sense.  and i can't imagine anyone forcing sloan to do anything.
yes, we'll take any recognition
nah, my flop's my secret strength.
at the same time though, they gave up an epic ass ton of offensive boards last night, which is really what kept the bulls in there.
i mentioned the same thing just a few minutes ago in /r/sports.  since sloan is 69 years old, i'm curious to if he'll be done with the nba forever or if he'll become a coach elsewhere?  i hope the bulls find him a job.
funny cause i'm wearing my fields jersey as i write this.
true, sloan does what we wants.
i think jerry and koc have had disagreements on the team, players, and potential trades before the deadline. also, i think dwil has been frustrated and koc is afraid of losing his star.
in the 2nd half ya, it was bad.
fine, keep milsap, we'll take the contract of al jefferson off your hands, throw in luke walton so you can increase your amount of white players.

win-win, no?

edit - are people actually thinking i was being serious?
i bet d-will had more to do with this decision than o'connor
i'm not a jazz fan, but this makes me sad beyond belief.

sloan, jackson, and popovich are the only coaches in the nba who are truly untouchable, and we've just lost an icon in the sport if he chooses to go.  i'm not sure how utah will recover after larry miller's death last year and now this.  deron williams doesn't seem happy and he probably will leave at the end of the year as well.  i truly feel for jazz fans right now.
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
i was listening to stephen a. smith's 2nd debut on espn radio last friday night and some caller tried to convince him that trading bynum for d-will would be a great trade.  i laughed.

good luck trading crazy pills and/or bynum the young shaq.  with artest's age, you'll have to find a gullible front office to dump him (hint hint pistons).
i'm really sorry for jazz fans, sloan is a great coach. unfortunately, this seems to either indicate that deron williams will be leaving or at the very least might push him towards leaving. you never hear about d will being a free agent but i seriously think in a couple years he will be on the top of the pg pile as chris paul's knees slowly give out. if he leaves, where do you think a likely destination for him might be?

edit: and apparently there is some speculation that deron was pushing for him to be sacked? i've never heard of strife between them but i'm not a jazz follower, any thoughts on that?
nice, now there's nothing stopping him from fulfilling his life-long dream of coaching the toronto raptors
we'll take him right this second
i've heard dallas discussed regularly. 
i know. i love sloan. with that said though. he has never won us a championship and he's going on his 23rd season as our coach. we really need some new blood, and it starts with a coaching change.
i love landry fields.  i really hope the knicks don't trade him for melo, because he's the first knicks rookie i've actually been excited about in a long time.
i'd love to move artest to the pistons for someone that can make a layup on a fastbreak.
they'd be so much better off keeping sloan over even deron. don't get me wrong, deron's a great player, but sloan is an entirely different level of all time greatness. there are dozens of deron caliber players for every one legend like sloan.

i have a feeling, that if the utah fans get the impression that it came down to sloan or deron, that they'll turn on deron.
that sounds like a job for t-mac!!! come on, you know you want him!
the problem is he signed an extension three days ago. he wouldn't have been mulling over the decision for a long period and then sign an extension.
espn is reporting that deron called his own play over sloan's during the bulls game which led to a dispute during halftime
the packers got two coaches removed and won the super bowl...now the bulls have got two coaches removed this season...
we would take him in the bay area any day of the week over keith smart. nice guy, terrible coach.
and we're probably going to lose phil jackson at the end of this season, and popovich probably won't be around too long, as he always says he's going to go out with duncan.

i think tom thibodeau in chicago will be one of these forever coaches though.  there's no jerry krause to push a great coach away in chicago this time.
watched lamarcus play for my first time the other night against the bulls.  he has some really good moves down low.  i don't think i have seen that many oops in a not blow out game ever.
sloan as an assistant to thibodeau would be amazing.  especially since phil johnson would probably come along too.  talk about a star studded coaching staff.
&gt; nice guy, terrible coach.

that also applies to others like jay triano, mike dunleavy sr, bill cartwright, john kuester, etc.
i saw a sports science on this, they had amare trying to break the backboard, then they dropped a piano attached to the rim.  it didn't shatter.  it's physically impossible to shatter the way it used to.
wow, there must be some serious managerial meddling. i would have expected sloan to bench deron the rest of the game to make a point. i like the solidarity of phil resigning too, and would be even better if the rest of the coaching staff refused the job.
i watched that too a few months ago.  did they mention he used about 1,000 pounds of force to try to break it?  that's strong!
honestly, if they really had to trade deron, the only laker that is a reasonable match (meaning, i wouldn't be completely pissed off about the trade) is gasol.  of course, then we would have earl watson as our starting point guard, so the whole idea is crazy.

muddy fields!
he is extremely underrated. considering him playing on a injury-decimated team like the trailblazers and still putting up great numbers, he should have been a sure lock for the allstar game. a shame they did not vote him in.
i remember thinking dunleavy was a bit of a dick, when he coached here.
my guess is he'll stay away from basketball and go work on his ranch for the rest of the year.  then, he'll either die from boredom and lack of competition or just disappear from the media, like john stockton.

i can't see him being an assistant, and i can't see him doing anything else nba-related, like tv.
during his time with the clippers, i could understand.  their owner is a douchebag.
deron williams is a cunt.
landry apparently is actually funny.  woodhead was just good because he looked like someone who would work at a big box store.
man, i wanted to get his jersey but couldn't do it out of fear he's gonna be used as a trade chip and went with amare but i may still be tempted to get a fields shirt...
deron and milsap for pau, artest and eh, shannon brown?
i'm sad for the jazz and their fans, because jerry sloan and utah basketball were synonymous with each other. i don't see the jazz ever being a dominant team again without sloan. 

this is a new era, and a small market like utah demands no respect from free agents. it's not like it ever did before, but now without their legendary coach, they really have no claim to solidarity, which i think was just about the only thing keeping them afloat in terms of bringing in talent.

i think it's safe to say the utah jazz are going to be entering into the lower class of the league, now, with the minnesota's, the milwaukee's, the toronto's, etc.

on another note, i believe the blazers will be in the market for a new coach at season's end. :) 
i went with fields over gallo for this exact reason.  i doubt fields will be used as a trade chip--he doesn't have the upside of chandler, gallo, or randolph.
last time i bought a jersey with a name on it was anthony mason, and he was gone the next year.  i was young and impressionable and was totally burned...took me years to get over it and get another jersey with a name on it so i went with someone i know will be around for a while
what exactly makes jerry sloan a legend?  coaching the same team for 21 years?  he never won a championship.  has jerry sloan *ever* been considered to be the best coach in the league, at any point in his career?  furthermore, i remember hearing some pretty unsavory things about his personality over the years.  allegations of homophobia and general dickheadedness, i believe.

source: [take it for what it is.. might be nothing](http://nba.fanhouse.com/2007/03/03/amaechi-calls-jerry-sloan-a-cruel-man/11)
actually, i would pay big money to see this.
hey, what makes you miss sloan?  he coached for what, 22 years.  22 chances to earn a ring.  22 other teams pulled it off.  isn't sloan a noted racist (source?).  what made him so damn special, to be good enough to not get fired but not good enough to win a ring.  what took so long?
the green bay packers of the nba!
that's ironic coming from a raps fan, seeing as you would directly benefit from that
how do you know someone's a laker fan? they'll make any nba story into one about the lakers.

seriously, stfu.
pj is definitely coaching his last season, everything is pointing that way. 

man, i've loved hating on the jazz all these years and a lot of it had to do with how well sloan ran his team. had to reluctantly respect him for his coaching abilities and how his team came ready to play all the time. gonna miss sloan.
drafting is inherently risky. if teams truly knew who would pan out, picks 1 is a super star, 2-3 would be quality starters, 4-10 rotation guys, and 11-60 are shit out of luck and praying they score monta ellis or manu ginobili. the reality is that despite so many college basketball teams, the nba draft simply does not infuse enough talent into the league to benefit even the /lottery/ teams if teams truly knew who would pan out.

i'd argue the other way: there are way too many players who are drafted high who played well in college but don't have the physical potential to be any good in the nba. for every tyrus thomas or anthony randolph (tons of athletic upside, question marks for actual ability to play basketball), you've got adam morrison, evan turner, wes johnson, acie law, or jimmer fredette (excellent college player, but very low the ceiling to even crack a rotation).

when you're drafting for the nba, players typically fall into the following categories (ranking from good situation to bad)

1) can't miss top pick, elite skills / physical talent (lebron james, blake griffin, john wall, derrick rose in hindsight)

2) elite talents, high injury risk (brandon roy, chris paul). can't always get what you want, but they can be transformative if they pan out physically.

3) high talent, character issues (demarcus cousins, zach randolph). these guys should still go in the top 5, the risk has to be worth it.

4) elite athleticism, drafting for upside (tyreke evans might pan out, but more prototypically a tyrus thomas, anthony randolph). most high school picks fell into this category. many will settle in as rotation players, a couple will be superstars, many will be long-term projects. they at least still have a high ceiling

5) specialists. these guys have 1 nba skill (3 point shooters, energy bench guys, defensive stoppers). these guys have a ceiling of average starter or decent rotation player. typically mid to late first rounders.

6) older elite college player (evan turner, jj redick, acie law, adam morrison, ty lawson). your biggest busts happen in this category. some players survive and can crack and nba rotation if they happen to have an elite skill, but guys who are typically just good basketball players without an elite skill will not make it.

7) everybody else who has upside to be 4 or 5 on this list.

i personally believe your statement is arguing for guys in the 5th category. you absolutely /have to/ consider drafting the guy for the player he is going to be, not the player he is walking into practice the first day. keep in mind, most drafts don't have a lot of 1s and 2s, so your top picks go to guys you /wish/ were 1s and 2s, which end up being risky guys in the 3rd and 4th category.
is it wrong to be so excited for this?
it's only fitting that his last game was a loss against the bulls.
i consider this a dark day in utah jazz basketball
i'd like to use him as a consultant for a couple of weeks to teach the bulls some more flex offense sets.
i think if we offer gregg popovich a 5% raise he would jump ship immediately to be an assistant head coach
did not know that, thanks. so something drastic happened between three days ago and now.
sorry, no interest in artest at all.  ok, i put together a crazy trade machine trade that gets you deron, millsap and carmelo and leaves the jazz with a reasonable chance of being good.  i assume that every team in this trade would find a reason to not like it, but it was fun anyway.

http://games.espn.go.com/nba/trademachine?tradeid=4ftjuh6
height/weight - 6'2", 185 lbs.


any plans to play on an organized team? - not really. not anymore, at least. i'd like to, that's for sure. but, i'm too busy these days to get into any kind of organized league.


your best skills - defense. growing up i was almost always taller than most the other kids my age, so i was naturally placed at the 5. but, i loved to run the court, and set my teammates up for baskets, so i was kind of a center/point guard hybrid, which had me guarding every position. that led to me becoming a pretty damn good defender. i also used to watch lots of tape on scottie pippen, and tried to emulate his defensive style, and stance.


what needs work - my offense, for sure. i have good court vision, and can make pinpoint passes, but it's my finishing at the basket that has always needed work. it's no trouble for me to drive to the rim, and get an easy layup in traffic. however, i either go too soft, or too hard, resulting in the ball rolling around the rim for a couple seconds, and then rolling out for a miss. it's really frustrating, which is why i usually drive with the sole intention of kicking the ball back out to a 3-point shooter.


nba player (past or present) that you want to model your game on? - that's easy. at first i wanted to be clyde drexler, but as my game developed, and my strengths and weaknesses started to show, i tried to model my game after scottie pippen, dennis rodman, and magic johnson.

on another note: i was salim stoudamire's backup for a brief spell before he transferred to lake oswego, and i played a couple games against him, and also against mike dunleavy jr.

sad day
phil will do anything to stir up the flames.
they did videos like this too? link?
from a blazers fan.
&gt;a gullible front office to dump him (hint hint twolves)

ftfy
loved the amare impression
i love this idea; i've put together a little graphic featuring a quote from [herman edwards](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djocjcqxcew) in the video [commentsense linked to](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/finm6/can_we_have_a_cavs_theme_until_they_win/c1g7lb4) and put it up. not sure if we'll leave it under the scenario where they don't win all season.

then again, i think it's worth leaving up in that case.
d-will has been sniping at jerry to the media all year.  he's called out sloan for his willingness to look at game film for extended periods, his play calling (which was apparently a big issue last night), and his rotation of players substitution patterns. 

it seems clear that deron wanted sloan out...
do you think that sloan would ever come to portland? that's a pretty bitter rivalry.
who know ricky whobio?
upcoming games:

* clippers

* wizards

* lakers

* rockets

* knicks

* sixers
i feel sick.
he was a good coach. no he didn't win the big one but he got us close. the fact of the matter is the jazz made the playoffs every year but one in those 22 years. i'm not sure there is another nba team who can say that. hell, the year right after stockton retired and malone left for the lakers, they still managed to make the playoffs. that says something.

basically sloan is like the old truck that some people have. yes, it is old and it has a sticky clutch but at the end of the day it is still going to get you and your stuff where it needs to go. did it win the dayton 500? no, but it still manages to run well after all these years.

as far as the racist thing goes, you might be thinking of the homophobic slurs john amaechi wrote sloan said when amaechi came out. i don't think that if sloan said those things it was right. however, i still think he was a good coach.
eh, it's hard to evaluate talent through one-on-one, especially if the players are not the same size. i mean realistically, say you put dwayne wade up against someone who is not nearly as good, but taller and bigger. more often than not, the guy who has the size is going to win the matchup, because of physical domination, whereas in a five-on-five you have teammates who that bigger guy has to also keep an eye on.
utah's right next to colorado... oh damn, i just made this about kobe and the lakers. :-p
perhaps, he's really early in his head coaching career (not that he's not doing a fantastic job).  we'll see how that one works out, i'm really liking chicago's outlook.

i'll be sad to see phil go at the end of the year :(

perhaps we can convince sloan to take over? jk.
-----------------------&gt;

r/nba mods are best mods.
just curious but was this happening when larry brown was coach? i can picture him not wanting jordan out there
what about the washington generals?
i feel your pain. i bought a corey maggette jersey when the clippers made the playoffs, then he left a few seasons later. then i bought a baron davis jersey, then he changed his number. i bought a blake griffin jersey and i'm hoping i don't end up with 3 useless jerseys.
move to portland. you will meet every single douchebag hipster anyone has ever complained about. evar! i mean, hell, the style came out of portland, for goodness' sake. it's a regualr den of douchebaggery where everyone thinks they are the second coming of bukowski, or the violent femmes. smh.
that is true. i'm hoping it will stir up the c's and ray will drop some 3's tonight!
i dunno, man, she looks pretty intense to me. just sayin'.
how do you know someone's a spurs fan? they'll make any nba story into one about the lakers. they're sly and under-the-radar like that.
was jerry your grandfather or something? god damn.
word is the jazz brass was begging him to reconsider this morning. 
the homophobia was about the former owner of the jazz, not about sloan.
&gt;what exactly makes jerry sloan a legend? 

i can't figure it out either. why is he in the basketball hall of fame? they must not know he doesn't have a championship, since that's the only metric that matters. 
sad.  always liked sloan.  supposedly management chose dwill over sloan, since their relationship has been declining.

maybe sloan will come home and take an office job with the bulls?
nba mods are best mods.
yeah, la hipsters are much more mild, i suppose.  most of them are basically normal white people except they're into the whole culture of pbr dive bars, fixies, and shopping at american apparel; they'd still be the same person, if you took all of those away.

it came out of portland?  i figured it was more of a ny thing (i.e., williamsburg).
you can lose on us cavs, we're used to it =/
i love the kg hate, and i'm sure no one loves it as much as the man himself. he gets such a bad rap for simply being one of the most fiery competitors the pro game has ever known, but he eats up the negativity and uses it as fuel for his fire. he turns that hate into love, but all anyone else sees is a man kicking the behind of their team, and chewing them out in the process. trash talk is a part of the game, and if you can't stand kg's heat, then i suggest you stay the fug outta his kitchen.
i wonder if there are any videos of this out there, i would love to see how well he can still play. 
damn, thats a pretty crazy trade you've come up with there. crazy how it all ended up working out too, salary wise. i'd certainly go for it as a lakers fan.
i think it was a former player, i want to say his last name was aemeche, he came out publicly as being gay after he retired, and mentioned that sloan displayed some homophobic behavior. i'll try to look it up.

edit: found something: [excerpts from a john amaechi interview, march 2007](http://nba.fanhouse.com/2007/03/03/amaechi-calls-jerry-sloan-a-cruel-man/11)
a little contraction would go a long way in solving this conundrum.
i would call them professional entertainers, not professional athletes. but touche.
he sure does love those balls.
there's a reason he was the coach for 21 years there, skip.  he lost to the jordan juggernaut in the finals twice, and then after that was the kobe/shaq dynasty in the west.  is/was sloan a great coach?  yes.
so.. why is he in the basketball hall of fame?  are they just honoring his longevity?  is don nelson in there too?
this is probably what dwill wanted, actually.
for real.. nba is a brotherhood, and no one wants/likes to see talented men fall victim to the negativity that comes with losing. like 2pac said: "keep ya head up'
i'm pretty sure i've seen some pictures where he's dressed up in cha practice gear. not sure if he ran full court 5's with them though.

here he is with the caption stating he ran practice drills.

http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=3160395
i'm a bit biased toward blake griffin's cockiness cos i'm an andre miller fan, and i know that not only is griffin cocky, but he's also a cheap shot artist. and, once he knows he can get away with shoving a guy around, then expect to see said guy get pushed in the back at least several times that game.
he doesn't post big numbers enough to where he'll get that credit. most people with a sense of basketball knowledge realize just having the big guy down low prevents a ton of easy baskets.
my bet is on the wizards game, but if they win it over the lakers i promise not to get mad.
what the hell is he talking about? when jordan passed chamberlain in career points, i recall the entire sports world stopping in their tracks to admire the feat-- any many of those included 2-pointers. 
;_; indeed.  
lakers aren't even making the finals, son!
very true. i guess i'm sympathizing too much with the enemy! 
lakers 2
well the playoffs havent started and its way too early to tell we expect the lakers to make the play offs this year.
phil knows how to be an ass (let me make this clear: he's our ass)

i mean, let the guy have his records.

it's like if ray allen diminished phil's achievements as a coach, just because coaches never touch the ball, or any other silly argument.
i hope they lose to the clippers, just so we can see one of the most epic games of all-time with the cavs going against the wizards on a road trip. seriously, that's going to be one amazing game. both teams are no doubt going to play their asses off.
i've got one word for that:   darko.
&gt;pistons aren't even making the playoffs, son!

ftfy

lakers need to step up their game, offense and defense, against nba's top teams.
that said, i'm looking forward to tonight's game.
i like how last game he admired rays shooting and now he's playing the bad guy
and they'll be winning the super bowl.
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo


god nooooooooooooo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eqjjv108w8&amp;feature=related
the fact that his nametag said leeroy jenkins solidified his position as my favorite knick.
the lakers boston game is going to be a great match-up tonight scott matthews is an expert in nba match-ups. 
yes there are already 2 different active threads regarding this topic.
i sincerely &lt;3 you guys, and so does the city of cleveland :)
my description was deleted. it just said that these were some nba graphs made by myself and some other nba fans. enjoy and don't take too seriously.
the lakers will probably get him once phil jackson retires
jerry sloan and phil jackson will both be away from the nba after this season. an era of basketball will truly end.
thanks jerry.
&gt;worthy said wednesday night at a t-mobile store in studio city, where he met with fans in an event promoting nba all-star weekend

heh, i was there last night and got james worthy's autograph.
agreed. any man who hits another man in the balls on purpose (and not in a fight situation) is a bitch! pure and simple.
he looks like aaron rodgers crossed with jim halpert
i agree with what you said but i think jj reddick falls more into the 5 category
don't feel bad. the real losers here are the knicks and nets fans that bought custom made lebron jerseys
&gt;but reggie's going to be here. ray's going to be here. it's like one stepping over the other at that time. so it's pretty cool.
fo' real.
word.
lakers are gonna three-peat so hard that they should just stop practicing. actually, everyone should stop practicing.
rockets 2!
if nate walks, jerry sloan would freaking rock!

he doesn't stay healthy enough to make the kind of impact on games that anthony does
i really feel for the cavs and their fans. i liken what lebum did to them to a deadbeat dad who leaves the family, cos things were getting too hard. wait, wasn't lebum's biological a deadbeat as well? hm, you can put lipstick on a pig, but he's still a pig.
on the bright side, at least portland can bump up a seed.
yah!
nice job! 
as i suspected. i see lamarcus aldridge but not the hype machine blake griffin
damn, i really wish this guy was on the bulls (my favorite team). seems like a great dude to root for.
you're welcome! i have to say, i'm continually impressed by this community. this could *easily* be a place of negativity towards everyone else based on team affiliation, but it's wholly positive.

so, kudos to the ***readers*** for the good times and good discussion.

and yes, go cavs!
he fits that now (since he floundered for years until he developed footwork and increased his athleticism), however he wasn't drafted to be the 3rd guy off the bench. teams like the spurs consistently steal guys who fill specialist roles from late first round picks (think gary neal, dejuan blair, george hill, matt bonner, etc). i'd consider redick a bit of a bust /because/ of getting high draft stock as an elite college player, not as a future nba contributor.
he fits that now (since he floundered for years until he developed footwork and increased his athleticism), however he wasn't drafted to be the 3rd guy off the bench. teams like the spurs consistently steal guys who fill specialist roles from late first round picks (think gary neal, dejuan blair, george hill, etc). i'd consider redick a bit of a bust /because/ of getting high draft stock as an elite college player, not as a future nba contributor.
the mavs better clean house
it kind of looked funny....
http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=6110119&amp;categoryid=2378529

being reported now that sloan wanted to penalize/suspend deron for insubordination but was shot down
lakers are coming back for revenge!
&gt;"he's always been intense," bryant said. "he's not an [expletive] by any stretch of the imagination. he's just a good dude. he plays his heart out."

there you have it, folks. kg is not an expletive.
ok here's another one for you: joakim
how did that apostrophe sneak in there?
what the hell? seriously? that is mindblowing.
way too early to tell. currently, the celtics have our number...we've been slumping. 

last year, we went into the playoffs on a major skid, as did the celtics (theirs was worse if i remember correctly).

guess who were the last 2 teams standing?  we're both making the playoffs, and we're both going to be a force to be reckoned with there.  it's too early to tell.  it's a long way from now.
does anyone have a way for me to watch this online? the damn feds got all my sites taken down
[7}?
he really does, he was genuinely funny too.
[http://atdhenet.tv](http://atdhenet.tv)
weird seeing the lakers wear yellow at an away game.
excellent poster.  

he was the last old school jazz member. he will be missed terribly.
garnett, already bringing all that filthy noise. i've counted two attempted sack taps.
watching kg vs pau more than the 3s record
http://www.tnt.tv/sports/nba/overtime11/?ls=iref:nbahpt1
kobe's looking to facilitate tonight. gave up a wide open 3 on the first possession.
as a fellow sufferer who has admittedly never had to go through anything like this (though we are still only a few games ahead of you guys), i am rooting hard for the cavs, eyenga and all. go cavs! the wiz are going down.
didn't he try that last time too, until the last quarter or so? it'll certainly be a very different game if the rest of the lakers show up; pau and artest actually look like they're playing with some aggression this time.
ray allen ties the record! cool stuff.
jeeeeeesuuuuuuus shuttlesworth. congrats ray.
the best part about this game so far is reggie trying not to be awkward about this whole thing. he's not being entirely successful.
jazz number two pl0x. (the basketball note one). thanks.
kobe scored 41 points last game and shot the ball 29 times...

pau's still shooting jump shots over kg and not going inside. he's not trying to establish low post positioning. 
they always wear yellow when they play in boston.
ray fuckin allen!  new recoooooooooooooord!
congrats to ray allen.  great shooter and great sportsman.  dude deserves his spotlight.
hmm...rondos scoring tonight...me like
ray allen breaks the record. congrats ray.
ray allen takes the record. cooler stuff.
some suffocating defense by the lakers in the first quarter, they only gave up 27 points!
fuck this.
well that makes them retarded?
laker fan here. i'm so happy for ray allen, he is such a classy guy.
shane battier has 10 more career blocks than bird... don't mean a thing
did anyone saw ray allen's mom's reaction when ray makes a record-breaking three-pointer? 

priceless :)
true, i just thought he didn't turn it on until it was apparent he wasn't getting any help. could be mismemory, these games are like the superbowl so i drank accordingly. 
congrats to ray, it will be some time before anyone beats his record
lakers are really having trouble here. they better get something together offensively or this could get ugly early. 
couldn't have been any more classy about it. hugs reggie and hugs his mom. 


and i know classy.
[relevant](http://1320kfan.com/index.php/audio/listen/jerry_sloan_resignation_deron_williams_feb_10)
i seem to recall a video of him schooling gerald henderson during training camp.

edit: never mind, it was a [game of horse](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjbl3l-h4d0&amp;feature=related) last march.
knicks 1 please
question for boston fans who watch the celtics more frequently than i do:

is nate robinson really bald at the moment? if so, why, god? why?
now we know what jesus would do.
next stop, 3000!
"when people say god blessed me with a beautiful jump shot, it really pisses me off. i tell those people, 'don't undermine the work i've put in every day.' not some days. every day. ask anyone who has been on a team with me who shoots the most. go back to seattle and milwaukee, and ask them. the answer is me -- not because it's a competition but because that's how i prepare."     well said.
probably typed "3's", thought it looked weird, so replaced the "3" with "three" then hit submit.
we are all just as interested as you in having an answer to that question. i probably shouldn't speak for all of us. but i will.
can't wait for the keyon dooling-earl watson matchup.
the only way the lakers are going to hijack another player on gasolish level this decade is if they get chris wallace in the front office of the team they want to rob.
von wafer's playing strong, looks like he's got something to prove tonight
who the hell is vaughn(?) wafer and why is he playing so good?  that block was nasty. 
good typing forensics, man.
yeah but bird was a terrible on the ball defender so that makes perfect sense.
&gt;who the hell is vaughn(?) wafer and why is he playing so good? that block was nasty.

can't tell if trolling
wafer is receiving the "i'm on the court with three 20,000 pt scorers" bump at the moment. lakers hardly even watching the guy.
turnovers cook the goose every time.
well, if mchale comes back to be team president or a gm, i'm sure the celtics would be able to work something out with that team as well.
and you all wonder why kobe doesn't pass the ball.
i hope the lakers decide to play *any* defense in the second half.
no, honest flippant inquiry.  haven't watched c's much recently, never heard of him.  just had to look up to roster to see where the hell he came from,and he is having a big time game for coming off the bench.
i'll be cool with them not. :-d
lakers shooting 2 of 13 outside the key. if we could only make a shot.
congratulations on finding your 2011-2012 coach.
we got a game!
3s and blocks weren't necessarily where bird made an impact, that's my point.  his totals there were fine, just not where he showed up in the stats
i'm not to worried yet about this game. only down 8 i think it is at this point. i like that we have pau and bynum with 12 points each. let them get the feel early, realize that kg is all talk and won't actually bite them. hopefully kobe can get some good looks and we can knock down all those open jumpers we've had.
former laker and rocket (and maybe other teams i can't remember), von wafer, he is a scoring machine!
that's the only conclusion i came to. 
seriously.  i remember when he said that it was after mark jackson said kobe worked for his skills, but ray allen had "god-given talent."  it really offended him.  then a couple weeks ago, mark jackson said the same damn thing.  i can't stand mark jackson.

i'm far from a celtic fan, but i think most people who hate the celtics still like and respect ray allen.  dude's ethic is incredible.
yeah as someone who roots against the lakers i hope they make the melo-bynum deal. it essentially turns them into the heat (not a compliment) by bringing in another perimeter scorer,taking away a tough, reliable big man and then partnering them up with a soft big man. that's before you take into account that miami works well because wade and james (decision withstanding) are nice guys who are fairly unselfish while kobe and anthony's egos could cause them to get into an unholy pissing match over who shoots the ball more. 
well to defend mchale he wasn't that bad a gm trade wise (he got a halfway decent package for kg, especially if you compare it to what wallace got for gasol) and his deals way back when for sprewell and cassell were decent, what really made his bad reputation was the terrible/illegal deal he tried to pull off with joe smith. that and he loves minnesota too much to take a job full time somewhere else. luckily out of all the celtics big guns from the 80's we got the one that's smartest one to run the team. i love larry but he's been a meh to bad gm. on the topic of bad post playing careers in basketball how was magic as coach of the lakers?
and i know ashy... trust me
we're the rail splitters and nobody's fucking with us.
black mamba coming out of his lair #annoying to kobe haters#
and i know smashy. 
nah yo i meant 22 squads. like 22 five person assemblies of nba players.  counting each season as it's own chance.  sloan has had 22 shots, thats all i was saying
awfully quiet in here...
minnesota has how many wins? and memphis has how many?
still here kobe takin over ... don't want to jinx it though.
you have to be the most uneducated posted in r/nba. the stuff you say is just ridiculous time after time.
yes. being a celtic fan i'm sure i'm biased but i do think he's one of the most stand up fells in the nba. 

deserves a custom monacle.
kg makes all his players better defenders right? how's wafer doing? :)
boston looks tired. no one stepping up
as usually, lakers x celtics seem to go on to an amazing 4th quarter.
i hate it when bynum figures out how to play basketball. very frustrating. they're clamping down the d pretty hard in general, coupled with a team-wide stroke or something where the shooting part of their brains have burned out entirely.

*edit* celtics having the stroke
odom just took a fucking tooth to his head.
ouch!
i hate it when he forgets how to play.
minnesota can be answered in one word-kahhhhhhhhhhnnnnn(giving away jefferson for 2 mediocre picks, drafting rubio and then drafting another point guard to make sure he stays in europe for three years and other smaller deals, you need a wolves fan to go into this with you) and memphis is roughly .500 after chris wallace decided to draft hasheem thabeet but swindle other teams for randolph and draft gay&amp;mayo. memphis got kwame brown, javaris crittenton, marc gasol and aaron mckie. the only thing that panned out in that deal was gasol. mchale got al jefferson (worked out until they gave him away for peanuts and decided it'd be a good idea to parter him up with a 6-8 white dude at the 4-5 spots), sebastian telfair, the timberwolves lottery pick the next year back (traded in an original deal), ryan gomes (not a shabby player) and some assorted pieces and cash. the jefferson, lottery pick, and gomes are worth a bit more than marc gasol.

edit-i didn't check it at first but the lottery pick was flipped to get them kevin love. so it's essentially love, gomes and jefferson vs marc gasol.
i'm just happy to see ray break the record. 
ha! reggie miller wasn't classy on the court.  he was the biggest shit talker in the nba.  he was a great guy off the court, but he was a menace on it.
i'd rather have nene than either one of them.
raps fans are rooting for you cle. 
as in the stat guys who are generous with things like assists to their hometown players?
yup i'm crazy, laker fans haven't been complaining about gasol being soft all year and it's absolutely crazy to suggest that [kobe might have a hard time co-existing with another star of equal size and power who is a bit of a head case.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kobe_bryant_%e2%80%93_shaquille_o'neal_feud)
kobe didn't travel, that was bullshit. he jump stopped onto both feet and chose one pivot. that was a terrible call. the ref was standing right fucking there. i don't see how the ref could have even though that he had the authority to blow the whistle on that.
best part? j.kidd is 2nd active player behind rayray...800 3pointers behind him. 
jesus fucking christ boys. figure it out.

*edit* thanks.
are you fucking kidding me? that was a charge? shannon brown has to be allowed enough space to catch the ball and make a basketball move before ray ray has authority to take his position. basically he needs two feet of space.
jeeeeeez...our field goal percentage just tanked
marc gasol and over $11 million in cap space which allowed for their free agent signings.

oh, and they're 2 games above .500 and 1 game back from the 8th seed.
i'm the kind of guy who has about 5 different pieces of cavaliers gear, and am kinda known as "the cavs fan" at my school. the "hey, how did the cavs do last night? herp derp" comments from my buddies are getting old fast, so it's really refreshing to see this.
fuck dude... i love how 3 back up centers are all injured what are the chances really?
did anyone notice ray's wife and family were not on the same side of the court as ray's mom?  he couldn't get them tickets together on this historic night?
for real. even ray's shot doesn't look too good, and that's physically impossible.
kobe!
steve kerr making excuses once again.

the emotion of ray allen's record was too much for them to handle? get the fuck out of here.
luck of the irish.
i think the final rosters are better than the real thing. rondo and aldridge lead the polls, with westbrook just behind la. that sounds right too.
don't forget that he needed like 300 fewer games to get there.  very impressive indeed.
we get it...you're a lakers fan
kg makes everyone else better? made them amazing defensive players, right? right?

how'd ray ray do on kobe tonight? why not switch paul "the kobe stopper" pierce over to him?
http://i304.photobucket.com/albums/nn200/nbacarddotnet/zz%20nba%20photo%20gallery/y%20nba%20etc/1%20miami%20heat/youmad-.jpg
oh caaaaaanaaaaaaaada
down 15 and came back to win. kobe simply toyed with everyone the whole game.

first half he had what three points? 20 in the second half and he pretty much did what he so pleased.
you have 3 downvotes, and i'm not really sure why. i guess there is a subset of r/nba that really just doesn't like miami. 
thank you all for the down votes. it let's me know i've struck a nerve which pretty much tells me you mad.
smiling my ass off when that 3 went it.  i became a fan when ray came to boston, grew up watching him play.  has been a class act since uconn. it's nice to see players like that.
sweet victory for the lakers.
at your stupidity. yes kobe played well. did you ever mention that we had 8 players for the second half? paul pierce has the flu? boston still kept it to close game even though kg and big baby were terrible all night. i don't really mind this loss, as it really won't even be close to the two teams playing if they do meet in the championship
gah, you beat me to it!  that was an impressive display by the lakers out there tonight, and even though it is just one game, i think it's a good sign that the lakers still can turn it around and be the title contenders that everyone assumed they would be when the season started.  

i'm wondering if parrallax91 still thinks kobe is washed up.  unlike the horribly selfish display from kobe in the last lakers-celtics game, kobe tonight played damn near perfect basketball, setting his teammates up, working the ball inside, and taking over down the stretch when he needed to.  kobe's second half in particular tonight was flat out dominant.
nobody shot 3s very much back then, even people who were good at it like bird. players/coaches are a lot smarter now and realize the value of that extra point.

for example, did you know jason kidd is third all time in 3s made (after ray allen and reggie miller)?
i wonder if getting the record took him out of the rest of the game emotionally.  he played great up until that point but was basically a no-show the rest of the way.  and he was pretty awful defensively on kobe in that second half.
are those excuses? because i predicted these were to come before the game even started. 

my stupidity? where was i ever stupid? everything i've said in this thread was factual. i can understand that you're upset with the facts and you see a little lakers logo next to my name and probably click that arrow regardless of what i say.
i want to believe. 
i'm not sure if you mean they fabricated the incident with deron as well.
why would they ruin his reputation as they tried to preserve sloan's?
did i misread what you wrote?
that's what it looked like. that's the first time i can ever remember his shot actually looking bad.
that's the shitty part about +/-; that is to say its ability to be manipulated.
you didn't state any facts, just your biased opinions in an annoying tone
got any more [excuses?](http://i.imgur.com/gtntg.jpg)
what did you think was gonna happen when boston signed jermaine and shaq o'neal?  is anyone really surprised they've been hurt this much this season?  it's par for the course with them.
thank you. ask john starks what words he would use to describe reggie miller on the court...
thank you. ask john starks what words he would use to describe reggie miller on the court...
i can attest that not everyone wants to sit next to their mother in-law's, no matter how historical of a night.
really? my opinions? no facts?

the lakers didn't come back from 15 down? isn't that a fact?

kobe had 3 points in the first half and 20 in the second, no? fact!

steve kerr did make excuses as to why boston lost? he didn't say that ray allen's record breaking night was the reason they lost, based on the amount of emotion of the game? i'm fairly sure he did.

want to check the replay on the kobe travel they called at the end of the third? i guarantee you that he didn't travel based on the three times i re-watched the play.

do you not know that you're supposed to give a player enough room to land and then change direction on the receipt of a pass for you to be able to take position to draw a charge? i could surely show you and everyone else who doubts that the rule book as i've had to do just last week for the lack of actual basketball knowledge in this subreddit. half the people here don't even know the rules. 

was it not awfully quiet in this thread when the lakers started their push to their lead? it sure as hell was.

hell, i predicted exactly what would happen in the second half at halftime. kobe would take over and do his thing and the others would step up to hit their open looks. 

did the lakers not shoot 2 for 13 outside of the key in the first half of the game? they sure as fuck did.

kobe facilitated the first half and did in fact pass up a wide open three pointer on the very first lakers possession of the game just like i said he was going to.

the only god damn thing i was wrong about was lamar odom. he didn't take a tooth to the head, it was pau's jaw rather.

you can hate me for being a lakers fan, i'm amazingly okay with that. i love it in fact. it means i'm doing my damn job as a fan. i provide facts time and time again and most of the time bring it harder than anyone else in this subreddit with facts and stats that most people here can't even figure out how to look up. for you to say i'm stupid because of my opinions is awfully childish of you.
yep. dude can score exactly when and where he wants to.
gotta love that he did it against the lakers and kobe (they hate each other, from everything i've heard)
sorry, that's not what i meant at all. in fact i think the organization is scrambling to do damage control on that rumour. deron was on the team's radio station around 5pm basically telling ric bucher (the one who started reporting deron's involvement) to go f himself.

http://1320kfan.com/index.php/audio/listen/jerry_sloan_resignation_deron_williams_feb_10
my friend is trying to play the "called it" card right now too... i don't think anyone could see robinson and perk getting hurt, and you guys aren't any fun to play when all three of our centers are gone. if you did call that though, more power to you.


but yeah, it was a must win for the lakers and they won by scoring more points than boston. excuses can be made, but we're not chicago bears fans.


 kudos... dick. (kidding) ((kind of)).
i'd certainly base that statement off one game, yeah.
yeah, you're right. he was a really mediocre player, a bore to watch and didn't accomplish anything noteworthy in his career. it was only his pretend hatred of opposing players that garnered him any attention.
i surely didn't called robinson or perkins getting hurt, but i did know paul pierce having the flu would get brought up. that's why doc brought it up yesterday, forewarn everyone that they'll be not full speed because of it. 

oh. i'm a bears fan too.
it is stupid of me to try to have a debate with another lakers fan with an incredible basketball iq. you would think i'd learn by now!
right i agreed with you on their record (roughly .500) but who did they sign? they had bird rights with gay so they didn't have to worry about cap space to re-sign him. the only free agent signing i can remember off the top of my head is tony allen and he's just a nice perimeter defender off the bench. they drafted gay, conley, arthur and mayo and traded for randolph and gasol. so unless there is a big free agent signing i whiffed on remembering i can't really see how their free agent haul was anything special. i will give you that memphis wasn't entirely fleeced (just mostly) in that deal but minnesota got more out of boston.
other people here seem to do it just fine and are able to make valid points. try to refute anything i said in that comment, just try.
bears and the lakers? are you a nightmare i'm having?
not sure what you heard, but they definitely hugged each other after the game and kobe's post game interview was all class, congratulating him and saying he was very happy for him.  didn't really seem like there was a whole lot of hate there. 
well i don't care for baseball, so you're safe there.
then espn would talk about slumping lakers or something....that is so annoying.
so we like the same team, which is "the spokane fuck-all-that-noise"
parrallax91 has to be a troll. i hope he is.

oh and this game should be a brought up in regards to the whole bynum for carmelo media frenzy. just take a look at the shot charts and see the difference he made changing shots.
alright! baseball buddies!
please. that was the most condescending congratulations i've ever heard. plus there's [this](http://www.nesn.com/2010/06/ray-allenkobe-bryant-rivalry-still-raging.html) and a ton of other articles saying the same thing.
&gt; so.. why is he in the basketball hall of fame?

third all time winningest coach.

above average nba player. (two-time all star. first chicago bull player to have his number retired. etc.)

&gt;is don nelson in there too?

nope, not yet at least. you can see all of the current hofers at http://www.hoophall.com/hall-of-famers-index/
fitting because of his two finals loses to mj in the late 90s, or fitting because he played for the bulls and was the first bull to have his number retired? or fitting for some other reason?
i grew up playing as a post player, and most of the time i'll be playing as a center because everyone else is 5-8 and i have long durant-like arms, so it's not that bad against guys one to two inches taller than me. hands up &amp; box out. i rarely come across 6-3, 6-4 guys, but when i do, i usually get smashed on. yeah, it's not fun.

ps: freaking chuck hayes. i have a hayes jersey and it's my lucky one. i just channel my inner chuck wagon and i become the beast. 
he definitely trolls on occasion (like that thread he started the other day asking if okc has the sonics' championship banner up just so he could make the point that 5 of the lakers' titles were won in minnesota).  but with regard to his assessment of kobe, i think he just doesn't watch the lakers and instead was having his info fed to him from bill simmons or something.

i don't think the melo for bynum trade talks were real, i think that was just smokescreening by the nuggets.  tonight was a prime example of how dominant the laker front line can be.  odom, bynum and gasol combined tonight for 46 points, 31 rebounds and 5 blocks.  that's domination.
t-mac!
dear misterfr33z3,

would you kindly outfit my user name with a celtics 2 logo at your earliest convenience.

please accept this upvote as a gesture of gratitude.

sincerely,

commentsense 
yeah, but i guess the point here is that you wouldn't expect this result since bird is widely regarded as one of the greatest shooters ever, and steve blake is not as highly regarded as larry bird.

sorry to type in all caps, but it doesn't seem like you're getting it and i thought this would help.
a rookie too... and both injured same time?

do the math kid.

enjoy the win finally beat a top team in the league whole season. *slow clap*
i'm pretty sure that's blown over by now. they seem pretty amiable. but if you really think so, i'm glad kobe spoiled his big night by, you know, winning.
awesome [twitter feed](http://twitter.com/#!/kevinding) from l.a. beat reporter kevin ding. some highlights from today's game:

&gt;first "kobe sucks!" chant springs up after kobe's first foul.  
  
&gt;celtics fan yelling over and over at kobe: "where you at, kobe? you got 2 points, kobe!" bos 43, la 30.  

&gt;and whaddaya know, kobe has 20 in the half for league-leading 15th time this season. fan yelling earlier now mf'ing him quietly.  
2nd half combined, 33 pts, stepped it up big time.
i have more respect for jerry sloan then any coach of any sport i know. 
that article references quotes from 6 or 7 years ago. i think these guys would have grown up a little by now. if they've had that kind of public animosity toward each other within the last year, then i stand corrected. but kobe even gave him a pat on the back or something at half court during a stoppage for free throws.
you really wanted to see semih erden out there instead of perkins, kg or big baby?  none of those guys played more than 34 minutes tonight so it's not like they were really that taxed across the front line.  and yes, when you sign jermaine o'neal (a guy who has been injured a ton for the last 3-5 seasons) and shaquille o'neal (the league's oldest player and someone who rarely has played more than 60 games in a season in his career), you should expect them both to be injured at the same time.  it's not the first time it's happened this year, nor will it be the last.

and i will enjoy the win, but i'm not sure who you consider "a top team in the league" this year.  san antonio, boston and miami?  before tonight la had only had 4 chances to beat one of those teams this season (and really were a last second tip in from beating the spurs the last time the teams met).  la will have two more chances against san antonio and 1 more against miami.  people made a big deal out of this "lakers haven't beat any top teams" nonsense, but really they haven't had many chances.  they haven't yet played orlando, they've only played dallas once, they went 1-1 against chicago, they're 1-0 against okc, they're 1-1 against denver, 1-1 against utah.  anyway, i'd rather see the lakers play well in the second half of the year than in the first half.
gasol is definitely tougher than bosh, despite the soft complaints. shaq had a huge ego as well, which people forget. i think a kobe who's gracefully declining with age and playing the least minutes since his sophomore year and shooting the least fga since 2000 can play well with a melo who's in his prime. both melo and kobe play well off the ball and don't need to be ball dominant to score, which can't be said of lebron and wade. plus kobe and melo have a pretty strong bond, kobe's took him under his wing pretty much since he was a rookie for some reason, i'm guessing cause they have very similar offensive styles.

not really saying the lack of a true center won't hurt la but i think your arguments are mostly baseless.
you sound incredibly jelly.
haha, indeed. his classic choke-gesture to spike lee still has me crackin' up... because pacers ended up losing.
wizards have their own streak to end!
show him what he's won!
yeah, reggie also invented paul pierce's trademark move, the pump fake to get someone in the air and then lean in to them as you shoot for the and 1.
its just an interesting concept because of sloan's affection for the bulls.

i think if sloan was to come back to the bulls, it would be in a front office role, with phil johnson going to the bench, which would be great too.  john paxson and gar forman should be working on this, because sloan would be a great addition to the organization in any capacity, and phil johnson would be a high quality assistant.
sweet. proud of ray allen!
[furthermore](http://slipcue.com/home/music/country/countrypix/aaa_albums/j/_george/jones_82anniversary.gif).
blake also has a 14 assist quarter. 
a 12 seed has never made the final four.

and chemistry is just one of those buzzwords to me like "distractions" and "legacy" that make me want to blow my fucking brains out if i hear another analyst utter them again.
http://www.didthecavswinlastnight.com/

:]
if jay williams didn't go down in that motorcycle accident, i think bill cartwright would have stuck around as the bulls coach, and would have made the playoffs in 03-04 and 04-05.  i think eventually they would have still fired him as the team wouldn't become elite under him, but i think he would have done well enough for him to stick around.

it's been awhile since then, but if i remember it correctly, tyson chandler had some type of throat or esophagus problem at the beginning of the year, and played like shit and had to sit out some games, so that team got off to a poor start, and jalen rose fell apart physically that year, so the team was doomed from the start.

the bulls could have been so good with the williams, crawford, chandler, and curry core.  

i think jay williams would have developed into an allstar level point guard.  but the big loss was tyson chandler.  dude was an absolute stud.  cartwright was doing a hell of a job developing.

some of those games chandler was putting up were insane.  27 points 18 rebounds, 8 points 19 rebounds, 21 points 17 rebounds, 19 points 22 rebounds, 23 points 14 rebounds...etc.

chandler was just so athletic.  he had better athleticism than tyrus thomas, but better length, and he played with a lot more energy and ferociousness.  

he was so athletic that he was that rare big man that could score just off of his athleticism, because no other big man could keep up with them.

but then he dove into the stands after a loose ball, fucked up his back, and was never the same.
j sloan is one of the most underrated coaches in the nba. he is a solid coach and i think that he deserves a ring to go along with a his career.
17 banners &gt; 16 banners.

also 5 of your championships where as the minnesota lakers.

you jelly?
&gt;“if somebody had their life on the line, and they’ve got their options on who they want to save their life – tell me who you’re going to pick?” bryant asked. “you’re going to look at the stats first?”
no not at all. i was born in 1989. i became a fan in 1999. anything before that doesn't matter *that* much to me. if you want to brag about your teams wins before you were born, go right ahead. i certainly don't think i'll ever do that.
see, it's too bad he made it sound like a stats vs non stats argument, because now people are going to bring up the results of science and how we use it to make good decisions. for example, modern medicine is an improvement over superstition.

but that's not the argument. the argument is that the interpretation and conclusions of the stats are bogus. no one's arguing that kobe bryant is not 6-22 in situations where his team is tied or down one or two points with 24 seconds or less. they're arguing that that does not mean he is not clutch.

stats don't lie, people do.
nice work jesus shuttlesworth.
i miss seeing him in a sonics uniform.
the only thing crazier would be if jake plummer played handball (no euphemism, real handball).
him or anyone else.
well as t[hat rebuttal from silver screen &amp; roll](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fb1t0/awesome_thorough_awesomely_thorough_rebuttal_to/) showed, henry abbott really cherry picked his stats in that "kobe is not clutch" article (namely using data that's a few years out of date).  in the end, games like tonight aren't going to change the mind of people like abbott, cause after all [haters gonna hate.](http://i.imgur.com/hfq6w.gif)
that's because of inflation today. a 3 pointer was worth 1.2 points back then.
what a great game, and an even better ending
&gt;i think he just doesn't watch the lakers and instead was having his info fed to him from bill simmons or something.

you know, this rings true (small sample size, though) because i had a conversation with him yesterday and he told me that kobe had done a rap about shaq after winning number five. i follow the lakers pretty closely, so i was surprised i had not heard about it before. when i asked where he heard about it, he pointed me to a bill simmons [article](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?page=simmons/100820), where simmons repeats what is basically a rumor about kobe loudly talking about shaq in the post-game lockerroom.
[has he worked at s-mart before?](http://www.reelmovienews.com/gallery/bruce-campbell/)
i liked tyson chandler while we had him.  tyrus thomas was close, but not quite chandler.  thomas was also the guy we traded away lamarcus aldridge for :( and i'm still sad about it to this day.  then again, who knew the blazers picking sam bowie would suck compared to michael jordan?

it's forever a shame that jay williams had to violate his nba contract and lost his playing career over it.  oh well, at least d-rose came along years later.  i thought captain kirk gave us a satisfactory part of his career here.  if he was more consistent on offense, i'd miss him more.

i don't think eddy curry would have been any different if we had this core.  remember what scott skiles had to say about his poor rebounding ability?  when asked what curry could do to rebound better, he responded, "jump."
not only that, but chicago also signed carlos boozer, kyle korver, and ronnie brewer this last offseason.  all three of those players were on the jazz roster last year. (yes, brewer was traded to memphis in between, but my point still stands).
7,683 points from behind the arc.
when it comes to medicine, yes i'm going to look at the research performed to inform me of what my best options are and what will give me my best outcome. you know why? because those experiments and trials are rigorously conducted, with control groups and minimization of external variables.

when it comes to basketball, am i going to go with a stat like "clutch fg%"? is each shot a carefully constructed experiment that can be compared to other trials? do they cycle each player through different teammates and different schemes? is there a control group? are the "clutch shots" taken under the same environmental situations?
don't forget to kick your leg out so the defender knocks you off balance!
that was an awesome interview. thanks for your 2 cents on the situation. 
imo from having had a number of back and forth comment discussions with him the guy does not know very much about the game and doesn't appear to have been watching for more than maybe 2 or 3 seasons or so (he had no idea how many times the lakers and celtics had played in the finals in the 80s, he didn't remember what happened in boston the last time the lakers played there before they signed kg &amp; ray allen, etc).  he definitely comes across like someone who's just repeating things he's read elsewhere, rather than having any memory of having watched these games himself, or making any of his own conclusions based on what he's seen.  

the simmons connection, for me, became apparent when he began talking about how kobe had played more than x number of minutes and how that clearly meant his knees are shot.  i've never really heard anyone other than simmons say anything like that, and simmons only began saying that stuff as a way to explain why kg suddenly seemed like a shell of himself last season.  

anyway, as someone who's been watching laker games for well before kobe was on the team, and throughout kobe's career, i haven't seen anything from kobe this year that shows he's slowed down at all.  on average he maybe does less than he did a few years ago, but to me that's because he doesn't need to do as much anymore given who he has as teammates.  i'd say anyone expecting the lakers to be less of a championship threat this year due to kobe being diminished in some way are in for a rude awakening come playoff time.  so after tonight's game i was curious if parrallax91 wanted to retract anything he'd said about kobe's effectiveness apparently being limited due to knee problems. 
his talent made him legandary, his hatred made him the best, just ask clyde drexler after people advertised the 92 finals as a contest of what 2 was better.
ya i agree that gasol is tougher than bosh, but he's still soft. shaq did have a huge ego and i made that point when i called him a head case in my last post (every coach he's had except for phil jackson thought he was difficult). also the thought that kobe plays well off the ball all the is just silly, the man plays in the triangle offense which practically demands a good 2 (just look at the timberwolves and their attempt at running it without a good 2 guard) and in that offense the 2 needs to touch it and that's even before you go into the games where kobe says screw it and just starts gunning it a la the first celtics game and the two spurs games. also you have to remember that kobe and melo are both pretty high in [usage rate](http://insider.espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/statistics/_/sort/usagerate)  (and are in the same rate of lebron and wade) so you have to think that they both touch the ball quite a bit, neither is a ray allen/reggie miller type that gets their nut on screens. i know kobe and melo are friends but i question melo's character, the guy has had maturity issues in the past and he's trying to leave the nuggets just so his wife can get a better reality tv show deal in a bigger market.
the lakers were ubuntu.

they showed the celtics how to play as a team.
you make a good argument. this is not impossible. i wouldn't put it into the "likely" category, more like the "i wouldn't be surprised if it's true" category.
i think that abbott put a really sensationalist title on his work, but he did say that the stats he was quoting were very specific to a certain set of circumstances (ie. last possession of a close game).  and really, this one game isn't enough to say anything.  you say this game is a "great example" of a clutch game, but i can also cherry pick games where he didn't have a "clutch game."  

while the "clutch definition" may be flawed and/or over-interpreted, i still think the statistical argument is better than basing opinions on things like "i remember a few times when kobe was clutch."  kobe bryant is an amazing player, and he'll make his fair share of clutch shots, but that doesn't mean a kobe iso is the best play call at any time of the game, especially at the ends of games.  
how can he only be 6-22? didn't he hit almost that many buzzer beaters alone last season?
oh yea, cause with half of the celtics wins coming against an nba with less than 10 total teams, thats a lot better.
a great chunk of your championships came from when the league had less than 10 teams. 
interesting analysis. this theory really makes more sense compared to the deron story. it's really out of character for sloan to quit in the middle of a season. that's why everyone went wtf with the news. i imagine if sloan retired in the off-season, then people would have been like: "about time sloan took a break".
congrats ray, when reggie set it, i didn't think anyone was breaking it. but if anyone could, i'm glad it's a player cut from the same fabric as reggie; a true jump shooter who has perfected his craft and puts in the hours to become great. and congrats on being an all-star 15 years into your career, that is also pretty amazing.
as great as people like to remember larry bird was at threes....he was really only mediocre for a large part of his career. 4 of his first 5 years in the league he shot in the 20% range and barely shot any at all (less than 1 a game). he started getting good after that and went on to win 3 point competitions and make a name for himself as a three point shooter. 
okay great you make excellent points now chill the fuck out
i concur. i too am a pacers fan, raised on the reggie greatness, and i'd still take prime reggie over ray allen any day of the week.

but big respect to ray allen, he has a fantastic game, great fundamentals, and a shooting stroke to die for.  similar in many ways to reggie's game, coming around the screens and curling off to catch and shoot, and it's nice to see someone still doing that at a high level.

rip hamilton used to, but he's really fallen off as of late.
d'antoni looks like washed up luke wilson.
24yrs 

13 with a winning record. 13 freaking years of constantly average to mediocre teams but always a winner. 

he was taken for granted thats why he never won... hell sam mitchell one over him that one year which was a travesty. 
next year. 

we need irving right now...
only measuring the last 24 seconds is kind of extreme imo.  i'd extend that clutchness time zone to 4 minutes or less remaining in the game while the teams are within 3 pts of each other.  wonder what those stats would look like.

ultimately, i think kobe is right, stats aren't very useful in determining the best clutch players.  too many variables hidden inside those stats.  
sigh.....
very good post, i enjoyed the listen.  i mean, sloan does have a not so good reputation, but it is what it is.  so i think everybody should just chill out and take it easy on deron williams.  i mean, as much of a prick as he may have been to the media, he's no way nearly as high up there as lebron, and in this modern age, that's what nba players do, they talk, a lot.

i just feel bad that after 20 years sloan couldn't land a championship.  it's a damn shame that he had to deal with jordan, then the lakers.  


source?
sigh... good game by denver. billups was playing out of his mind. 
i hope peja can find his stroke again....
kevin ding is one of the few reporters i trust and respect highly. he never seems to fluff anything and he just wants the right stories out there.

he was one of the few reporters that covers the lakers that was calling the melo for bynum rumor bullshit.
i've only started watching basketball this season and i'm not totally sure what i think of mark jackson. most of the time he seems to make perfectly valid points but sometimes he can be totally off. i remember in a heat game earlier this season the topic of the big three gelling was being discussed and mark's response was simply "it's basketball", as if players don't need any time to gel. even the best players need some time, i'd think most people would agree on that.
i love the quitness shirt.
csi: typos
&gt;enjoy the win finally beat a top team in the league whole season. slow clap

i love this argument. you're currently 6-4 against those top 5 teams. san antonio, miami, lakers, chicago and dallas.

you also had the benefit of playing miami twice within the first 2 1/2 weeks of the season. when you played them they were still trying to figure out how to even play a game together.

if you really want to get into injuries and using them as excuses we can do that. doc complained about not having a back up center. the lakers haven't had a backup center since the first two weeks of the season and that's only because our starting power forward had to play out of position. have you realized that? pau started the season at center. bynum was out. ratliff played a couple minutes here and there as the backup. ratliff gets injured. who's left? derrick caracter? we finally get bynum back, but we're still left without a backup center. this has been our season. our entire season. yet the celtics fans start to bring this up to make excuses for losing to the lakers.

oh, and the lakers are currently 2-6 against those top 5 teams. with the lakers gelling and boston seemingly playing bad basketball at the moment, not to mention miami coming up on sunday, i'm not to sure if i'd hold that argument valid for much longer.
yeah, at least 3 that i can think of.
not that a great low-post scorer like himself has any reason to shoot the three, but i still found it to be quite surprising.
how many has he taken?
and needed fewer shot attempts because of his 40% career avg from 3
under 3pm-a, it says 1-22 for career. apparently he's never attempted a 3 in the playoffs though.
neal wasn't drafted. and redick is absolutely an nba contributor. not many people thought he was going to be a star but drafting the best shooter available in the first round if it fits what your team is looking for isnt a bad option. he has developed into a solid player and is continuing to improve.
[sir jason terry is not pleased with your shot.](http://imgur.com/3tgvw)
this is baffling to me.  i would clearly go with the von wafer cam.
jerry sloan, coach of the jazz since the 80's, resigns.

mubarak, president of egypt since the 80's, resigns.

coincidence???

i kid, i kid. please downvote.
i miss delonte the most. 
video [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snwrfwi0jle&amp;feature=related#t=13s). i'm guessing he didn't call glass.
[seriously](http://www.nba.com/video/games/suns/2009/12/21/0020900404_cle_phx_play4.nba/index.html)

*edit - fixed link, also love [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jva00fngvmg)
thank god :d

just kidding, but it's not like either team will fall out of contention anytime soon.
soooo in shape back then :/
he hasn't had too many chances yet, but there are times where i've see "it" from him. i think if he had a team in which he was the first or second option we'd get some great play out of him.
uhh...you do realize this is the onion right?  
did anyone else notice the alien is ray allen now?
oh, lol. i missed that. i guess i was in a rush to read it
f the onion.
hmm, i was always under the impression that he had never made a three... guess i was wrong.
[interesting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marv_albert#sexual_assault_charges) tidbit on marv albert for you. personally, i don't like either of them.
6 - memphis, toronto, miami, boston, milwaukee, sacramento. 
i was about to post the kfc video, instead [delonte on jim rome](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irxnz1jikji).
marv "bad date" albert.
i, for one, am uncomfortable with that headline.
6-4 &gt; 2-6


i think the more surprising stat is that he attempted 5 3's in 1994.
imo, the difference is that you don't usually see nfl players without helmets.  

for example, i live in the la area and could probably recognize most of the lakers/clippers, but if you were to walk half the chargers team past me on the street, i doubt i'd recognize anyone besides rivers.
not cheryl miller. 
i love em both.  tnt has the best basketball coverage imo
i don't like hollinger's stats, but okay, let's go with 'usage rate' for a second. lebron+wade combine for about 60 on the same team, they were at 65 last season. kobe+melo combine for 62 this season, 60 last season, both as alpha dogs on their teams. assuming the same drop, they would be even lower than lebron+wade, 55 to 57.

first off, the triangle actually demands a good 3 and 5, obviously phil adjusted it some to suit his teams. but either way i don't think you understand the triangle very well. while the ball often ends up in kobe's hands, there are a ton more passes, and if you actually watch, kobe will do a lot of cuts and swings to the weak side. there's very minimal dribbling and there are a relatively high number of touches when run properly. kobe prefers to get the ball in the triple threat position anyways, which requires a pass to get to him. i'm not saying he works the majority of the time off the ball but he definitely knows how to play it. compare that to james, who runs as point-forward and more or less demands the ball in his hands to create anything. the struggles the heat first ran into was cause james and wade weren't use to playing off the ball - and james still isn't, wade is the one who adjusted.

again, kobe's an aging player and he knows it. his mpg and fga are both down. a lot of the games he takes over, even in the past, but especially so now, are either because he's genuinely hot, in which case why would anyone complain - feed the hot hand - basic coaching, and/or because his teammates won't step up. and in the boston game, kobe scored 3pts in the first half, letting his teammates get involved, then went into dagger mode for the rest of his 23pts to seal the game with only 17 total shot attempts. there were 4 other players in double figures, gasol with 20. i don't see anything wrong with that. this year to date, kobe's had 8 games with 20+ fga, lebron has had 10, including a 30fga game. kobe's 3 lowest are 10, 11, 12. lebron's are 13, 14, 14. in other words, kobe's playing less selfish as the alpha dog already, whereas lebron (not saying he isn't playing well though), who's supposedly on a superteam already, is playing more selfishly.

and kobe's publicly said he wants to play off the ball more:

&gt; "i'd much rather him handle the ball and me be off the ball. this is a good situation for us as a team to get accustomed to him being the facilitator and handling the ball. the misconception that they have is that people automatically assume that i play with the ball. i had to play with the ball because i was the facilitator of the team these past years. but i much prefer being off the ball."
the darkest.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tom_gores
92 &gt; 86
153 &gt; 121
i imagine you weren't alive for all of those wins. not so sure if i'd be claiming the victories that the team you're rooting for won before you became a fan.
kevin harlan is just awesome.
just make it to the finals and we'll talk... can't see la beating spurs this year anyways.
i'm sure you said the same thing last year.
i wonder if he'll try to move the team to california.
[you mad?](http://img141.imageshack.us/img141/746/zxlson1297416473.jpg)
to be fair to lebron and wade the reason their use is still really high is that the only players on the heat that aren't terrible offensively are mike miller and chris bosh so that might have something to do with it. if melo ended up on the lakers they'd have odom, gasol, brown and a bunch of other role players. if that's the case and kobe has so much help shouldn't his usage rate be lower and gasol, odom and bynum's be a bit higher?

while i'll give it to you that you probably know more about the triangle than i do, your 3 and 5 description seems to not really matter *that* much. the bulls ran it with a good 2 and 3 and the lakers had it going with a 2 and 5 and now primarily with a 2 and 4. since all the other teams that tried to run it (the mid 90's toni braxton mavs and the timberwolves last year) failed miserably with no 2 guard to involved i assumed that the 2 had something to do with it. lebron is an amazing creator who should have the ball is his hand as much as possible, if he was five inches shorter he'd be deron williams so i don't think there is anything wrong with that. asking lebron to handle the ball less is a much lesser version of asking magic johnson to handle the ball less.

yeah kobe is smart for getting his teammates involved but those spurs games still stick out to me, against the best team in the league he didn't pound it in to the trees (more specifically bynum) and instead started building a brick house. when that kobe shows up it doesn't end well for the lakers (to put it in cross-sport terms it's like when a 37 year old brett favre yells "i'm brett favre" and starts chucking it into triple coverage). also i know it's not a good excuse but that 30 fg lebron game was the magic game and did that as an eff you to the magic for making fun of him and some of those were statement games. it's more of a testament to lebron's ego and pissiness than anything. when he's not in that mode he's a fairly good creator and kobe himself said that's what lebron specializes in. i don't consider that heat team a super team btw because of the drop off from the top 3 to the bottom, the lakers and celtics are more "super teams" than they are.

i read your kobe quote but who if he talking about in terms of ball handling and yeah he says it but let's see him do it if he gets a guy like that. this is the same guy who wanted tomjanovich to coach the lakers after he told him how much he plans to have kobe shoot in his offense.
meh. your boyfriend: 6/24
reggie needs to come out of retirement to take the record back. plus we won't have to hear his attempt at broadcasting anymore.
i always enjoy a sport more when there is a team so bad that they might break the loss record. go wiz 
i loved harlan when he was the wolves radio announcer, so glad that the nation get to hear him.
sure, [here you go.](http://j.mp/i58fvb)
and a go-ahead shot at dallas where they took the lead and dallas never scored again. i think the lakers got some intentional foul free throws. oh and he had back spasms.
what about if you're up by 10, the other team goes on a 5-0 run with 5 minutes left, and someone hits a shot to end the run. is that clutch?

what if it's 3 minutes remaining in the third and you just battled back from a 15pt deficit down by one and someone hits a shot to take the lead. not clutch?

it's just too hard to put a set of parameters on "this is clutch this is not." it ends up being arbitrary and no one is happy. so yeah i agree with you.
too bad it's on the same day as miami vs boston and la vs orlando
what should i do?  be a role model? 

yes.  
he also had 15 rebounds for a shooting guard. more than anyone on your team. he also shot better than ray allen who was 3 for 14. not to mention pp was only 5 for 15.

please keep hating, i actually really enjoy it! it's not like you're bringing anything new to the discussion. nothing you've said hasn't already been echoed throughout any type of lakers - celtics discussion.
the reality is that most of us have been there. bulls spent about 5 or 6 years at rock bottom. the celtics didn't have a ton to be excited about before the big 3. nba fans have to dig deep and love the game, since there's no way to rebuild/reload quickly in this league.
awesome shoes.
the old stopable force/movable object conundrum.

edit: balls in your court washington.
joe johnson for nene and ty lawson. they'd have to rename habitat for humanity after all the bricks i'd shit.
most were probably shot clock chucks.
this guy is a class act and one of my all time favorite players. glad he got a ring and this record with a few years left in his career instead of having to chase these goals in the twilight years of his career on the bench somewhere.
...that was really fucking funny.
stoudemire!!
not only is clutchness hard to define, but i felt like the strongest argument that the article had was the skewed dataset abbott used--2003 to 2009 were mostly lean years for la, where either kobe did everything or the lakers lost.  i'm not even a lakers fan and i think that's pretty silly.  what would the conclusion look like if they had included every year of kobe's career?
where do you see your boyfriend after this season + lockout? done. gg.
teams with a big low post presence present matchup problems for the spurs on the nights where perimeter shots aren't dropping, so it would be nice to pick up a big tall dude. last i checked, they have the cap space to get a decent bench player.
is that hot buttered donny marshall about to receive the pass?
that's why i added his wikipedia article to the comments. looks like he grew up not far from flint and went to msu. probably interested in keeping the team in det
actually, the kid goes to emerson college.  many nba teams use their facilities to practice before games.
turkish fans or trolls?
it'd be awesome if the heat could somehow get nene but i know it won't happen.
it's a trick question, since they're the same person.
what does that mean? sorry man, i was really really high when i wrote that. 
so this is what its like when it is someone else's favorite team getting made fun of.
yay!
or mark "mama there go that man" jackson. espn would be unbearable had it not been for van gundy.
lol, so i was 100% correct. have you ever been to /r/trees?

they have a bracket and number system to show everyone how high you are. [0] is not high and [10] is pretty much as high as you can get.

using the { you indicate you're coming down and } indicates you're getting higher.
it's about time. anybody else read his book back in the day? i couldn't put it down.
did you really just gg me in /r/nba?
http://simplybasketball.tumblr.com/post/1550729863
watching that lakers-celtics game last night i think boston really should consider making some kind of move.  it's not known how long marquis daniels could be out for (if he comes back this season at all), and without him the celtics don't have anyone on the roster who can back up paul pierce.  boston can't simply just wear down pierce asking him to play ~40 minutes a game for the rest of the season and all through the playoffs.  also, what happens if pierce gets in foul trouble?  who does boston bring in at sf?  von wafer?  look at [boston's roster](http://espn.go.com/nba/team/roster/_/name/bos/boston-celtics): there's nobody to bring in with the size needed to play sf.

the lack of tony allen this year also looks like it could be a problem for the celtics, as the op mentions, especially if they are going to meet the lakers in the finals again this year.  one thing is crystal clear after two lakers-celtics games and that is that kobe bryant can pretty much get whatever he wants against boston's defense, and that's definitely because there's no james posey/tony allen type guy to help ray allen out defensively.  ray's a good defender, but he's overmatched against kobe, and worse for boston, it's led to foul trouble for ray in both matchups.  you just can't expect ray allen to lock down kobe by himself.  he needs help off the bench.

delonte west will be coming back, and usually nate robinson will be there, but neither of those guys can adequately guard kobe due to how small they both are.  these same issues could crop up against either orlando (jason richardson) or miami (dwyane wade).  i think boston is really vulnerable at those 2-3 spots simply because there's no depth there with any size or defensive strength.  boston's frontcourt will be fine as long as kg, perk and big baby are healthy (the o'neals will probably heal up somewhat), and boston is covered at pg with rondo and nate rob, but they need some serious help off the bench behind pierce and ray.
http://i.imgur.com/uithw.jpg
you're wrong about the spurs having cap space, [their salary is at $69m for the season.](http://www.shamsports.com/content/pages/data/salaries/spurs.jsp)
due to both denver and miami being over the salary cap the only way that could happen (assuming the nuggets were looking to get rid of nene, which they aren't) would be if the salaries matched.  because nene makes over $11m this year, unless miami was willing to trade one of their big 3 (doubtful) the heat would at minimum have to give up [mike miller, udonis haslem and joel anthony](http://games.espn.go.com/nba/trademachine?tradeid=4agrgql) to make it work.
i plan on putting 500 dollars on the wizards.  i really think i have a shot.
til shaq can hit a 3pter.
pretty much what i said in my top post, but what could your team use? an upgrade from artest? also i'm not saying that delonte can shut down kobe(even though delonte is always pretty high on the defensive metric ratings) but eric gordon is the same height (6-3 i think) and he seems to do an okay job at covering kobe, it's more of a height question than a delonte question.
melooooo
 http://i.imgur.com/bawzv.jpg
what wildyams said and also the spurs don't have any expiring contracts. perhaps they should try developing splitter?
i can see why a hawks fan would love to see them ditch joe johnson's horrible contract, but why do you want nene when you've already got a bunch of centers, one of which is an all star (horford)?  a more ideal trade for the hawks with denver would be johnson for melo (assuming melo would agree to an extension there, which he probably wouldn't, but we're talking about idealistic trade scenarios here).
if sloan had cancer and that's why he's retiring, why would he have just signed an extension a few days ago?
rondo = rose.

if only rondo could shoot...
exactly. a win vs the clippers would ruin an amazingly exciting game (for the wrong reasons but who cares).
celtics one please.
http://i.imgur.com/sbegk.jpg
maybe mubarak can step in for the jazz
is johnson remotely worth his contract?  can any team actually afford him?
http://i.imgur.com/wjxu7.jpg
i would pick rose over rondo any day, even if he could shoot.  rose is just more explosive
pacers 1 please
it's a toss up for me. rose shoots too much for a pg, but he has to sometimes. i like rondo more in boston where he can be a facilitator and not worry about scoring, while rose has to be the primary man in the bulls offense.
i meant a college in boston. i see how my title was misleading.
man, i love medeval madness...  but i'll never own one.  that machine alone can sell for 6k-10k.
i'm thinking the timeline worked something like this:

-sloan goes in for routine checkup

-signs extension

-boozer &amp; co. come to town and during game prep he gets a call from his doctor.

-doesn't want to cause too much of a distraction before such a big game for the jazz so waits until after the game to let people know he's stepping down.
i don't live in cleveland anymore but i still rep my team. the sidebar on /r/nba made me smile, thanks guys :)
because horford's true position is power forward, and if we had a real center it would be disgusting. we would be small on the backcourt without joe, but without his fat contract we'd be free to make moves. with josh smith, al horford, and nene in the front, what shooting guard wouldn't be clammering to join?
why's that a bad thing?  they tip off after those games.
isn't this normal for most centers?
rondo is an amazing on-court general.

his shot sucks.. it's *terrible*, but he does an amazing job at hitting open players.  not just passing to someone open to spot up for a shot, but actually hitting people in stride through tight coverage.
wizards!  although the (less injured) cavs beat the wizards before in the beginning of the season, the cavs just seem so short-handed right now with all the injuries. either way both teams will play hard.  and i feel bad for antawn jamison, former wizard.

however the wizards play san antonio on saturday.  so the cavs have the slight advantage in having a day off before hand.
could be but that's a hell of a coincidence.  i think the d-will dispute is far more likely.
teams could afford him, but no, he's definitely not worth that contract.
why don't the hawks just start zaza at center and slide horford over to pf then?
is marv one of the greatest basketball play by play guys ever?

*yes!*
i'm good with the lakers staying put as is unless they could like steal oj mayo or something.  at some point la's gonna have to think more about the future, but for now i'm good with them sticking with the team as is and just trying to repeat.  la doesn't need any more sfs or an upgrade for artest.  when matt barnes is healthy in another month that'll solidify that position.

kobe has always tended to play better against smaller guards, because he uses his height and his turnaround to pretty much just shoot over them (you could see that last night against von wafer).  delonte west is an upgrade defensively over von wafer, but he's still a far cry from what either james posey or tony allen were for boston.  and i still think boston needs another sf.  pierce can't man that position all by himself.  for all the size boston has up front, they're a very small team through the 3, 2 and 1 positions, outside of pierce and rondo.
there is just so much wrong in this picture
there can only be one
i guess it worked :)
eh, shits getting old. given the choice, any athlete would do the same.
mavericks 1 please.
i want the sixers to trade andre iguodala. he has made it very clear over the course of his career that he cannot be the best player on a contending team, and there's no point in the sixers continuing to be mediocre with iggy as their best player; it's counterproductive to be a low-lottery team or even worse, first round fodder for the heat/celtics/whoever. trade iguodala to a contender where he can play the role that he's perfect for (defensive stopper/part time creator) and help out a good team while bringing back young talent, draft picks  or cap flexibility rather than have him miscast as a lead player and stunt evan turner's development (even if his potential is up for debate).
really? this is what r/nba has turned to?
it's weird to think that your primary scoring option is also your primary facilitator.
awful, awful photoshopping job...and yea this really has no place here
this could end up being the most competitive game we see all season. really, do you want to be the team that loses this one?
i've actually noticed some improvement in rondo's jumper, i think his real problem is confidence. doc has been trying to get him to be more aggressive with the ball, but what's the point when he has so many options around him and he's so great at getting the ball to guys in a position to score?
i thought cap was around $80m?
cavs fans mad, dats all
i would love for splitter to be better, but i don't think he's going to improve enough in time for the playoffs.
still dominates around a basket of fries
we'll give you kaman for him.
easily my favorite onion sports article.
...and then they won.
would've been more classy if his team won the game.
which is funny bc i lived in ohio for 5 years and considered myself a cavs fan during that time. guess i got out at the right time...
i would like the cav's to get lebron.  i don't think it will happen.
disregard idiots, beat celtics.
anything for luke walton, not going to happen though.
if you watch any interviews from people that have known ray since college, they all say that he has always been the first person on the court before the game, and the last person off of it afterwards. the guy has spent so much time perfecting his game, and still puts the same amount of effort and practice as he did when he was in college. there's no doubt that this achievement came through years and years of dedication and practice. 

i can't wait to see how many more 3's he'll have when he retires since he has atleast another 4 good years of basketball ahead of him.
absolutely agree with your assessment of the celtics, i think house and posey deserve more credit for their role in the 2008 championship (on the same subject, radmanovic deserves more credit for blowing that series than gasol).
no, the luxury tax might be around there, but [the salary cap is at $58m for this season.](http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=5362260)
pj brown too.  yeah, that 2008 lakers squad not only didn't have bynum but they had as you said vlad radmanovic and luke walton manning the sf position.  quite a difference from then to now (especially once matt barnes is healthy again next month).  

meanwhile boston now has nobody to back up pierce and very undersized guards to back up ray allen and rajon rondo.  and their frontcourt depth is suspect simply because the o'neals can't be relied on at all to be healthy or productive on the court anymore.

if la and boston meet in the finals again this year, as long as the lakers just feed the bigs and kobe plays smart basketball, i see no reason why la can't beat em again. 
i'd love nothing more than for the lakers to be able to unload luke walton in a straight salary dump.  trade him for some second round pick 5 years from now, i don't care.  just get his contract off the books.  like you said though, it'll never happen.  la's stuck with him.
saw the interview that they had with him the other day, very impressive. he seems like a very smart kid for being so young. i like how ucla has already contacted him saying they'll be keeping an eye on him, should be interesting once he hits the college level.
i personally think [the 360^o dunk shaq had](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3i4vlsyrfa) in the all star game one year was more impressive.  a dunk like that for someone his size is remarkable.
i have to give you credit where credit is due yams, you're the only laker fan on this board that doesn't want to tar and feather ron artest. kudos to you. but yeah we need daniels back and hopefully a defender for the bench.
this whole situation is just all kinds of weird. i hope retirement is kind to sloan
shaq gets more fat every year. god help him when he retires... if he doesn't stay in shape he will inflate to 500 pounds
do the grizz even get made fun of that much? i hardly ever hear anyone talk about them, negative or positive
what's the line on number of hookers he shows up with for the ceremony?
30 seconds of commercials during a break in the game causes pure rage to you? where's that louis ck interview. you pay for a service to watch nba games on a tiny little pocket tv we call a phone. if you have a problem with a measly 30 seconds, simple solution - don't pay for the service.
hands down my favorite player in the league. like they say look up class and you see a picture of ray allen. thanks for posting this.
that's not shaq, that's neon bordeaux.
luxury tax is around 69 million, if they have a hard cap next season both of our teams are royally screwed.
true, but the amount of space defenders give him because of the lack of respect for his jumper is almost insulting.  he really needs to pick it up and reduce that distance, so he can take advantage of his speed with the ball.
because zaza is a nice backup at best.
i'm not saying chemistry isn't important. i'm just tired of analysts thinking they have a clue about a team's chemistry and then sports fans badgering on about it. the reality is no one really knows a team's "chemistry" unless you're intimately involved with the team--and how can those players and staff members even evaluate their "chemistry" compared to other teams? how could they possibly know, except in gratuitously obvious cases of "chemistry" on both ends of the spectrum?

i don't care how much chemistry ohio state has right now, the cavaliers would make them look like amateurs. because that's actually what they are.

and as good as players like sulinger are at their level, most of the cavalier's roster was similarly hyped-up in college.

j. j. hickson played one season of college ball before being drafted in the first round.

mo williams, samardo samuels and daniel gibson went to the nba after only two years in college. manny harris, leon powe, ramon sessions and antawn jamison left after three, and jamison's jersey is hanging in the rafters at chapel hill (4th overall pick).

joey graham, christian eyenga and anthony parker were first-round picks.

most of these players enjoyed a pretty good measure of success at the amateur level. statistics say that most of their teammates never put on another jersey after college. these were the guys that ended up being professionals in the nba, and 25- or 26- game losing streak notwithstanding, they would hurt the best team in college basketball. maybe the scoreboard disparity wouldn't be as dramatic as an nfl v. ncaa match-up, but it would be pretty glaring.

and i really don't know how the yankees have anything to do with this discussion.
i agree with you on the o'neals part but with them on board we got four centers. i think at this time we can depend on perkins, erden, big baby and kg to be healthy so that should be good enough. it's all about health if we got everybody outside the o'neals (especially now that kg is kg again and not drew gooden) we should be good. btw shaq has been good for us when he's played this year so he's not useless like jermaine. also wouldn't you concede that the lakers have regressed a little as well, with gasol having a poor year and artest going bonkers?
i kinda hope the suns trade childress. i wish they could find him some consistent minutes, because this guy deserves to play. maybe for cash and a draft pick?
it was pretty funny but it was still funnier when danny woodhead did it because he looks average in every way. i could probably tell if it was landry fields.
is that even a sentence?
they hit the front end of a 1 and 1 to go up 1 with 13.5 seconds left, we called time out and drew up a play.  missed the shot, but got two offensive boards to finally put it in and go up 1 with 3 seconds left.  they missed their buzzer beater and we advanced to round 2 of the play offs.  so it was basically the best game ever haha
man, uconn has had some good shooters
not sure how you can say rondo &gt; rose.  rose is obviously the better player.  if you put rose on the celtics, that team doesn't miss a stride, and is probably chasing the bulls 72 win record.

put rondo on the bulls in rose's place, and i think the whole thing would fall apart.
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
that kid sounds so annoying.
lakers have a trade exception for about $5 million. it would provide cap relief and let some other teams save some money. picking up a pf or c that makes around that much would be swell. or we can work with memphis again and bring oj mayo home since he doesn't seem to be the most liked player over there.
international league pass?

be grateful that you don't have any blacked out games. they even blackout the tuesday fanpick nbatv game.
i think i predicted the heat to win 69 games this year.  i'm a bulls fan, and like how pippen sticks up for the organization, but i think he's going to be eating some crow in a few years.  the heat are going to win 60 games this year, and they've been playing like a high 60 win team as of late.  they just had a bad start to this season, and i don't think we'll see that in future years.

if the spurs can play at a 69 win pace this year, i think the heat can play at a similar pace if they have a healthy season like the spurs have.
i agree with everything pippen said. the jackass, the two and a half men, all of it.
i wrote a blog post on this not too long ago.

http://dabullz.com/2011/02/06/nba-and-nfl-need-to-improve-their-streaming-packages/

i don't have any problem with the commercials, but the blacked out nba tv games are absolutely ridiculous.  
emphasis on the *a*
*sigh* so true. so true.
my rage has to do with how unnecessary and fruitless it is to run an ad over and over (for something i already paid for) vs how it makes my experience as an already paying customer less enjoyable to say the least. it is clearly detrimental to their cause and to my experience.
shaq is good against teams like detroit that have no large players, he's totally ineffective against teams that actually have centers.  as a laker fan, i'd prefer he was on the court than either perkins or big baby, because shaq is basically a zero offensively and he's prone to fouling players defensively.  if i was a celtics fan i'd far prefer they just went with the same 3 man rotation at pf/c they had last night, with kg, perking and big baby each getting ~30 minutes of pt.  it remains to be seen if either o'neal will be healthy come playoff time, and if so, what they can actually deliver on the court.  my guess is not much.

the lakers haven't played that great this year, but i don't think they've regressed at all.  the nba regular season is a marathon and all that matters is that the lakers get their act together come playoff time, and imo they look to be on the right path.  they narrowly lost to the spurs recently, they just beat the celtics in boston and are 3-0 on their grammy trip.  

artest just needs to provide good defense come playoff time, and i have no doubt that he'll be able to do that.  he didn't have a great regular season last year either, but the playoffs are all that counts.  and this year he'll have matt barnes backing him up (last year la didn't have a backup sf, with luke walton being hurt all year, so it was mainly kobe playing backup sf minutes).  before barnes got hurt he was one of the few lakers who was actually playing great basketball, so if artest never turns it around, la's got a great second option there to turn to.

gasol's had a very up and down season.  at times he's looked better than he ever did last year, and at times he's looked the worst he has since joining the lakers.  again though, lately he's looked like pau gasol again, and as long as he keeps playing like this the lakers are going to be very tough to beat.

in addition to all that, kobe and bynum being healthy this year is a huge upgrade from what the lakers had last year.  kobe's play is much better this year than it was last year, and bynum is really playing with no limitations on his game, unlike what he had all of last year's playoffs.  if those guys stay healthy and everyone else keeps getting back to what the lakers are capable of, then i think every team out there is going to have a really hard time beating the lakers this year.
jazz 2 please (the old school music note)
those calves are ridiculous
some are saying knicks top priority is deron williams not carmelo. what y'all think?
boston accents are awesome.
the lakers don't need to get a scoring machine for the sf spot though, they need artest to just provide hard-nosed defense and otherwise just help the offense run smoothly by not mucking it up.  artest managed to do both those things last year en route to a title and i see no reason why he can't do it again this year.  in any event, la's got a great backup in matt barnes who should be back in a few weeks, so if artest doesn't have it going, then phil can just put barnes in there instead and the lakers won't skip a beat.

i'm far more concerned about the lakers' point guards than ron artest, but there's nothing that's gonna be done about either derek fisher or steve blake this season.  a triangle point guard is a tricky thing anyway.  sometimes shooting guard types are better suited to play point guard in the triangle offense.  like i said, the lakers are gonna have to think about the future at some point, but that's what the offseason is for.  for now i think the lakers as currently constructed can win it all this year.

not that marquis daniels was all that great, but without him the celtics only have one person on the roster who can play small forward, and that is paul pierce.  even daniels is really more of a shooting guard, but at least he can actually play that spot.  the celtics need a 3 badly or else they're just gonna be running some really small lineups out there for a lot of the season or burning pierce out.
&gt; "yo kobe, i got your girlfriend up here: she's 16!"

i think i heard similar insults thrown around from my classmates when i was in 6th grade.  i hope that douche pump is drowning in cheap beer in his dorm.
the nba is always good about grandfathering things in.  if they adopt a hard cap, my guess is it'll only apply to new signings.  if they force everyone to immediately get under a hard cap, it wouldn't work, as just about every team is over the cap so there would be nowhere for all those extra players to go to.
also, mama there goes that man.
alright, i don't get it. i love j.r. remember when he wanted to be known as earl?
i didn't even need to read the article to agree with that, after listening to jvg say mostly stupid crap when it was his turn to say something colorful during games.
if you're going to help rape a meme, at least do it right. hat?
i do think though that he meant this season. they didn't get to specific about it, but i am fairly sure thinking that he meant getting a team together, all these guys and playing that well together right off the bat.
akron doesn't have a pro team.
someone's watching the knicks lakers game ;)
this would have been worth a shit if lebron didn't drop 51 points on the magic last time they met.
when aflallo hit that shot last night (thursday vs the mavs) i think harlan shit himself. i think it's a push though. and marv's "hair" is fantastic.

edit: the dagger!!!
i hope 91 is retired by the bulls next and then an induction in the hall of fame.
thats one more then i thought he ever made
i think it should say "fuck", he's just so foul-mouthed.


but very good.
after his pissing, moaning, and drama he did the last few years with the cavs you want him back?  i figured by now you guys would really press for carmelo anthony to replace him.
are you kidding me? given the choice?

it's always an athlete's choice as to what city they play in. it would happen time and time again if everyone wanted to do this.
trade bosh for nene.  there you go!
more like 'melol since the knicks and nuggets seem to be having a hard time putting something together.
i would like to see this trade go through.
not happening now that sloan is gone.  the jazz will do everything in their power to keep him there.  tell the knicks front office to quit clowning around and give up somebody like gallinari to acquire carmelo.
i love how pippen just straight up tells it like it is, no pussyfooting around.
possibility of 3 way trade though?
yeh given the choice. most nba players get traded, alot of times against their wishes to places they don't wanna go. in the case of lebron, or any other superstar like carmelo, they have the luxury and leverage of being able to negotiate where they want to get traded to or where they want to get signed to. the majority of nba players dont have that.

thus, lebron, given the choice, went to play with his friends.
it will suck for him if he ends up being 5'8" with a 12" vertical.
this is just ridiculous. nba players at some point always have the choice. there are free agents every year and hardly ever do you hear about them all joining up together and signing in the same place.

malone and payton did it and lebron, bosh, wade and big z did it. how often else has it happened?
gallinari's a baller tho. we know we have to do it, but we're not *thrilled* about it.
 he did a windmill of the backboard  bouncing the ball under his legs backwards, then i think he did a elbow in the rim too, there's a bunch of him on youtube in hs contests 
yeah i have it (the international one) and the ad breaks with the same music playing over and over is pretty damn annoying, not sure if i will buy it again
hands down my favorite man down quote.  love to say it on the court.  how do i get a nba logo?
also i don't want to pay more for the playoffs/finals - that blows
just hit the easy button!
i think there's something to be said for having everyone play the position they're best suited to rather than just starting your 5 best players though.
i wouldn't be thrilled about it either if i were a knicks fan.  gallinari is a great shooter.  don't be afraid of it, though.  just do it.
without the ads, you would have to pay a hell of a lot more for the service though.  
"two and a half players"

'nuff said.
mmmm tasty.
hope it happens.
cavs are 2 minutes away from blowing yet another win
to be honest, i'd rather them lose this game which would make sunday's cavs vs wizards game so much more awesome. they would definitely deserve to win though for the way they've played tonight.
can someone explain this?
come on cavs, hold on!
comon cavs!

noooo 108-108
tied with 0:57 left

either way, it's gonna be close.
context?
well, let's keep in mind he's 7 ft 1 3,000 pounds. he's not supposed to be near the three point line. i give him credit for making one
overtime?
i'm not even from cleveland and this hurts to watch.
tied with 6 seconds to go!
anyone have a stream?
what a game!  i know everyone wants the cavs to break their streak, but i pulling for the clippers.   
couldn't think of a more appropriate team for the cavs to end their streak of futility to.
overtiiiiime! that's at least something.
what a fucking block wow amazing
but i think there is a tactical component with blake griffin. it's all competitiveness. 
it was an uncalled goaltending according to the replay. however, that kind of call isn't reviewable. bullshit.
that block hopefully will put the cavs on beast mode for ot.
fisher
dat ass!
come on clippers! let's get the historic game i've been looking forward to on sunday with the cavs vs wiz.
i know that cavs wiz would be must see tv
never count a pro team out. never. whether it's the cavs or my clippers. way to blow your load prematurely. 
may the hungrier team win
pm a mod and i'm sure they'd be able to help you out. i think there's a thread where you request it, but i am unable to find that.
wasn't even close to a block.... guess they don't want to end a game on a goaltending.
just one period of 5min.
celtics 2 please
man, we shoulda had it at the end of regulation. atlanta all over again.
double ot?
shh. we shall not speak of that. 
foye with a 3! 
a new draw can force another period of ot...might happen in this game.
http://www.fromsportcom.com/v-0/18/52/v-185277.html
1 point lead. seems unlikely
[video](http://www.nba.com/lakers/news/071230_shortreaction.html)
and with jamison making that 3.
bullshit. 
congrats cavs. 
fucking clippers. i knew this was going to happen
and foye almost made that 3.
i saw it coming in, amazing.
someone had to be the team to break the streak, not surprisingly it was the clippers.
looking forward to the cavs 26 winning streak now.
i feel reliefed for the cavaliers' fans.
anyone else think that jameson deserves a statue for this performance? at least a golden plate imo :)
how was it the right call?
only the clippers and vinny del negro could do this.  putting together a coach that is such a fail, with a franchise that is such a fail, results in stuff like this.

blake griffin, get out when you can.  follow in the former clippers #1 draft pick, the kandi man, and take the qualifying offer and then get the hell out of clippers land.
congrats cavs. you may have robbed us of an awesome cavs-wizards game, but you finally got there and played a solid game!
fuck yea!
fuck yea!
fuckkkkkk!!! yyyeeaaa!!!!!
i thought the clippers were "back"
except when a 6 time nba champion does it...
ahhhh come on. hot streaks go cold. i'm not a fan of the clippers but they're decent this season. 
lakers please
***fuck yeah***
i'm glad they got over the hump, but as a friend of mine just pointed out, they could still lose 26 straight again.
funny how when mcdyess got the tip in all the laker haters tried to tell me that it was a re-viewable play and that the refs did in fact review it.

what happened to those rules tonight?
yeah!....they got their 9th win in the 2nd half of the season
they're 20-33 after this loss, 13th out of 15 teams in the western conference, and have vinny del negro as their coach.

the clippers still suck.  blake griffin is good, but that's all....and eric gordon.  but the team has no depth, and some injured and washed up stars.
in terms of the bigger picture, i'm sure the whole influence came out of ny. but, this lame-ass style has been the norm in portland since the mid 90's, unfortunately.
i don't mean to rain on the cavs parade, but that sure looked like a goaltend at the end of regulation.
haha, "sigh" is really the only word for it.  it's the same crossover-jumpshot for nick young every time.  

pass it to yiiiiiiiii
whoever downvoted you is a hater. haters burn in hell. bring it! you can downvote, but we are winners!!!!!
it's not about heart or anything, it's a game on the line and the cavs should never get the benefit of the doubt because they blow cock. i'm not a clipper fan by any means but that was the correct call. too close to make a decision that would decide the game. instead of possibly making the wrong call and saying it was goal tending, it better to let them play in overtime. 
it was so obvious though. i wouldn't be upset if it was a fair win, you guys played a great game.
celtics problem. like everyone's been saying is the 2-3 position. i think that the celtics should look at detroit with eyes wide open and get either prince or rip. both can shoot. both can win. both play decent deffense. both would come off the bench. both are low risk high reward.
no amount of downvotes can erase this victory! let a thousand slaves be sacrificed for this glorious occasion!
he reminds me a lot of vince carter. hopefully he doesn't waste all of his prime years on bad teams like carter did. 
how can you come back to somewhere you never were?
eh, i think the fans in portland are a bit on the soft side when it comes to forgiving and forgetting, so imo if jerry sloan got the head coaching job with the blazers, it would be met with much more praise than criticism. 

the fans would be happy just to have a hall of fame head coach running the show, and knowing that we got the enemy's general on our side - hehe. 

honestly, though, i doubt sloan would concede as much power to paul allen, as allen demands. isn't that the whole reason sloan leaving utah -- because his authority is being usurped?

so really, the last part of my previous comment was more or less tongue in cheek.
no, it definitely wasn't obvious. i thought it was a 100% block the first time i saw it then when i saw the replay it was a 50/50 call. the correct call was to make no call
we shall dine with the gods and this victory will pave the path to the shining light of conquest and glory! let it be known, the cavs are victorious!
if people hate cleveland, we'll burn their rivers too!
the best part isn't even the headline.  it's pip calling bosh half a player.  love it.
you can't explain that
well, it's about time. lol.
i wanted the clippers to win this just so we can have an epic wizards vs cavs game. battle of the un-win-ables. i guess it'll still be awesome, but not as awesome.
i'm waiting for http://www.didthecavswinlastnight.com/ to change it's code.
and a missed over-the-back call before jamison hit that three. congrats to cavs, nevertheless.
yay! congrats cavs!
can we get a wizards logo right there -------&gt;

reddit is a lucky charm :)

the heat aren't goingto win 69 games.  and they will never win over 70.  their salary is too tied up into three players to get decent depth.  unless of course you think big z, eddie house, mike miller, chalmers, arroyo, dampier, howard, all make up a good bench.  oh wait.  they don't.  let alone that chalmers inexplicably starts.
no need to pussyfoot around when you've got rings on six of your ten fingers.
i wonder what words scottie would use to describe [hue hollins](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hue_hollins).
mind = blown!
as a longtime clips fan who has experienced treating one victory like a championship many times before, i extend my congratulations.  now please beat the wizards and the lakers so my team can salvage some bit of self-respect!
i beliefed in them before the game started.
two in a row, two in a row
source: cavs still have 'pretty good chance' of making eastern conference playoffs
lol, check again.
i actually cried of happiness... wow i'm lame. but still so excited!!
i'm not sure, ask the clipper fans that!
there's also jason collins, and i like having zaza's energy coming off the bench.
fisher has a huge ass.
this was against the celtics for the first time after they assembled their big 3. they played like shit in the 1st half and then changed into regular shorts for the second.
vince carter could only dream of having the work ethic that griffin appears to possess. 
that gif is hilarious. 
hmm. mo williams comes back, cavs win. coincidence? i think not.
everybody knows that artest wears short shorts.
what is this in reference to?
a missed call in a professional basketball game?

what?!?
i remember thinking jr smith was a selfish ball-hog that takes too many bad shots.  has he grown up, or does he still play the same way?
and it was all because of us!
gus johnson, but that's another discussion.
...and get a... a... win streak?
cavs/wizards is still going to be epic.
i'll admit nergos' sucks but they'd be a much better team in the eastern conference.
sports needs more of this. i'm tired of interviews being all politically correct. i just want kobe to go on the record and say something bad about everything related to boston
i need the wizards to win on sunday so that i can have *my* "championship" win. congratulations to the cavs though. 
karma whore, real fans make a self post with 6 mins left in the 4th, recap included.

dude. seriously, shut up with all the clipper hate. no one said they were 'back'. wtf would they be back from? they are a young talented team. after tonight's loss, they still have a brighter future than cleveland. the cavs were bound to win. unfortunately it was against a franchise familar with their plight. 
i may get downvoted for this, but really, why is everyone on the bandwagon for mediocrity? scratch that, it's not even mediocrity. it's failure. why are we celebrating this? we should be scratching our heads that a coach as good as byron scott has had such a dismal season... i thought they'd do better this year, despite the loss of lebron
&gt;cavs losing streak comes to an end.

ah that's ok cavs, you can start a whole other one starting next game!

i kid.
i'm much happier with him doing this in a game rather than some silly past-its-prime contest.
is there an espn ad with him in it? i was hoping that's was this was.
i love watching him throw down but the dunk contest was just embarrassing. he does better stuff in game. btw, we're going to get that second 3peat this year
that was embarrassing but he's just not that showy dunker, and does he really want to be? vc sure brought the house down and is a legend but it sucks if he's on your team. and i agree on that 3peat!
after they beat the heat and lakers a few weeks back most people thought it was the turning point of the season and of the franchise. there were people out there thinking about play-offs at that point.
i'm just saving the thread, as i've already asked the question a couple of years ago. the best answer so far is [this torrent tracker](http://bt.davka.info). i hope there is a better solution.
isn't gordon out? for a few more weeks?
shut your dirty mouth!

that is only when we were good...!
or anyone in the dunk contest last year? that was by far the worst one i have watched yet.
that would actually be a really solid trade. nene would give them the low post presence they need and even though bosh's numbers are decent this year, he's not even remotely useful in the post compared to a lot of other big men in the league.
hmm for the bulls, not sure. i would kind of like another sg, but there's not many options that don't require us to give up taj gibson or omer asik, both of which will become very important to us come playoffs time. other than that, there's james johnson, who's lighting it up in the d-league, for whatever that's worth. 

i'm actually more concerned about loul deng playing so many minutes anyways. personally, i think we should have either korver or brewer start and have bogans move over to the sf position. once noah gets back, give thomas some rest and get asik some more minutes, then come playoff time, bring out a rested thomas coming in for noah. 

who's with me bulls fans? 
if you don't trade melo, and his contract expires, he can go to any team he wants and you get nothing for it except for the cap space next year.
hopefully this'll help detroit get back to their former glory. while the pistons were fucking assholes against my bulls in the late 80s/early 90s, they played some hard ball and i respect them for that. they also had some amazing runs in the 00s, and ben wallace is one of my favorite players of all-time, who just so happens to be a piston.

anyways, let's hope this guy can do some good for the pistons.
knicks 2 please
where the fuck are these flow charts coming from?
it looks like billups' contract for next year is not guaranteed either, so the nuggets could just have only ~$26m on the books if they let everyone walk.  with a potential lockout looming, i don't know if it's preferable to be way under the cap or what.  there's no guarantee that having cap room will land you big free agents though.  if denver lets all their best players go, will free agents flock there just for the paycheck?  it's a risky gamble.
injuries, man. injuries. 
i hereby propose that we stop pitying the fucking cleveland cavaliers.

it's annoying for the other teams that are actually doing very well, and it's insulting to the cleveland fans who deserve more respect than a condescending pat on the head for being "good sport"... this is the nba, bring your best game or go home. now that the streak is over, i'm gonna wish the cavs lose every remaining game of the season and i hope you wish the same to my team.

play on!
"don't be the raptors don't be the raptors don't be the raptors..."

phew, it was the clippers.
pippen is right on. glad he notes the bosh/lebron discrepancy. lebron has been posting numbers that, were he not so disliked, would be recognized as all-time great numbers.
sir phil jackson does not give a fuck.
as strange as it sounds, i would be okay with that. no fans should suffer!
made me realize that the cavs really need him. although sessions is getting better, he can't seem to distribute the ball like mo.
it's fun lighten up. am i really *that* excited that we won. no. our season is horrible, but the loss streak was funny. 
as i said below, it's all in good fun. lighten up. no one is really *that* excited, it was just funny.
is the comic sans an homage to gilbert?
team to beat in the nba now.  fuck yeah!  los angeles who?
not sure if the streak was funny per say. the point i was trying to make is that i don't want to pity the cavs. yes they are having a tough season and they've seen better days but it's no reason to pity them incessantly.

the fact that you are yourself a cavs supporter makes the request more acceptable i guess. i'd much rather see the /r/nba logo get changed later in the season when the cavs hit a 10 game win streak than right now.
meh on kmart, but the melo trade is to keep them from losing a player for nothing. also, the cap space may become worthless
it cancels out how he has only been going through the motions for the last month and a half. 
if i remember correctly espn's predictions for 8th and 9th in the east this year were the wizards and the cavs (i might be wrong on the cavs). i realise that predictions are only that, predictions, but damn.
an excellent decision. my only question is how does monroe keep the jersey number?
as a former cross country and track runner, they aint got shit on runners.
awwww look at the mini-shaq!!!!!
zyrdunas
*fuck yeah*!
which team is going to raise his wedding dress into the rafters?
this happened on the bulls too when bob love retired #10 while bj armstrong was still wearing it on the roster.  once he left, no one could ever wear it again.
billups has already said he wants to finish his career in denver since he is a native of the city. the only way he is leaving if it is in a carmelo trade and even if he will likely return to denver when his contract expires, assuming he doesn't just retire.
you just don't want to see the tribute to ray allen gone so soon from the logo! :p

in my opinion, it would be weird to congratulate the worst team in the nba for breaking badness.  let's just leave it as a side picture above the search bar.
cross country/track runner here too.  you mean you actually quit?  what the fuck, man?  don't you miss it?

i enjoy less wind resistance with how short running shorts are and don't get the draw to wearing super baggy shorts that basketball players wear today, besides a little protection from floor-burn.
i was sitting behind that basket...  that dunk was crazy.  thought he had no shot of catching it and it was going over his head.  
cavs 2 please 
quoting an article i read, "the organization will allow monroe to wear the no. 10 for the remainder of his career with the pistons."
i think you're right. i watched the interview on espn with pippen, and he said that it was disrespectful to say miami would get it this season. pippen does think that they have the potential to beat it in in a few years if they work hard enough. he was mainly just insulted that someone would say a team that just formed together would beat the record in their first season. 
that was disgusting.
yup, came here to say the same thing lol
cavs traded shannon brown away for basically nothing.
you misspelled jesus shuttlesworth
"this video is private". 

i'll just have to imagine what he's saying.  

concentrate on your studies, young man.
i will never for the life of me understand how bos was able to acquire garnett and allen without giving up pierce.

cost the cavs two championships.
thanks. i'll do that.
i sprained my ankle ten times and had to get surgery. i miss it, but i don't want to be crippled all my life.
i've always felt when players (current or former) say that about good/great shooters, what they really mean is "i sure hope it's an issue of talent, because otherwise there's no reason i couldn't have been that guy."

lol at cavs for everything. congrats on your 9th win this season
i think the last thing anyone would want to do is piss off lebron. that being said we all know he's not the white knight in the league but to take a shot at his mother is pretty low..
we had to throw brown in for the bulls to take hughes.

mike brown wouldn't give shannon any minutes.
even though the ray allen tribute is adorable, i have to agree.  we need a crossed out 27 up there.  rumors of a clippers revival have been greatly exaggerated.
pity?  this idea is the ultimate in mockery! 
wasn't sober typing that, but you get the spirit of it all.
good call. one of the greatest pistons ever and one of the best rebounders to have ever played the game. 
to put it in lakers terms it'd be like if bynum was hurt and they started ratliff and gasol instead of the odom and gasol court they had at the start of the season.
why is this news worthy? lebron handled it fine imo
except the heat (i kid, i kid)
problem was, he was playing with lebron in cleveland.  

in los angeles, he plays with kobe.

`troll`
lol that's funny i just realized even though i hate lebron with all my heart it still pisses me off when people say kobe is better.
i meant from a cap perspective and i hope you're right in that case, but now i just thought from an age persepective. if there is a lockout that results in a hard cap and we skip a year i think age would hurt the celtics, lakers and spurs the most. the heat and thunder are young enough to shrug off a missed year for instance.
he's was 22 as a freshman in college, and then he stayed 2 years
lebron took a shot at his mother. sit yo ass down.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu6vhnccurg

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wezq_4-xt00
this record is almost unbreakable, at least for the forseeable future. i don't think any active player in the league right now is on any sort of pace to break it. so it's going to have to be a new player coming into the league, and it will take this hypothetical player his entire career to break it. so it won't be broken for at least 15-16 years. not only that, ray still looks like he can play another 4-5 years and just keep building on it.
jeff is a jackass.

listen to his commentating during the phx vs. bos game where phoenix embarrassed them. he spent the whole time ragging on the suns and making excuses for boston. 
excellent. it's a shame he isn't in the hall of fame, but i believe one day he will be there. 
cavaliers
they have a team option on him for 14m.  i'd bet they'd cut him loose to save that money and offer him a 2-3 year deal worth maybe 8m/per.  then it's up to chauncey to decide if he can earn more elsewhere if he wants to.
more info on the [dance](http://vimeo.com/19150613)
it's just so sad that fans have to resort to this type of garbage. there's nothing wrong with booing or heckling a player for missing a shot -- in fact, that's a big part of the home court advantage. but to insult a player's mother in front of his two young children? what a classless and cowardly display

it really is ridiculous that fans feel that because they paid money for their tickets, that they have carte blanche to just berate these athletes for their personal lives. not to say there's not a lot of asshole players in the nba for that matter, but still, stuff like this is really uncalled for.
lol at lebron being an overall better player than kobe. that's just unfucking true
oh wow, sorry to hear that.  i've rolled my ankles quite a few times throughout my 11 years of running.  i don't know how i've never sprained either at least once.

am i safe to assume you live in ohio?  i did an aau race once in kettering.  99% of it was all mud.  there was no way you could pick up a steady stride or pass anybody.
he is better. 

kobe has the killer instinct and the better teams. he is also a better shooter.

lebron has the better size, strength and skills.  kobe can't rebound or dish out assists like lebron and lebron can score just as efficiently as kobe.
celtics 2 please!
the heckling fan "said he was offended by james' cursing" hypocrite much
that's not actually d-rose.  that's [kemo from footworkingz in chicago](http://www.footworkingz.com/breathe/about-us/kemo/).

thanks for the videos though.  i didn't know this went on in the south side neighborhoods.  i kind of want to learn to do this now.
because he was naive enough to think he could control what fans say about him.  especially pistons fans.
i agree with you on how classless certain fans get, but lebron doesn't show much class either.  your argument would hold its ground better if this happened to tim duncan, derrick rose, or grant hill.

even if some people have no class, why shouldn't they be able to say what they want?  most of them paid for their tickets.  as long as they're not throwing things or stomping onto the court where they don't belong, they have their right.

edit: i should mention that people might get kicked out by ushers eventually if they're too obnoxious around others trying to watch the game, but still.
i think a year off might not be that bad for the lakers, actually.  they're an older team, but their key guys aren't so old that they're threatening to fall off the cliff.  they're more at that age where a year off might reinvigorate them.  boston's big 3 and manu and duncan would probably be far more affected by missing a year due to their ages than kobe, gasol, odom and artest would.

but as i said, almost every team is over the salary cap (which is at $58m) now.  if the league has its way and enforces a $45m hard cap, something just doesn't compute.  all those salaries are gonna have to go somewhere, so my guess is the hard cap would apply to new signings, rather than forcing teams to just waive players left and right.  honestly though, i don't think the nba is gonna get that hard cap.  i think the players will hold out until that's off the table.
as jwoey said, the nuggets could just opt out of that last year and try to re-sign billups to a far more reasonable deal, it doesn't mean they have to get rid of him entirely.
til: manute bol attempted [91 3-point shots](http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/bolma01.html) in the 1988-1999 season.

edit: 1988-1989 season.
i don't see anything wrong with that.  he gets booed at home!  nobody should be booed by their home fans.  

edit:  unless they aren't trying/ suck.  which he doesn't.  
zaza pachulia is a hell of a lot better than theo ratliff, but also odom is a starter-quality player that they can bring in to fill that hole, so it's a different situation.  a better comparison would be if the lakers didn't have gasol or bynum, then they'd probably play theo ratliff alongside odom rather than force odom to try to play center (the lakers used to do this, starting kwame brown at center alongside odom back when bynum was still a teenager).

another example is that right now if the lakers wanted to put their 5 best players on the floor to start, they could slide kobe over to point guard and have odom start as a sort of ball handling shooting guard and go with bynum, gasol, artest, odom and bryant as their starting five.  the lakers *could* make that work, with kobe and odom being good enough ball handlers to bring the ball up and initiate the offense, but phil jackson doesn't do it because it shifts a couple players into playing out of their normal positions where they're best suited.
manute bol had a stroke. perfect backspin on that baby.
yes, 1 on 1, lebron is better but that doesn't make him a better player. and don't even use the better team argument, lebron fucking failed in the playoffs last year, he failed. that's the difference between him and kobe. 
that spin move was cool.
sigh, typical espn sensationalist headline.

**no!!!**

with how bad of shape his knees are in and how slow he is compared to guys 20 years younger than him, he can't come back and expect to have any impact.
i would say "fuck yea", but if he came back and sucked it would taint his image. his airness has probably still got the moves, but i don't think his knees could take it.
at least he handled piston fans' cheap shit better than ron artest. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgmjmy7gqpu
&gt; they've asked the players to sign up for a $45 million hard cap with no exceptions, 3 percent raises with four-year max deals, and rollbacks of existing contracts to fit this new version of nhl 2.0 nirvana.

that is a shitty ass deal and i hope the players hold out.
he's been tearing it up the last two weeks or so. averaging 33 points a game since the 31st of jan and he's been shooting 56% from the field.
most of his issues with the dunk contest were the stupid ass rules. 
i can't believe the owners are that stupid, that they would think the players would accept a hard cap that is less than the current soft cap.  if they were to set a hard cap, it should at least be around the luxury tax threshold.

but i'm not a big fan of a hard cap. look at what happened to the blackhawks from last year to this year.  the current nba system allows for teams to build and maintain contenders.  a hard cap would definitely add parity, but why punish teams that do a good job management wise?

if the owners want to stop losing so much money, than they need to stop giving players stupid contracts.  it's as simple as that.
coughcoughjoejohnsoncoughrudygaycough
six in a *row*. 

in one *half*.
that still doesn't explain why he was a 22 year old college freshman. 
it's not really as impressive when it's done by a guard who is known to be a good shooter. but if you want to play that game, [ben gordon has you beat](http://www.nba.com/games/20060414/waschi/recap.html). a perfect 9-9 in one game. unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be any working video of it.

edit: [here is video](http://boss.streamos.com/wmedia/nba/nbacom/recaps/recap_1184_waschi.asx)
in-fucking-deed. no one even cares about interviews anymore. players have been so well coached into giving answers that it's just freaking boring. what's the point of them if they're just talking like republicans repeating a talking points memo?
&gt; the cavaliers still have a few losing streaks alive. they’ve dropped 26 consecutive road games, 16 straight games to teams with winning records and 13 straight games to eastern conference opponents.

not quite the same, but still something to work with.
i've said this before but one of my most profound childhood experiences was meeting manute in d.c. at a family gathering. he was a family friend and fellow countryman. most people don't realize the amount of good he's done for his people and he really deserves recognition for that. plus he was a beast playing with the bullets.
i miss the raptor's old homecourt! dang that's snazzy
i was a huge fan of the bulls back during their championship years...watched every single game. on top of that, i'm not a miami fan... i've always thought wade, bosh, and lebron never played up to their hype. but, i can confidently say that 69 wins for miami is entirely possible within the next couple of years. don't forget, the bulls bench wasn't anything spectacular. miami has a very solid bench-underrated imo. i'll take those players you listed over the likes of john salley, dickey simpkins, jason caffey, and jud beuchler. all the bulls really had on their bench that made a difference was steve kerr and toni kukoc.
that contract gives me nightmares, ulcers, and nightmares about ulcers. if they can't keep josh i will be muy triste.
who cares about karma?
he didn't fail. he straight up quit. if the team went onto the finals he couldn't leave without getting criticized. so he threw the series
failing = quitting. lebron knows the only way to win a ring is to pair up with another superstar, dwayne wade and their little bitch bosh
i agree with you somewhat. lbj pissed off a ton of people this summer and i understand why some fans consider him classless. hell, i'd have to say that i don't really care for the guy's character myself and i'm a heat fan. there's a ton of ammo that visiting fans could use against him: "le-brick", "witless", abandoning his batman role in cleveland to become wade's robin, etc. a crowd is capable of being hostile while still respecting a player's family and personal life -- the two are not mutually exclusive.

at the root of it, nba games are supposed to be a family-friendly atmosphere. after all, basketball is just a game. have we sunk so low as a culture that nothing is off-limits to say to someone if they are rich and famous? because their lives are assumed to be better than ours, it becomes socially acceptable to say whatever the hell we want to them? players take a lot of bullshit from fans but there's absolutely a line that shouldn't be crossed. lbj's kids were sitting courtside and this drunk asshole is making fun of their grandmother for her sexual exploits to their father's face...how can anyone possible condone such behavior?
well you're right that lebron probably thinks this.  but last years cavs team was good enough to win it all.
i'll take jordan/pip/rodzilla over bron/wade/bosh any day of the week.  and i'd take toni kukoc (who won sixth man of the year when they won 72 games mind you) over anyone outside of the heats main three.  ron harper was also pretty good on bench duty.  steve kerr, luc longley, etc.  

i would still say the bulls have better depth than the heat.  the heat are one injury away from being back to a first round and done team.
he made absolutely **zero** indication he was going to come back and the players and coach were just joking around when they said they wished he would come back. espn read waaaayyyy too much into it.
jordan got six threes in a half... but blazers fans already knew that.

¯\/(°_°)\/¯
no kidding, i have a feeling d-will will be traded at the end of this year. utah fans are not happy with him, even if he claims he had nothing to do with it.
i hate lebron, hate his ego, hate his lack of class - but he handled this perfectly.
&gt; a crowd is capable of being hostile while still respecting a player's family and personal life -- the two are not mutually exclusive.

no argument here about that.  i agree.

&gt; at the root of it, nba games are supposed to be a family-friendly atmosphere.

i realize that, but it's hard to keep things family-friendly with guys like latrell sprewell, stephon marbury, allen iverson, kevin garnett, ron artest (who has been better), stephen jackson, etc.

&gt; after all, basketball is just a game. have we sunk so low as a culture that nothing is off-limits to say to someone if they are rich and famous? because their lives are assumed to be better than ours, it becomes socially acceptable to say whatever the hell we want to them?

when people get drunk, they think the rules don't apply to them.  as long as they're handled appropriately, that's all you can expect.

&gt; players take a lot of bullshit from fans but there's absolutely a line that shouldn't be crossed. lbj's kids were sitting courtside and this drunk asshole is making fun of their grandmother for her sexual exploits to their father's face...how can anyone possible condone such behavior?

i wasn't at the game, but if he got real bad, i bet lebron's wife could have signaled for an usher and probably had him kicked out.
hey, i'm a knicks fan. we had the last loss to the cavs before you guys came along.  we also lost to you guys on wednesday. although we have better records than both of you, it's just because of the flukey 13-1 stretch we had.
there was rumors this past summer that the bulls were considering signing johnson.  since jerry reinsdorf (bulls owner) is usually fiscally conservative, i can see why he wouldn't come.
&gt; even if some people have no class, why shouldn't they be able to say what they want?

i don't think anyone's trying to take away that right, but rather just pointing out that there's no need to be a jackoff. professional athletes are human beings, too. you wouldn't talk like that to your grocer or mechanic (especially if they young children were standing there), so why talk like that to a professional athlete?
um, he wasn't trying to control what fans say about *him*, but rather what they say about his mother while his two kids are sitting there.
longley and harper were mainly starters during the '96 season. and you're right, i'd also take jordan, pippen, and rodman over the miami big 3. but there really is no argument to be made about how the bulls had a better bench than miami, it's simply not true. i don't care how delusional of a fan you are (believe me, i was a huge fan back then), it's just not true.

with that said, the league was a lot better back in those years than it is now which is another reason why i think miami has a legitimate chance at 69 wins. i'm not saying they'll break the bulls record but anything is possible. if they do break 72 wins, that doesn't even mean that miami is better, they're not. the bulls not only had a much more talent in their starting line-up, they also had much better chemistry. they grew together rather than being forced together which makes a much better team in the long run.
he looks so fragile
that's exactly what i'm saying, his team was good enough to win it all but for some reason james didn't come through, he gave up. you didn't see kobe doing that, kobe was solid the past 2 championships and he's playing pretty damn well right now.

to me james is a complete dumbass for joining wade. lebron is good enough to win a championship on his own, without another superstar but he's so desperate for a ring, he'll join wade's team
i don't know if i would go ahead and call them starters.  they all averaged less than thirty minutes a game that year.  it's like calling big z the starting center for the heat, even though he only plays like ten minutes a game.

and i reiterate that i don't think they have that great of a shot, especially with orlando on the up (yes i still believe that trade was for their best interests), the bulls on the crazy up, the pacers for some strange reason have been giving the heat all sorts of trouble, and i believe they are pretty young, which is something the heat outside of bosh and lebron really are not.  wade is 29, and tends to miss games every year.  i don't see wade being the guy that's worth 16-22 million dollars/year that he'll be getting the next few years.  their cap space is going to be getting smaller and smaller with the big 3's yearly pay raises, along with mike miller's rising salary for the next three years, means the heat will have less and less wiggle room to sign the rest of the team.  i believe the three of them alone in three years will be 65 million on the cap.
lebron averages about 2 more rebounds per game. considering kobe's a guard and lebron's a forward with a significant size advantage, plus kobe plays with a front court of odom, gasol, and bynum. given all that plus age difference, i'm more impressed by kobe's numbers.

i'll actually say lebron is more efficient scoring than kobe just by nature of their respective positions and styles. lebron is a sf who primary scores by driving or layups, kobe is primarily a jumpshooter but with huge versatility. but then you run into more complications of comparing a guard to a forward. you can't say a guard isn't efficient because he doesn't score as well as an inside scorer. kobe's role is primarily to be a jumpshooter, and he often, because of that role, has to bail them out if the offensive set doesn't work out and take shots with a higher degree of difficulty. and a jumpshot, just by it's nature, is a less efficient shot than a layup.

my opinion is that especially now comparing ages, lebron has more impact and is more efficient offensively. but kobe's the better overall player still. he has a better offensive arsenal, his post-game is still leaps ahead of lebron's which is ridiculous considering lebron's athletic gifts, he's still a better on-man defender, stronger mentally, and personally i think assist stats hide the fact that kobe's the better playmaker. lebron's assists are inflated due to his ball dominance and that same ball dominance can hurt the team offensively. kobe doesn't get as many assists due to the nature of the triangle offense, which works against individual playmaking, but his ball iq is amazing. watch him purposely lure the extra defender (or defenders), load up the strong side, then kick it out to someone who's in a position to make the best move. often times, it takes two quick passes before getting the basket, so no assist for kobe, but he initiated that whole offensive play. watch him and gasol when they run pick and roles to perfection. lebron's a great passer, a better passer than kobe even, but he's not on the same level as a playmaker.
i'm so happy that he's off of the lakers team. :]
&gt; there's no need to be a jackoff. professional athletes are human beings, too. you wouldn't talk like that to your grocer or mechanic (especially if they young children were standing there), so why talk like that to a professional athlete?

i'm all for the level of boos and cheers while sober.  as i mentioned in another reply, when people get drunk, they think the rules don't apply to them.  naturally, you wouldn't talk to your grocer or mechanic that way because you want them to help you.  people do it to try to get in the head of the opposing players.  it's a shame that one fan decided to make it personal, but it seemed to work since lebron confronted him.
great post. when it comes down to it in the 4th quarter, i want kobe on my team, he will find a way for the team to score, not just himself. perfect example is game 4 of the 2009 finals. kobe had some great assists at the end of the game which the lakers ending up winning.

the intention was still focused around him.
sasha just admitted why he'll never be the nets' main scorer.  he's too big of a pussy to do it.  it's a shame he's that weak mentally because otherwise, i think he'd be a dangerous top league scorer instead of spending his time whining and flopping.
that's a long fuckin season.
there's no way you can say lebron has more skill than kobe.

it says alot when kobe has more post moves than lebron who's a physical beast.



like what rules?
this video perfectly explains why kobe is simultaneously loved by laker fans and hated by everyone else.  great link  :)
thinking about ai makes me sad.  if the guy hadn't been such an egomaniac and had been willing to sacrifice anything of himself for the team, the guy could have probably been a multiple champion and would almost surely still be playing in the nba.  what a waste of talent.
you and me both.  i don't at all miss the way he'd come into the game and almost immediately pick up some horrible foul while guarding someone out near halfcourt.
yeah, i'm quite surprised he didn't ignore it or insult the guy.

lebron did a great job with this and i'm sure others will agree that this is the prime example on how to handle hecklers. 
... but you didn't do it without gasol. [trollface]
no kidding. this fan sounds like such a whiner. i guess his virgin ears just couldn't handle it. don't dish it out if you can't take it. 
slightly off topic but how fast does this mobile app kill your battery?
i could write a top 40 pop song too, i just won't sell out like that. i have musical integrity.
definitely could be edited! but damn he was big
upon further inspection, he's also tied for second most 3pt attempts in a single game at 20 (7 makes). the record was 21 by damon stoudamire (5 makes).
bad travel call on manute.
it's not that confusing.  if you look at the numbers right next to it, that was the only year he was a regular starter.  he played way more minutes than he did in the other seasons.
wouldn't worry about it. watching an hour of streaming video takes a bunch of juice. no fault of the app.
well in that case why was he a 22 year old college freshman.
[they're throwback jerseys.](http://www.amazon.com/angeles-lakers-jerry-swingman-jersey/dp/b004inhj5y%3fsubscriptionid%3dakiajkqqvhhbzosoadwa%26tag%3dthrowbackjerseydeals-20%26linkcode%3dxm2%26camp%3d2025%26creative%3d165953%26creativeasin%3db004inhj5y)
yeah the start of the season on 2k11 before ron artest ate crow in the game ratings i'd play giant ball with the lakers (fyi i usually play with the lakers, celtics, magic, spurs and clippers) and start kobe at pg, artest at sg, odom at sf, gasol at pf and bynum at center and dominate the boards. in game not to many teams have the tools to counter that and it was pretty fun before ron artest died. unless a lighting quick sf, pg or sg was involved it usually worked out pretty well.
woooooooow. i think los spurs are a little pissed about their game last night. 
&gt; … if that's the case and kobe has so much help shouldn't his usage rate be lower and gasol, odom and bynum's be a bit higher?

you’re right and kobe’s has been steadily dropping while gasol’s, odom’s, and bynum’s (barring this season due to injury) have been steadily rising the past several seasons.

lebron only dropped by 1 fga-pg, 1 fta-pg, and over 3 ppg on about the same minutes. so lebron gets a superstar and an all-star teammate and only shoots about one and a half shots less (given a fouled shot attempt gets, on average, 2 fts), and even drops 1 apg as well, so it’s not cause he’s necessarily sharing more. meanwhile bosh dropped 2.5 fga and almost 3 fta, wade almost 2 fga, about same fta, so a combined loss of about 6 shots roughly. kobe, in the whole of the 07-08 season, which means half of this includes before gasol was a laker, dropped about 2 fga, 1 fta, and about 2 ppg. comparing kobe to this season so far and before he got gasol, he’s dropped almost 3.5 fga, 3.5 fta, and 6 ppg, or 5.25 shots per game roughly (almost the same as wade and bosh combined), as well as 7 mpg. this is with only one all-star added to the team. in gasol’s split 08 season, he dropped 2 fga after the trade but it has been rising every year. his fga are currently at 13.8, if the season were to end now, the 3rd highest of his career.

or to sum it up, playing with lebron cost wade and bosh 6 shots per game, and they’re still doing great. gasol, at his worst dropped 2 shots per game, and it’s now currently back at a high level. with bynum, who was the next player to significantly rise in shot attempts, being the trade piece, i think there’s plenty of room for melo – all the while kobe will be shooting less and less as he ages, unlike the heat, which has pretty much everybody in their primes.

&gt; ..your 3 and 5 description seems to not really matter that much

like i said in the previous post, phil adjusted it. but a traditional triangle runs off the 3 and 5. either way, point was the triangle minimizes ball handling and if you watch, kobe is off the ball more often than most people think. [this]( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcopibtrg-q) is a very traditional triangle offense set, notice kobe barely even touches it, guards play more of a spot up shooter role, though of course there are options for them to do differently. even in a triangle set which kobe scores like [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9siohdv78u), there are three quick passes and a lot of off the ball work on kobe’s part. lebron offense, meanwhile, mostly seems to consistent of drive, shoot or kick-out,  if that fails to work give it back to lebron on the perimeter, drive again..

&gt; lebron is an amazing creator who should have the ball is his hand as much as possible

lebron is a great passer, not the same as great playmaker.  his assists get inflated because he handles the ball so often. he is not deron, he is not magic. he plays best as a point-forward, but it’s very arguable if that’s the best for the team. it was his same ‘he should have the ball as much as possible’ attitude of mike brown’s playbook that kept getting the cavs playoff exits. and i’m sorry, the man plays with a superstar talent like wade and an allstar in bosh and apparently he should have the ball as much as possible yet if kobe and melo were to play together suddenly it’s they’re too selfish for it to work? sounds like rationalization for a double standard. maybe it explains why miami is the 4th worst in apg and lebron's apg dropped. don’t feed me teammates junk either, last season’s miami team had more assists.

&gt; this is the same guy who wanted tomjanovich to coach the lakers after he told him how much he plans to have kobe shoot in his offense.

that was in 04, right after both shaq and phil left. tomjanovich said kobe would be the focus of the offense, what’s wrong with that? you really think kobe should have picked a coach that would make caron butler the focus of the offense? either way i’m not arguing kobe’s had drama in the past, but that was 7 years ago in an entirely different context. you really don’t think he’s changed since then?
kobe and gasol won't take the year off, gasol would go to spain and be a home town hero and kobe would go off and play in italy because kobe like kg and jordan is a lifeless husk without basketball. i don't mean that in a bad way it's just how they're wired.

the nba lockout looks to be a bit scarier than the nfl lockout because the nfl lockout is stupid, the only legitimate beef the owners have is unproven rookies getting 40 mil+ and it really just boils down to greed and stupidity. 

the nba one involves a ton of legitimate beefs since the nba lost a shit ton of money last year. it's mostly the owners fault for overpaying players like eric dampier and jerome james. also factoring into this is that the nba players can go to europe and china this time so they don't have to worry about going broke unlike in 98. there are a ton of concerns here so i have a terrible feeling he's going that neither side will budge and there's going to be a canceled season.
damn me! thanks for the heads up, "helper."
but why not wear the road ones then? just seems weird seeing lakers in bright yellow on the road 
i can score from the three point line.
two days late?  no matter.

height/weight - 6'0, 165 lbs.

any plans to play on an organized team?  - yes.  my first intramural game is tomorrow.  we're the drunken basterds.

your best skills - three pointers and defense.  catch and shoot, catch and pass.  if i can avoid dribbling the ball, i will.

what needs work - ball handling.  i'm not slow or overly clumsy, but i hesitate too much, then dribble it off someone's foot.

nba player you model your game on - bruce bowen.  i always get a hand in their face, and am pretty good at reading eyes and picking off passes.
&gt; naturally, you wouldn't talk to your grocer or mechanic that way because you want them to help you.

no, you don't talk to your grocer or mechanic that way because they are fellow human beings, and we treat one another with a certain level of dignity and respect.

confucius say, "do not do to others that which we do not want them to do to us."

&gt; people do it to try to get in the head of the opposing players.

i think it has more to do with the fact that the fan feels that he has bought a ticket and therefore is entitled to such base behavior. they view the athlete as an entity for their own entertainment and conveniently disregard the fact that it is just another person, a person with a family, with feelings, and so on. and, yes, the alcohol certainly helps.

for the record, i have no problem with booing. that's part of the fan experience - go to a game, root for your team, and boo the opposing team. but a chorus of *booooo* is one thing, making offensive statements about a player's family (in front of his children, none the less) is sad, disrespectful, and shows the true character of the fan making the comments.
caron butler had his worst non-injured year as a laker so i wouldn't say to make him the focus of the offense but at least keep him involved a bit more. and he has changed but that was only after he realized that dropping 50 every other night on an 8 seed sucked and even then it was only after the lakers stole pau gasol (not getting on the lakers so much as chris wallace). you'd think the guy would be happy winning titles with shaq but i guess he needed a grass is greener lesson. even then you can tell it pops out of him from time to time when he has the "i'm kobe bryant bitch!" games against the spurs.

lebron has the best point ranking in the league for non-point guards so he has to be pretty high up there and come on look he had to do everything offensively because the cavaliers were secretly terrible in the lakers/cavaliers games the lakers had the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th best players in that game. it's not his fault and he shouldn't have to adjust his game that much because he's better than wade and wade should work off of him. you also have to remember that outside of the big 3 the heat are a terrible team so it's not like there are automatic assists involved. the heat have three unselfish players with no history of give me that damn ball syndrome, something kobe and melo have both had, although to be fair melo has beef because billups should give the ball to him in the fourth since his reputation is wildly over blown at this point.

when you think carmelo you don't think great passer, you think scoring with a dash of rebounding and that's it. while it wasn't a total disaster it just didn't work out that well when him and a.i. played together.

although kudos to you for the triangle commentary, i has a couple of misconceptions about it because of michael, kobe, the braxton mavs and the timberwolves.
&gt; no, you don't talk to your grocer or mechanic that way because they are fellow human beings, and we treat one another with a certain level of dignity and respect.

that's correct too.  i was just giving a useful reason because there's always a select few in life who don't seem to get the bigger picture.  we've all met at least one.

&gt; i think it has more to do with the fact that the fan feels that he has bought a ticket and therefore is entitled to such base behavior. they view the athlete as an entity for their own entertainment and conveniently disregard the fact that it is just another person, a person with a family, with feelings, and so on. and, yes, the alcohol certainly helps.

that's a plausible reason as well.  it happens all the time at comedy clubs.
man, i am so happy i don't have to root for this douche bag. 
interesting last shot...not sure whether to be more annoyed at quinn for letting it happen or the guy who did it.
almost gave you a look of disapproval, but then i looked it up and saw that he died of kidney failure... not a stroke.
having to include a teammate for one dunk. only being allowed two attempts to put a dunk down.

i understand chris andersen's year of 30 attempts caused them to change the rules, but give them at least 5 tries, maybe 90 seconds to try a dunk. don't penalize for not being able to get a dunk down on the first attempt too.
oh god i hate when people say this. at the clippers v bulls game we went to some bulls fan was a bit tipsy and talking so we joined in. he said something about how jordan had to do it alone and kobe needed shaq and pau to do it. i asked him how many times he won a title without pippen and he said twice.

teh fuck?!
regular world: jordan plays one drill with his own team.

espn world: jordan practices for his comeback at 50.
for what it's worth, the sixers are a team that the spurs always have trouble with. nevertheless embarrassing losses can do wonders for championship caliber teams. i still can't stand the spurs but it's hard to not respect them. 
that's what i'd call a strange looking shooting mechanic, i guess it's why he's a big fella. but it worked great.
who was the captain of the team before kobe? d. fish?
30 points on 60 shots baby
so is every laker fan. 
yea, fish was captain right after shaq left, then they became co-captains  and remained so ever since
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz6krio4aqa

it'll be a problem?

lol lebron.
i bet ya they ain't reading too far into it at all. they know what they're doing. they're just trying to make headlines, keep people paying attention. all sensationalism. 
yeah, don't disagree kobe's had maturity problems in the past, but shaq was just as bad and perhaps worse given he was the veteran, who refused to play defense if he didn't get fed in the post enough and had no work ethic in practice. as for "it pops out from time to time"? you can only bring up one game over and over it seems, the december spurs game, as if no other player has ever made the mistake of shooting too much in one game out of a season. that was an ugly game, but not like gasol or odom was heating up. not saying kobe did well but i think it was more him trying to keep them in the game somehow since it was slipping away fast than him wanting to get his shots in. either way much better than that great, 'oh lebron wasn't being selfish he was just showing up orlando for making fun of him' excuse a few posts back.

if that heat really had three unselfish players like that i would expect more assists. even if the bench was as bad as some claim, ball movement between the 'superfriends' should be enough to be better than 4th worst in the league. but i don't think the bench is even all that bad. there's no excuses with a core like that a bench who may not be great but is loaded with shooters who excel at giving others assists. they're that low because lebron's ball-dominant, point-forward style kills team ball. like i said before, it's drive, dunk or kick-out, and if no shot happens, pass back to the perimeter, drive again.. he plays a one man show and it completely kills ball movement. even the 8th seed, 05-06 lakers, where kobe had his career high ppg (supposedly the prime of his ball-hogging though he had nobody for teammates so i can't blame him - the next best two players were odom and smush parker) had more team assists than the heat do now.

anyways lebron never had gimme that damn ball syndrome because he always has the damn ball anyways. i've never seen someone stat pad as much as him either. how many times when he's one rebound away from a trip-double i'll see him push off his teammates for a meaningless board, same with assists. he's selfish in his own way. and look at this stretch of games from jan 3rd to 28th. fga: 26, 15, 23, 26, 24, 30, 29, 24, 25, including that 11-30 loss to atlanta and a 7-24 (that's 29%) against the knicks. everyone has bad days.
nah. 

he has more fans then lebron right now thats for sure. 
unfortunately, you are probably right. that didn't occur to me.
if he had starred in my giant instead of georghe muresan, that movie would have won an oscar!
as soon as cybernetic knees are invented and allowed in the nba...
no video?
what? you mean redshirted or something?
couldn't it just be that he was offered the extension and was faced with indecision? maybe he was just unsure when he signed the extension, thought it over again and realized he couldn't do another year, and that in fact he might not have the energy to coach at a high level for the remainder of the season, and so called it quits?
actually i heard during last night's game against the suns that his extension was inked way back in november and agreed to during the off-season, so it's a non-issue at this point. 
edit: it was only just reported a week ago.
he only mentioned it because it was like yesterday.
this is a lot like saying shaq makes free throws when they count.
how is he an nba player? i would pick a d league player over him anyday.
his arms are so fucking long.  his shot starts at his chest but the launch point is way behind his head.  so weird.  
same, waste of fucking money. 
popovich deserves more credit than he gets. 
i was half expecting to see iverson.
ha, thank you for that.

darko milicic is a zero but kwame brown is an absolute cancer
sounds to me like he went to school late period.  his senior year of high school was in 2006.
he had set his left foot as his pivot while is right leg was behind, bringing his right leg up to set his feet for the shot.  to avoid the defender, he took a step forward with his right leg and then jumped to shoot.  definitely a bad call.  his left foot never moved since he had previously established it as the pivot side.
that was two spurs games, his box score was virtually identical and since the spurs are the lakers biggest threat that could be a problem. the first celtics game was an example of that as well but his shots just happened to be going in. players who rely on jumpers (something that kobe does now) can't always be counted on. the heat seem to be scoring just fine and everyone is putting up reasonable numbers so they seem to be doing just fine. also assists aren't the only measure of a teams offensive flow, the pistons have improved a ton by having mcgrady take over ball handling and he isn't exactly putting up stocktonesque numbers. i admitted lebron was being selfish when he did that but the heat let him and they've had a theme of doing that all season, piss of lebron, let him shoot a thousand times. kobe does the same thing when teams piss him off.

and a kobe fan shouldn't talk to anyone about stat padding, he has stat padder of the 2000-2010 decade locked up.
interestingly, even though he shot at *least* three times as many attempts than any other season, he still had the same shooting percentage. 

just shows it really is about the quality of one's shot, not the quantity.
son of a bitch
not sure if the league best team raping the league worst deserves a post. just sayin'
i haven't been this happy with the pistons since the day before they traded billups for cancer. 
alright, that was awesome. but pachulia clapping then seeing the ball go in was even better.
that was also then the three point line was closer to the goal. it was a much easier shot. 
the sixers have been flying under the radar of late. i see them in the win column more lately than i would have expected. gotta go check those power rankings and see if they've made a run here in the last couple of weeks.
he also thanked himself at the 2003 espys for all the hard work he put in to make him the player he is.
that was so great.
it's ok, you have the rights to ricky rubio too.

oh wait, well you have kevin love at least.
did he take his hat off to himself when he punched that knick a few years back, and then ran like a bitch?
just cause. same reason the knicks wore road colors at the garden on friday. 
you might be amazed at how well sasha would do in the d league. he'd probably be an all-star.
sometimes it's just for the novelty of it.  teams will occasionally wear their regular home jerseys on the road just so that the home fans can see their team's roadies.
as an orlando fan, i can honestly say you might as well count your game against us a win. 
you guys have a fairly good lineup. seems like everyone's meshing and you've gotten it together.
says the guy with kg, paul pierce and rondo on his team.

if kobe was on the celtics you'd be on his nuts like all the lakers fans.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=worxo92koco&amp;feature=related

i miss ai too! such awesome sneakers.
this guy had one of the worst sequences of plays i have ever witnessed as a laker fan. turnovers, no defense, missed dunks, the works.

when you thought it couldnt get any worse, the guy got the ball under the basket for an easy dunk, but instead tried to lay it in and got rejected, got the loose ball and tried the same shit again, got rejected, tried the same shit again, got emphatically rejected. 

laker fans had enough and started booing the guy. the announcers felt so bad they tried to explain it as bad luck but everyone knew what a schmuck kwame was. he was traded within 2 weeks.  
they looked very good playing against the heat.
i only mentioned it because it was like awesome.
what a surprise. hawks lose. again
why would you post something about a sg making threes. that's his job...? if it was dweight howard or shaq, id be impressed
pathetic. any other organization that covers news should run this story.
hats off to you guys. i guess collins got everyone to buy into the system and there is a lot of talent on your team.
that's the great thing about writing with weasel words like "sources tell us" and "one league exec said...".  no one calls you out on it, because they know you will protect your source.  now it forces other sports-writing outlets to cover the fabricated story as well, because no one wants to fall behind the worldwide leader.

i've never really trusted espn recently - i check it out in the same way i look at cnn - so i can see what everyone else is reading, not to gain insight.  for good content, i have my existing rss feeds (yes, including truehoop, whom i consider a bit independent of the espn media circus machine) as well as twitter and a few random places like this subreddit.

edit: just read the last few paragraphs of the article, and i did not know that lebron and espn are still not on speaking terms after the decision.  guess it's obvious why he's painted as "the villain" in their coverage now.
all shocked at this revelation say aye.
http://twitter.com/lebronjamesego
espn making shit up to fit their own personal narrative? who would've thunk it....
stephen "i make love to pressure" jackson.
wow, i had no idea that they had turned it around like that.  i think most people expect that when a team dramatically improves, it must be because of some new piece to the puzzle, but turner has been playing like a rookie (he'll get better).  sixers have a nice blend of vets like brand and iguodala to go alongside some young athletes like holiday and young.

just out of curiosity, how come speights isn't playing more minutes?
nay, good sir. nay indeed. 
well, there's 2 things we have to keep in mind.  and i'm a pacers fan.

1.  the [dead coach bounce](http://basketbawful.blogspot.com/2008/11/word-of-day-dead-coach-bounce.html).  this is a part of it, for sure, where they're just so happy to be out from the problems of o'brien that they're playing with enthusiasm and caring.  who knows, however, how long that will last.

2.  the schedule.  we're 7-1 since firing o'brien.  the wins are against toronto, cleveland, portland, the nets, charlotte, minnesota, and milwaukee.  only portland out of that group is even a decent team.  we lost to miami, but put up a hell of a game.

we're lucky though, in that we have a fairly easy schedule rest of the season.  bunch of games against detroit, some was games, toronto, nets, etc.  of course we've got the games against good teams, but, if we can win the ones we should win and then take a few others, it's a resounding success.
based on [this article](http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/powersurge_100924.html), i think taj is older than normal because he was home-schooled before going to a traditional high school. he then went to three different high schools in four years. i'm not really familiar with how credits work in transfer situations, but i wouldn't be surprised if it put him a few years behind.
last time i went to a wizards game [a month ago], the wizards were playing the bobcats.

the loudest the crowd got was when kwame brown was at the free throw line.  so many boos, it was great, for all those years he fucked up the team.

you suck kwame!  mj's biggest failure.
how the fuck did this guy land maria sharapova?
didn't seem to mind having a teammate here.
hollinger likes them (or at least his math formula does): http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings

reasons why no one really gives:

1) the eastern conference is terrible after the top 5 teams. the hawks would probably be an 8th seed in the west. it doesn't take much to be average when the competition is shitty.

2) the sixers are not quite young enough to have an exciting future. iguodala is 26 and brand is 31. holiday and turner are a solid young tandem, but not as exciting as the grizzlies, thunder, knicks who all have younger cores and more wins.

i can't claim to be a sixer fan, but i live in philly, so i'm sort of a secondary fan. to me, this is fool's gold. it's nice that our guys are playing well, but brand has what, maybe 2-3 good years left, tops? the 6ers should still be playing the draft so they have more young guys to develop alongside their current young guns. i wish really badly that they would trade brand. he's tradeable now for the first time since they signed him. they shouldn't wait, even if it means missing the playoffs.

when he started with the lakers, [he was playing like a good bench player](http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/v/vujacsa01.html).  he had a dismal last season with the lakers, hence the trade along with farmar.
why do people watch or read espn anymore?
fucking espn.
dude, i couldn't disagree more. also, i don't see how pierce, or rondo are unlikeable. everyone wants to hate on kg lately but i absolutely loved that guy for his entire career before coming to boston. everyone across the states knows kobe is a tool, even anyone with half a brain in la will admit that. either way, kobe is a douche, gasol is a llama, and odom married the ugly kardashian. i don't like every player just because they are on the c's, and there is just no way i could every like kobe. i might respect his ability, but i fucking hate him as a person. what a total asshat. 
it's nice that philly is turning their season around, and they've been consistently better than their record in the second quarter of this season. they got off to a pretty bad start, dealt with a bust no 2 pick, lost a lot of close games, and they're 8th in hollinger's power rankings. the 6th seed in the east is sort of like being the skinniest kid at fat camp, but i'd welcome that given the sixer's troubles as a middling team the past few years. they're one star away from being a 50+ win team.
i agree with that. they both are generally disliked by most though. 
i agree although i know plenty of people in la who don't really like kobe either. 
asik will continue to get as many minutes as it takes for him to foul out.
because of sportscenter?
i won't even click espn links on reddit.  if i can't find that same story on yahoo or cnnsi it probably wasn't important (see: lebron yells at a heckler).
now that i think of it, they haven't completely ruined baseball tonight yet.
indeed. yahoo has the best nba coverage around. i'm not much of a fan of cnnsi's layout, but it's better than the hype on espn.
couldn't have defended that any better.
espn just kills me with all the auto-running videos on every. single. article.  
...red flags?

as a kings fan, i hope this will blow over...but it sounds pretty bad.  i really, really hope they can find a way to both quell the situation and keep dmc.  he is going to be a really good player in this league.
winning a 1 v. 1 match up doesn't automatically make that person the better overall player. this isn't highlander. rose is definitely an elite player, not just point guard, but an argument can be made for williams, paul, westbrook, and rondo. 
exactly. this is like saying dragic is better than nash because of how he performed against the spurs last post-season. the quality and talent of a player are considered in the long haul, with a combination of other factors, rather than 1v1, like you said. 
this is by no means a slight against d-rose, he very well could be the best. but these 1v1 don't decide that. 
i'm very much for this for a lot of the best players if a lockout occurs. i think it would be much more of a wake-up call for the nba than everyone just arguing and piss fighting during the lockout.  
it'd be nice for the best players to say "oh, you can't keep your shit together? fine. we're going to go do what we do best."
cp is a true point guard and the best at his position.  he runs a team really well and does the little things that the general of the court should do to help his team win. 

that said, rose is a better overall baller. 
i'm not really sure i agree with you. popovich is known as one of the top coaches in the league (behind jackson). it may seem like he's not getting any credit, but i think that's because most people know what he does, and expect it from him. 
with the numbers that high? by halftime? you kidding me? i get what you're saying, but this is a different case. 
no shit?
i was about to ask... did any lakers fans even like him? 

hell i liked morrison better...
why is every poster/highlight/81pt embarrassing moment against the raptors. 

i'll say celtics, i don't think the heat will be able to take advantage of the celtics' thin front line and i don't think they'll be able to outrebound by a high enough margin to pull off a win.
rose is not nearly as good of a point guard as williams and cp3. in fact, for taking this stance, i encourage you to look up the definition of a point guard, and more importantly, what a point guard is responsible for.
the heatles got this one i think.  they have been looking good lately, entirely different team than the one the celtics beat twice earlier in the year.  their chemistry is worlds better than it was in the first couple weeks of the season.   
agreed. i'm thrilled to read this as a person who breathes sports. i also hope the ufl is aggressive in picking up nfl players during that lockout.
i think it's a little silly thinking that there needs to be a player how is **the** best at his position. i personally think rondo is the best point guard in the league. however, the way rose is playing this year, he has to be in the top three for mvp. i'd still be more comfortable if the bulls could get by with rose not having to put up the points or minutes that he has been this season.
has abc been breaking up and cutting out for anyone else? i can hardly watch the game…

edit: my prediction is that a heat win. they have more at stake here and the celtics are hurt and playing flat lately. having said that, i'm rooting for the celtics.
seems fine here.
it's good seeing teams like the pacers and 76ers do well. they have a lot of young talent and they're strarting to make other teams take them seriously. come playoff time, both of these teams could give the top 3 seeds quite a difficult fight.
yeah, unfortunately there aren't any other options for a sports highlight show.
last year joe johnson did the same thing to the bobcats. captain jack threw down a little payback.
they are just killing the credibility of their staff writers. marc stein ended up looking like a douche when the dust settled and it became clear that no serious talks had occurred.
basketball is a dynamic sport; playing a position by the book is seldom the best way to help a team.

is dirk a normal power forward? was magic johnson a normal anything? what about bird? rodman? lebron?

players who help advance the game are the ones who can bring in a new element. the concept of the "true" pg is almost irrelevant now.

winning games is the standard by which players from any position should be measured.  
celtics 2 please!!
you think this dunk would score well in a dunk contest?
i couldn't agree more. this team has zero chance to contend with iguodala and brand as their two best players, even in the east. i'll say it again and again until it happens, but iguodala has to go if this team wants to be a real winning team in the near future.
so far, no good for the c's. unless their momentum picks up within the next quarter, i don't see them turning it around. i really hope i'm wrong!

i want eddie house back waaahhhh....
did davis really blow that dunk or is my tv broken?
i was really excited for the onions sports dome, but then i found out it was a pre-taped show, so that most of their topics would be dated by the time they aired.

i'm now excited about the [norm macdonald sports show](http://www.deadline.com/2011/02/comedy-central-greenlights-sports-show-starring-norm-macdonald/) which sounds like the daily show, except dumber, and about sports. 
kobe has had the worldwide #1 selling nba jersey for 3 or 4 years now. he's a lot more popular then he is unpopular. but the one's that don't like him are a very vocal minority.
la has 15 million people. i know plenty of people there who don't like kittens, sunshine, and babies. i grew up there. 14.9 million love kobe and think celtic fans are drunk, racist, whiners who just don't know how or when to shut the hell up.  
that was a subtle "psyching out" of the heat. big daddy was saying, "we're so confident, *we don't even need to score*."
i can't tell who will win. but i predict that perkins is not going to look happy. not happy at all.
agreed. drose is a pg by the way chicago needs a pg. they need someone who can assist but can also score as well. with that said, i still like cp3 and dwilliams better because overall skills wise, they have most bases covered. drose's poor shot attempts and defense is what keeps him from being the absolute best. cp3, dwilliams are guys who have range in their jump shots, make absolutely smart plays, smart passes, and play great defence. 
well you're gonna see it in every highlight reel for the next week so i'll spoil it for you: yes.
his mean-mug is terrifying
i'm far more embarrassed by all the heat turnovers.
well said, if they keep playing like this in 2nd half. they will lose :(
both teams have been playing sloppy thus far, making mistakes at key times, this will be a good one down to the wire i think
i wasn't aware he had a non-mean mug?
[here's one with a bit of better quality with slow-mo and reactions](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6lksjeuxcq)
holy shit that owns
i'm no grammar nazi but daaaayyyumm.
the knock on derrick rose is that he's not the most efficient scorer.  it's a bit of a shock that he has shown such little progress in scoring efficiency over last year, given how he is making three point shots at a good percentage, and has increased his free throw percentage and attempts per a game.

just going on the visual test, rose looks fine finishing around the basket and on floaters, so i am going to guess that rose has regressed as a midrange jumpshooter from last season to this season.

if he can get to around 57 ts%, i don't think there will be anything left to criticize him for.
 sports dome is actually very funny, but it suffers from not being able to really talk about current events.  

they did burn the fuck out of kwame brown on the last episode i watched, so they've got that goin for them.
better than any of his dunks last year. and yes, i do think it would.  the combination of the leap-reach-one hand grab is certainly enough for high 40s.
the only certainty in this game is that jeff van gundy will annoy everyone.
if they continue to allow all the celtics cheap shots, it'll be hard for the heat to come back.
[almost as good as this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdnbx9ija94)
[here](http://sbn.to/euwj2j) is a look at it from kings expert tom ziller
rondo was an ass for trying to enter the heat huddle. it's called etiquette. 
big baby can't get off the floor.
&gt; the heatles

nice try, lebron!
there is no instructions on how to play point guard. the point guard leads the team and performs how the team needs them to. 


rose is good at what he needs to do, rondo the same, and paul aswell.

the only difference is how good they are at the role they play. and i think rose is performing at an all star caliber. 

celtics scored 35pts in the 3rd quarter.
i think they got this one figured out.
blocked by the rim, tried to draw a foul but the refs didn't call.
garnett taunts the rim, evades technical foul.
:)

their raising salaries doesn't matter. they won't be under the cap again for a long time, but that doesn't matter. and most owners don't carry about the luxury tax when their team is contending. so they can just grow through the yearly midlevel exception and the veteran's minimum.

they got mike miller on the midlevel this year, and they can continue to pay one decent bench player/low-level starter with it every year. and they can sign as many people to the vet's minimum who are willing to play for little money for a championship team.

this is the position pretty much any contending team over the cap is in. for example, the bulls have pretty much no chance of being under the cap for the next 5 years and they have a pretty slim bench as well. that's why they give the teams exceptions to sign decent players despite being over the cap.
rondo's been somewhat of an ass the entire game but i think it's in good fun. the way he's been climbing all over james has been hilarious. at least he's not trying to hurt anyone like kg with his hard screen.
i think van gundy is funny. mark jackson on the other hand...
why are you being downvoted? you are right, he plays more of a shooting guard than a point guard. rose scores a lot and takes the team on his back, cp3 makes everyone around him better with his point guard play. i'd take cp3 any day of the week over rose.
i find mark jackson mildly annoying, but not too bad. van gundy just pisses me off though. it seems like almost every time he says something, it's either ridiculous or ill-timed. 
derrick rose is great, but [cp3 has better stats](http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/pcm_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;sum=0&amp;p1=rosede01&amp;y1=2011&amp;p2=paulch01&amp;y2=2011). it'll take more than one game to dethrone cp3.
that reminds me of when the suns all wore headbands on a throwback night. they played a terrible first half then ditched the headbands and played a lot better.
what's up with the refs?
i'll take jeff over jackson any day.
hipster refs. they call the obscure 5 second backdown rule but not simple shooting fouls.
i think it just takes time.  rose made a huge jump this year and that will need take time to sink in for a lot of people.  people also throw a lot of knocks at rose regarding efficiency and other stuff but as long he keeps that team winning i view those knocks as immaterial.  basketball isn't baseball, and stats have a long way to go here.
that said i do not know if rose is the best pg.  he is definitely better than rondo and after that beat-down in utah, i'd place him ahead of williams but paul is still a step ahead, if barely, in my opinion.  with that said, rose is still developing and will probably surpass post-injury paul (i think pre-injury, paul could have been the greatest pg of all time) but not for a few years.
1. paul
2. rose
3. williams
4. nash
5. westbrook
still a ball black hole.
*sigh*
it did for me when people started chanting bullshit. once they stopped, everything went back to normal.
yupppppppppppppp 3-0
heat 1 please.
haha that's funny. you should audition for mark jackson's job.
i cant wait for the possible playoff matchup. from a heat fan to celtics fans, great game played. 
well, we couldn't have asked for a more open look on that last shot. the constant turnovers and lack of consistency from the refs were so frustrating though. 
yeah man came down to the wire at the end i was gettin real nervous haha
i upvoted you, problem? 

in all seriousness you guys played a good game. paul on the other hand... wtf?
congratulations! it was an excellent game. we have a lot of problems to work on.
i'm about as far from a kg fan as one could possibly be, but that was a pretty weak- to average-looking screen.
fat, piece of....
so you can be that close to the game. 
oh yes he did. are you a wizard?
but, let's be reasonable here, its not a question of 1 or the other, it's both of them!

it's freakin annoying and abc has got to put a stop to them.
even if it's a legal screen it's still a dick move to purposefully lean your shoulder into someone on an unexpected screen. 

my point was that rondo may have been acting a little foolishly but he's a good sport whereas kevin garnett actually gets on my nerves when he does shit like that (and he does all the time). 
imagine him at the birth of his first child. he stands there glaring throughout the labour. he scowls at his new baby. "this is the happiest moment of my life," growls perkins.
i'd say cp3 is still the better pg, but i put rose above d will. i think cp3 is just the better overall player, but rose is certainly closing the gap quick. paul is a smarter player. but rose is 22 and paul is what, 26? so i think it's only a matter of time before rose claims that top spot. i can't imagine where rose will be in 4 years.
if by "mark jackson's job" you mean "making fun of jeff van gundy" then i'm in.
heat was playing pretty shitty, but still a good game.
http://i.imgur.com/ijcte.jpg
yeah i think we both looked pretty awful at some points in the first half. 
pierce's 0-10 on the field and 0-5 behind the arc was pretty fail too. 
sure, 1 v 1 isn't conclusive, but when players are guarding each other and doing the same things for their team, it's at least a useful comparison. rose dominated paul physically...he was bigger, stronger, faster, scored more, and held paul to a poor shooting night. an old-fashioned ass-whooping of the widely considered 2 best point guards has to count for something, right?
easy win.
that's cool, thanks.
yeah they were both not great, but pp had possibly the worst game in his career, and the celts still won.  the heat might be getting nervous about seeing them in the playoffs.
we're getting downvoted because r/nba has decided that derrick rose is they icon they want to fellate despite the obvious flaws in his game.


i agree that being close to the action is awesome, but i am just curious as to whether or not it has ever become a safety issue with players, announcers and cameramen alike. 
relax a little bit. you're really going to compare a shooting 1-guard who is more tim hardaway than isiah to the all-time greats. this is hilarious. please, go on.
blocked by casper the friendly ghost
if the lakers only beat the celtics because the celtics were banged up, then how did the celtics beat the heat? conundrum.
sorry, but i can't tell - are you being sarcastic?
it's so hard to say.  paul has the better stats, but he can't really take over a game like rose can.  i think that's one of the thing that rose has on guys like rondo, paul, and williams.  he can strap his team to his back and will them to victory.  not saying that those three can't do it, but they hardly do it with the frequency rose does.

but at the end of the day, i think this is pretty similar to arguing on who you want between tom brady, peyton manning, and aaron rodgers.  no matter which one you have, you're going to be pretty happy.
heat is a pretty good team but celtics is an all star team. the game was very exciting overall and the heat eventually lost. this puts their stats 1-6 to the top 5 teams and 38-9 to the rest of the league. i think at this point it is pretty clear that this is not heat's year. probably spurs or celtics or a 3 peat lakers. if by any chance, heat do improve their game, they still have to step up big time in order to defeat the celts in the playoffs.
they gotta do something about their turnovers and improve their consistency and defense. about a month back their defense was just beast. now they seem to have softened up a bit.
no- i just get espn and comcast sports, and i like comcast's coverage even less than espn's.
you can't stand how he's almost always right about everything? i think he still has it in him to coach.
not sure. but i do know i wouldn't mind having an nba superstar fall on me while making a clutch play. it's not often then lebron james falls into your lap.
i'm pretty sure mo evans leads the league in almost-clutchness. i get so frustrated watching him do everything right without it working out ever.
why...do they suck? i personally think they're great.
let's compare lineups from last night:

boozer is better than west

deng is significantly better than ariza

thomas is better than aaron gray (what a sad comparison)

bogans and willie green both don't really belong in the nba, but if forced to pick i'd go with bogans.

now let's look at the bench:

thornton had a good game, but if we looked at their market value, brewer would probably get more money.

taj gibson is better than david andersen (another borderline d-leaguer)

korver is better than jack

asik is better than jason smith (yet another borderline d-leaguer on the hornets. there are eight of them on the hornets' roster by my count).

so the question i have to ask now is who would have won if rose and paul switched places? the answer to me is clearly paul (and probably by a wider margin). you give the guy passing outlets, and he will rack up assists. you give rose outlets, and he will take advantage of the fact that defenses have to stick on those outlets in order to score.

don't get me wrong, rose is an amazing scorer, and imo when all is said and done will be the greatest scoring point guard ever to play the game. however, he lacks the vision and imagination of the best point guards in the league, and for that reason, if i have a good team, i'll take paul as my general any day of the week.
no, they're awesome. 
they're horrible, it comes off weird to me
&gt;one source said cousins and green argued in the locker room, with cousins telling everyone he wanted respect, regardless of his rookie status.

that's hilarious right there
just watch highlights online. there is no reason to watch sports center.
it's a shame mark jackson is also just as annoying
a couple reporters for a local paper were getting grilled for not airing an nfl-related story before adam schefter said it on espn.

the reporters basically said "look, we knew it for 2 weeks before schefter did, and from the same source. any respectable news outlet requires 2 sources before you run something like that. espn does not."

tl;dr: espn can publish hearsay. and they do. from themselves.
so what? it happens..
you say that now, but wait till shaq comes charging at you full speed. you'd be a fool not to move out of the way. even his teammates [weren't taking any chances.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uivpbnnjb8u)
this had all the energy and execution i would expect in a 1 pm game.
whoa i had no idea you guys felt that way about him, i have been nothing but impressed with him for the most part but thats not really saying much i guess.
he successfully got underneath lebron's skin. to be honest that was kind of a douchey move yet so so funny
wait people don't like sasha? i had no idea
the comedy was executed well.
it puts christmas in a shiny perspective doesn't it?
i linked to my self post in /r/nba2k since i wasn't sure how many people knew about it.
well now you say he was fouled there, okay.
disagreed.  mark jackson is so so so much worse.  jvg is there to make sure people don't actually listen to mark jackson.
i'd say he it's not quite fair to judge paul yet, he's still recovering from surgery and i think it'll work out like kg and it'll take him a season or two to get back to form.
disagree strongly. hubie brown is the most knowledgeable analyst on espn. he's the nba equivalent of bobby knight as far as analysis goes. he talks about basketball non-stop and is very familiar with both team and individual scouting reports. jackson and van gundy just pander non-stop to the league's stars. doris burke is better than both of them.
it's hard to compare guys like rose, williams, paul, rondo, etc. because they all have different playing styles.  you'll see rose drain a game-winning 3 while rondo air balls a lot of his jump shots.  meanwhile, rondo's focus is on steals and assists.  rose still gets 7-9 assists per game, but is more scoring focused.
damn it, jvg, shut the hell up!!!

i hate rondo, but that was funny.

edit: i like jvg's intense reaction to that because it shows his competitive fire is alive and well from his coaching days, but still, it's *so annoying* to hear!
iggy iggy iggy, can't you see?

i can't think of how to finish that lyric, so i'll just end my comment by saying it's time for him to leave the 76ers and continue his career hopefully not failing elsewhere.
i think it's just a heat thing, there's no way in hell rondo would try that against the spurs, lakers or bulls.
i could def. see him trying that against the bulls.
heat &gt; orlando&gt; lakers&gt; celtics&gt; heat
he already shoved hinrich and left a nice cut on brad miller's face.
[the lakers are 1-1 against the celtics and the celtics had a greater margin of victory against the lakers.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xywqv1cdh8&amp;feature=related)
are you putting him behind jackson this year?  i'd say he's the best coach over jackson this season.  people say that he was blessed with having the greatest power-forward of this generation in his corner, but even with duncan's age and declining numbers, pop has still managed to coach that team to do what they are doing this season.  he's making otherwise no-name players make plays. 
but the lakers are better.
players have been injured by cameras and the camera operators, yes. but the arena makes a lot of money on those courtside seats. and the photographers and video people want to be as close as possible to the action.
[context](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drxz-6dyjgu)
why is jimmy smits representing the sacramento kings?
can't argue with that logic.

you win.
haha. thanks for having a sense of humor. i'm just messing around.

but seriously, can't wait for truehoop's headline monday post: a list of all the clutch free throws kobe bryant has missed. and then some quick fact about how lebron is just a good if not better than kobe at clutch free throws.
kaptain kirk was pissed... 
it's nice to see that no matter the salaries, they still resort to childish tactics. well played rondo, well played. 
sometimes your iq confuses me. 



i'm not talking about this season. i'm talking about careers. i'm a spurs fan, my man, i know what he's done this season. 
no, i'm a laker. 

/troll
lowest scoring total in a game (in which he played 10+min) since 1999.
&gt;paul pierce goes 0-10 from the field

is that the truth? (pun intended)

i thought before looking at the video he had done it during a timeout.

if he had done it during a timeout that would be one thing. but this was just funny.
thank you!
i wasn't saying he's an all-time great. i was using well established players to paint a picture of players who aren't bound by the typical style-of-play for their position.

i made a point (lots of good players don't play their position in a classical manner), supported it with easily identifiable evidence (popular players who are/were not prototypical) and  drew a conclusion. 

it's not hilarious, it's completely reasonable.


exactly.  and they still won, even though i believe miami big 3 hit their usual point averages.
i like cp3 more than rose, so i wasn't exactly fellating rose. i think you were downvoted because you were condescending. 

nevertheless, i upvoted you because you tried to add to discussion.
rondo is quickly becoming one of my favorite players in the league. the second he leaves the celtics i'm buying his new jersey.
i thought it was great! definitely sparked more interest in the game for me.
lol well shaq is a different story completely :p


he is the definition of cocky. 
exactly! so he did nothing wrong
as a celtics fan i mostly want to avoid the bulls in the playoffs because of all the other teams they most have our number, especially with thibs at coach. hopefully the heat and the bulls will meet first and knock each other around a bit
i really hope i didn't post this prematurely...
told you so.
if the celtics lost this game i probably would be pissed off by this. but since they won this is hilarious.
that was rather unprofessional.. i am surprised that he didn't get some type of foul?
he was 0-10 with 1 point tonight. march 2, 1999 in his **rookie season** he was 0-11 with 2 points. crazy.
awwwwwww yeeeeeaaaaaaaahh!
apparently, pierce was sick.
for a moment the headline deceived me into thinking that kobe intended to retire in the event of a lockout.  i got very excited.  now i'm upset.
the best point guard in the league is lebron james.
boston paid good money for today's officiating.
wow, looks like you miami lot are just like the la lot. always an excuse. 
it's basically all spelled out in [this.](http://i.imgur.com/3epdz.jpg) this is an old one, but the only one i have lying around. 

*edit: [how it's spelled out](http://i.imgur.com/j0au4.jpg)
let's be honest. if james did that to another team reddit would be all over him for being unsportsmanlike.

oh well, now i wait for april 10th.
now i wait for april 10th.
a friend of mine can't do handheld camera anymore because shaq landed on him. didn't break anything, but his back has never been the same. 
i've had a college player stumble into me, then push off on my knee driving it into the hardwood. not pleasant.
i think this is the peak year for the current celtics lineup, before decline / rebuilding sets in. this year, however they're the team to beat.
i can't stand the teammate grade system, it's infuriating
i'm half hoping he gets bored after the first few 60 point games and decides to try and play for a serie a soccer team.
that's why the celtics need the #1 seed in the east.  put miami and chicago in the same side of the bracket.  hopefully miami can get stuck in a crazy 7 game series with the bulls like the c's did in the '09 playoffs.
i hate you, because it was funny.
i hate you, because it was funny.
dae think it's just a matter of time before big baby oliver miller's himself out of the league?
i don't see any laker fans making excuses around here about officiating.  in any event, i find miami fans whining about officiating to be the height of irony, since it was awful officiating which gifted the heat their only title.
yeah i was kind of surprised that he got to lebron as easily as he did. i guess the little things just kept building up. rondo also played very scrappy yet effective defense against lebron. it was a good game.
sad that it had to come against the cavs, but i'll take any kind of road win at this point.
congrats guys.
van gundy was right. someone on the heat should have pushed rondo away with a lot more force than they did. 
two things:

* 12-17 fg and 12-13 ft's. respect
* wes matthews 26 points... think that has anything to do with sloan hanging it up?
he got 4 rebounds while only be 6-11?? somebody get this man an mvp trophy.

a lot of people were snubbed, [deal with it](http://kyon.pl/static/img/remiq.net_16571.jpg)!
i think they're great. better than doris burke and the bald guy. and i can't stand mike tarico. i wish walton would jump in for some more games.
you are completely correct. but on the flip-side, had lebron james stayed with the cavs we would be celebrating it. so i still feel no sympathy. 

actually now that i think about it, i can sympathize with lebron 10 years from now when i think he'll regret his decision. 
lucky! lakers still played like shit and lost that night :/
celtics 1 please.

time to move on...
those crazy cavs
love jvg. mark jackson is the american leo rautins. 
sooo 14.9 million people in la are retarded? i mean, the ratio sounds about right. 
i'll say what i said in your r/nba2k thread. it's way better than 2k10 was. it's still flawed, but at least they are heading in the right direction. 
fat men can't jump?
[just like bill belichick](http://www.southparkstudios.com/clips/165712/how-do-i-reach-these-kids) 
just for shits and giggles type "kobe bryant is" into google and see what is the first thing to come up. 
not really relevant but i wanted to post this here for anyone you thinks kobe is anywhere close to being as good as jordan. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgbuejt-kic
iverson was incredible and its a damn shame that he's historically underrated. if ai was 6'6", he'd be remembered as a top 5 guard, and the guy after mj.
yeah, i sure do the miss the days of pervis "never nervous" ellison.
it really gets easy as you get better.  i end up a+ pretty quickly, most of the time before half-time, playing as a big power forward.  it was kind of tough at first, but you've just gotta do what rewards you, and once you start doing that, which actually does help the team, you start winning and piling on the accolades, to the point that you can do all of the bad shit you want and still end up with an a+.
ray allen claims it isnt' talent: we can learn from ray allen, michael jordan and hakeem olajuwon, even if we can never hope to beat them on the court. 
give it time, iverson will get his respect
who needs rebounds? rebounds aren't points. points are points (and evidence!). he had 36. that makes him an all-star. points are all that matter. everybody who scores points needs to be in the all-star game. especially against detroit. they're so good at defense, when you score 36 points against them and have a whopping +1, you are amazing.

plus the all-star game is always about merit. it's never about who fans choose to see and who coaches decide to back them up with. it's about what people who score points deserve.
wes matthews has been playing well, but i think jerry sloan had more respect for himself than to retire over *wes matthews.*

i don't think losing people in free agency was at all a factor, but if it was i think he might be more concerned with losing the guy who set an nba record for 3-point accuracy and also their star power forward.
the cavs have just been wall'd.
he's right though. it's funny, but it isn't harmless fun. it was a dumbass, immature thing for him to do.
[iverson had the smoothest game of all time.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si-azqcz0dc)
how is korver, the most 1-dimensional player in the nba better than jarret jack?
the announcing in this game was fucking dreadful.


a lot of what pgs do won't show up in the stat sheet. just because he's a better scorer or stat stuffer doesn't mean he's better.
they were both laughing throughout that exchange from the game i watched...
grand theft rondo
how was it douchey? there was no timeout or anything.
if anything, wade or james should have gotten a foul for pushing rondo. he's allowed to be anywhere on the floor, it wasn't a timeout or anything...
that was pretty awesome, but nothing could make me miss iverson.
what a nice analysis. i like it. this really shows how terrible the heat are man. 
i suppose so. i might have missed that. 
just so you know, i like that and i'm stealing it.
i still can't believe duncan got in over him.
having listened to reggie miller call a game, no other commentator is capable of annoying me anymore.
speights has a decent post game but he has no intention of playing defense or rebounding. hawes is not that good but atleast he tries on defense. the center is their weakest position.
i want it to become an internet trend so go right ahead.
and pierce didn't even hit a shot. that's scary!
[korver is the 15th best three point shooter of all time](http://www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/fg3_pct_career.html). steve kerr's only use was as a three point shooter. does that make him worse than jack, a guy who does *nothing* well? 
what why? 

the one guy with the 'little guy complex' that could actually back it up. 

that vince &amp; ai battle made me fall in love with ball.
same here
it was all in fun. rondo was just getting under the skin of miami. hey look who won. can you blame him?
i see the cavs are paying it forward from the blakers
like superbowl tickets that cost fans hundreds of dollars to watch the game in a parking lot, there will be blowhards like chris assard as long as there is demand. i motion we stop downvote idle speculation henceforth.
use this [greasemonkey script](http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/66615). works on firefox.
well i do appreciate his all-positions style of play, but not sure he's quite there to be compared with this company for pg positions.
which is very interesting when i think about when jordan played, his pg's (harper and bj) were pretty weak stats-wise, but still top calibre players.
that was pretty sick. i am one of those who does miss ai. 
good point, but rose and paul are still very young for nba standards, neither you could call a veteran. i'd say rose will even out his game as his body loses it's spring chicken step.
when he crosses up jordan in that video it is pretty amazing...
about fucking time
i'm partial to [this play](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si-azqcz0dc#t=1m23s). also [this one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si-azqcz0dc#t=2m16s). both memorable moments on the big stage.
that's how rondo rolls to try to win big games.  it seems to work a lot of the time.
he had a horrible attitude, and it showed up again and bit him in the ass at the end of his career. he'll always be remembered as a great player, but as a problem player and a team cancer.
he played a selfish brand of basketball, had a bad attitude and basically taught our generation of ballers that if you are supremely talented you are above the team.  

he thought it was okay to skip practice, he constantly gambled in the passing lanes for steals often hanging his teammates out to dry,  he often refused to pass which explains his career averages of 6 assists and 42% shooting percentage, and his ego can only be rivaled by that of kobe bryant or michael jordan.  

i'm not saying he wasn't really good.  i just think he was bad for basketball.
i would call it unsportsmanlike.
fair enough.
you can't walk into someones backyard
that's just the sort of reasoning that led to bosh making the team. all he does is score, and he's not even the lead scorer on his team. i do think aldridge deserved to make it, but scoring alone does not make an all star.
"he tried to put too much mustard on it."
lmao
oh i definitely agree. but you they let a good one get away in matthews and also in korver. boozer was probably gone anyways with the emergence of millsap, but i was kind of hinting at some beef between sloan and the gm.
whatever his reasons, i'm earnestly waiting for the full story to come out in a longform article in 5 months or so with a bunch of anonymous sources making snarky remarks. there's gotta be some dirt there!
"practice doesn't make perfect. practice makes history."- ray allen
the "truth" is boston can win with 7 guys against contenders..... watch your ass when we get all of our boys healthy.  be scared west. be scared bulls magic and heat. see you in la in june bro
oh snap.
and if he practiced
never gonna happen, man. i hope you like green :p
the heat got pushed around inside...big surprise. when the celtics have all their big men back during playoff time i doubt we will last 6 games if we play like we did tonight.
like tim duncan?
we talkin' about practice?
remember when the bulls selected tyrus thomas over lamarcus aldridge?

**i fucking do.**
coast to coast!
honest question: where was the cheap shot? the screen looked genuine and fair; only miller's momentum made it look bad.


forearm looked high, as a retaliation to the screen rondo ran into. we all know kg's bully-ish tactics.
i just don't understand the mindset one has to have to be able to shut off everything around them and act like a fucking fool like that.
you're high again.
i don't understand how i can be 8 or 9 inches shorter than a black man and i'm able to get up higher than he can.
excited because it might give portland a better chance in the playoffs?
he's done something like 3 or 4 career highs in the last 6 or 7 games. and one of those he went 40-11 against the spurs, which the blazers won.
if there is a lockout, i'd much rather kobe take the time off, get surgery on his finger, let that fucker heal, come back rested and get his half a season title.
remember when the blazers selected sam bowie or mj? 

**i fucking do** actually i don't, i wasn't alive.
yep, i started watching basketball in 1991, and started reading about the history of the nba all the time. i was a rabid fan from the start.


normally this would bother me, but the way rondo was walking around was hilarious.  

i think it helps that it was against the heat.  the heat are the only team i dislike more than the celtics.

but i don't see how heat/lebron fans can be all up in arms over this.  this is nothing compared to when lebron whispered into gilbert arenas' ear before those free throws in like 2005 i think.
the bulls absolutely would have signed johnson last summer.  the hawks just came out with a massive surprise offer that caught everyone off guard, and he re-signed with the hawks.

i'd be scared going forward with johnson because of his age, but with the bulls only 2 1/2 games back for first in the east right now...it's hard to not want johnson this year, as it looks like we could win the east and maybe an nba finals this year, and i think this team is better with johnson than brewer/korver.

someone needs to do this to kg...i've seen him take breaks from bullying whatever sub 6 foot european guard he's facing to make sure no shots after a whistle go in. he'll legitimately break up a conversation into 4-5 pieces just to block whatever silly shot someone will take 
i suppose i should make an iverson joke here.
[](/high "maybe")
i think it was fair.  it was a response to the hard screen that big z set on rondo in the preceding heat possession.
it certainly became an issue for the cameraman that got kicked in the balls by a very pissed off rodman.
i've played this for 200+ hours as a 2 guard. still can't figure out how to execute a pick n roll. my team plays horrible defense, no rotation. other than that, incredible game.
this blazers team will never have a chance in the playoffs.  i have felt for some time that we need to blow it up and build around aldridge, batum and wesley matthews.

i don't know what it is about kobe, but he has always just bugged me.  it could be because of the 2000 wcf game 7, but at the same time i don't resent shaq at all so i don't think that's it.  every time i watch a laker game i get noticeably upset because of kobe.  i think i just have an irrational hate for the guy.
honestly i wish we had more players like kg in the league.  he reminds me of what '90s basketball was like on a nightly basis.
i really don't understand why paul pierce catches so much hate.  i think pierce is a genuinely good guy.
i thought the badness of the dunk contest was exaggerated.  the commentators, kenny smith in particular, were so negative about the contest early on that when good dunks started coming (and several of them did) it had no effect on anybody's reaction because we had all already decided that it sucked.
except that he's a fake tough guy. when anthony peeler rocked kg's jaw a few years ago, kg didn't do shit. he picks on smaller players and is a cheap shot artist.

ask channing frye's balls.
from your comment history, i can tell you obviously don't actually type like that, but i find it weird that i know people in real life that talk exactly like that and i have no problem with it; yet seeing it on reddit is so unsettling haha.
i was referring to the passion he plays with.  he was stuck in minnesota for a decade on a team that was clearly going nowhere, and he still always gave a shit.  not only did he give a shit, but night in and night out he played like his life depended on it.  i would rather have 100 kgs in this league than 1 vince carter.
i freaked out about the lack of help defense on that play.  everyone stood there and watched him pack it.
i agree with you 1,000,000 percent.

i will never question his passion, nor his competitive nature.

just the way he *sometimes* conducts himself.
mike rice is a ridiculous person.  love him or hate he is always entertaining.
the whole "man, we talkin bout practice" press con sums it all up.
i didn't read the article yey but the worst offenders right now off the top of my head are...

**sasha "the machine" vujacic** - yeah, he's a real machine with that 5.3 ppg career average.

**shawn "the matrix" marion** - this was probably slightly less lame when the matrix was a popular movie. only slightly though. and after a quick google search, turns out kenny smith gave him the name... fuck you kenny.

**black mamba** - wtf was wrong with just 'kobe' anyway.

**durantula** - this one actually makes me angry when i hear it. it sounds so artificial and forced. i can't imagine kevin durant approves of this name at all. i imagine some sports writer in okc came up with this one and thought he was the shit.

**vinsanity** - terrible. it's like when you were 12 years old trying to come up with a cool tag name for yourself to write on the bathroom stalls at school.

then there's anyone who's nickname is their first initial and last name, or their initials and number. d-wade, d-rose, c-booz, cp3... all lame with the exception of ak-47.
yeah i understand what you mean.  he does at times behave like a tool.  i guess i see it as the nature of the beast, a la brett favre and his sometimes questionable decision making, instead of hating him for it.
yeah i understand what you mean.  he does at times behave like a tool.  i guess i see it as the nature of the beast, a la brett favre and his sometimes questionable decision making, instead of hating him for it.
pistons please
yeah..
although i don't think they're gonna do much at this point, 16 seasons in to a (probable) hall-of-fame career.  :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gupaviitmsy

my fav. chauncey "mr.big shot" billups
once the timeout has ended and a team is still talking things over, players from other teams are allowed to be anywhere on the court. i've seen tim duncan do this on several occasions.
that's some funny shit
jag get your facts straight and stop hating on a player you'd kill to have on your team. enjoy some down votes for kg trying to fight the true dirtiest player in the league dwight 'i wish i was superman ' howard

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yl0ta-49g1g
preach
did you forget when he punched howard's arm for no reason?

or when he picked on jose calderon?

or when he tagged channing frye in the balls?

or when he made fun of charlie villanueva for looking like a "cancer patient"?

kg's a bitch.
not a big fan of kg so i'm not trying to defend him but that was just a tough screen. nothing more, nothing less.
hey man, if we had aldridge, we would have actually been better, and would have probably wouldn't have drafted rose. i'll take the current healthy bulls lineup over a healthy blazers lineup any day.
pacers fan here.  we have a young player, paul george, who we have massively high hopes for.

i can already see how it's going to play out.

we'll end up calling him "king george" as a kind of joking play on lebron's "king james" nickname.

eventually someone will start saying "the madness of king george" which was once a film. like, pg will drop some monster game, then cap it with like an insane dunk, and the announcers will shout "the madness of king george!!!"

so i propose we just start calling him by his new name, the best nba nickname in a while.

the madness.
and your saying mr. triple double rondo can't take his team on his back? did you watch the playoffs at all last year? if anything i think thats what sets rondo ahead of rose, for the same reason brady &gt; manning. the greatest players were at their best in the playoffs. had perkins not gone down last year in the finals and boston won, rondo would more than likely have been finals mvp. finals mvp is a discussion for winners, regular season mvp is a discussion of losers.
some credit is due to dirk nowitzki for being the least clutch "all-star" in the post season. 
the funniest part was at the end of the third. james was holding the ball for the last shot and rondo leaned so low that his head was on his waist.

[[video]](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfh_qcjld_8)
my attitude is it's easier to turn a head-case into a rational person than it is to turn a mediocre nba player into a superstar. cousins is a double-double waiting to happen, and you have to take the risk. is philadelphia still pissed they picked evan turner over this guy despite the character issues? i would think so.
my attitude is it's easier to turn a head-case into a rational person than it is to turn a mediocre nba player into a superstar. cousins is a double-double waiting to happen, and you have to take the risk. is philadelphia still pissed they picked evan turner over this guy despite the character issues? i would think so.
hah.. it might have been a confirmation bias on my part really.. 

1. sorry for the late reply

2. again you're correct.. i don't know if kg used to be like that before he won the championship as a timberwolf but he certainly is a douche now.

i still admire his game past and present just as much as iverson's game with all the bad press/community baggage that they both carry/ied with them. 

i also miss the part of the game in the 90s where something like this wouldn't have gone without a retaliation.
hah.. it might have been a confirmation bias on my part really.. 

1. sorry for the late reply

2. again you're correct.. i don't know if kg used to be like that before he won the championship, as a timberwolf but he certainly is a douche now.

i still admire his game past and present just as much as iverson's game with all the bad press/community baggage that they both carry/ied with them. 

i also miss the part of the game in the 90s where something like this wouldn't have gone without an answer.
i think the heat and celtics will probably end up seeded 1 and 2 for the postseason. i hope it ends up the conference finals matchup although the heat lost homecourt advantage if they end up with the same record. 
i think the key in the playoffs will come down to health and homecourt.
as the robot overlord says, "does not compute"
could you imagine him trying to contain rose or paul? he played in an era not too high on guards 
$37,781,894.32
[even when he's hurt!](http://online.wsj.com/media/0429pod03.jpg)
the officials didn't choke for 4 straight games.  the officials didn't miss all those clutch shots, or those free throws.  it's so popular to blame the refs but when it counted: wade hit his shots, dirk missed.

also, can't blame the refs for dallas's history of post season choke-jobs.  this included.
if you compiled a jared jeffries highlight reel, would every play be him getting punched in the face? i swear
i wish people would recognize that dallas is pro when it comes to collapsing in the post season.  and that dirk is just lacks what it takes to win a title.
don't worry he's making the hall of fame regardless and even might get mj to do the talk before his induction. 

i have wished for him to be taller aswell.. still what he could do was unrivaled by anyone in his prime.
this doesn't compare to the gilbert incident.  this is a questionable display of sportsmanship to violate a teams privacy during a huddle.  trash talking is a separate issue
you are aware that he played 5-6 years in a row at the 2(thus the low assists) and that's when they got into the playoffs 5 times in a row with an appearance in the finals? the 2 years after that when he had 30.7/4/7.9 and 33/3/7.4 after returning to the pg position and the next 2 years averaging 26/3/7 in denver. 

you're right that he was a bad role model for a young generation of players and luckily now the league has a pretty good way of getting rid of freakish athletes who think they're better than everyone, can't prove it and loudmouth.. let their rookie contracts expire..

just like jordan and kobe(who share many of the same "qualities") he's inspired millions[citation needed] into basketball but at the same time alienated quite a few from basketball just like kobe and jordan due to off court issues. 

yes, we could talk rings but then we'd have to talk teams aswell.
they're probably all genuinely good guys. he can still be an asshole quite often.
well .... are they going to punish the heat for the screen on rondo?

both looked clean to me.
i still blame isiah thomas for this brawl.
hawks 3 please. 
steve nash. great player; canadian celebrity.
f'real dawg. word is bond.
i get it man, we hate kg. don't have to bring him up in every thread. 
to me that doesn't make him an all-star so much as a candidate for mip. my main point is that 1) linking to a random box score is not proof of anything (especially when it's not his best game recently), and 2) every year people complain about someone being snubbed, and this year it's la.

i've been on the other side of this argument before, but what i've learned is no one "deserves" to be an all-star. it's all about the fans, who usually choose terribly (see: ming, yao) and the coaches, who tend to choose proven vets. unless the process changes complaining is futile.
i second this. jvg is hilarious, you can tell the man feels strong about his opinions. mark jackson on the other hand comments like he's not even watching the game. he's always droning on about some boring shit. 
nah neither rose or paul has an mvp (yet). right now they are working to get into his league imo. 
to all the fat people downvoting.. he's right.. glen davis about the only one left in the nba who is not in shape. 
***practice?!***
the most recent spurs game kobe was one board from a triple double and only 18 fga. please look things up before making claims like that. and again, if the shots are falling, such as the boston game, you feed the hot hand. besides, artest and gasol combined for 6-23 that game - not like they were shooting well or not getting their shots.

&gt; also assists aren't the only measure of a teams offensive flow...

team assists are a pretty good indicator of ball movement. you're being pretty blind if you really think the heat have good ball movement. plus most of their assists come off of fast break points, which isn't to discredit the assist itself but does not say much for actual ball movement in a set play. now i'm not saying what the heat are doing isn't working right now, clearly it is, lebron + wade are talent enough that they can pretty much switch off one-man-show plays and have it work, but that kind of style gets slaughtered in the playoffs, see kobe pre-gasol or cavs last season.

&gt; i admitted lebron was being selfish when he did that but the heat let him and they've had a theme of doing that all season

there you go with double-standards again. why is it okay when bron does it, but should kobe ever do the exact same thing, which he's done less of this season thus far, it's a testament to his arrogance and means he can't play with melo (a topic we've digressed pretty far from).

&gt; and a kobe fan shouldn't talk to anyone about stat padding, he has stat padder of the 2000-2010 decade locked up.

05-06 and 06-07, the two years he broke 30 ppg, his starting line-up was kwame, odom, cook, parker. his '6th man' was luke walton. now i don't think he didn't show off once in awhile, but with a team like that, easily argued he had to score that much to keep the team from being lottery. now you may invoke the inane argument he should have got them more involved anyways, well walton, cook, and parker had career highs in ppg during those seasons and none of those players who left (kwame, cook, parker), ever scored as much as their last season with la ever again.

now i don't care that lebron stat pads, like that spurs game, kobe was one board away and i was hoping he'd get that final board, even in a stat padding manner, just to get that official trip-dub. just pointing out that lebron is hardly the selfless anti-kobe his supporters claim he is.
i watched the whole game, but i think i got more out watching this. thanks for posting this. 
i always thought he looked like [carter pewtershmidt](http://www.rankopedia.com/candidatepix/5329.gif)
any game with mark jackson is dreadful
david stern chose kevin love.
being out of shape never stopped the round mound.

baby can jump, he was just all tuckered out.
charlie is a huge joke. and dwight howard is one of the 'dirtiest' players in the league. i think it's acceptable, but the guy does throw quite a lot of bows. some players need to toughen up.

also, i don't care about channing frye or his balls. he's lucky to be starting on a team.
kg didn't "try to fight" anyone. he got one little push in on howard then let barnes push him all the way away from howard. 
if there was no cap lebron would just as likely be a net. prokhorov could have offered lebron $100 mil or something insane. the guy is worth over 14 billion. that would be like a parking ticket to him. 
celtics 2 please
got a link to the game?
i'm still wondering why spoelstra had eddie house play for 21 minutes when he was 1-6 and 0-4. 
what a great compilation.
always loved this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fgki9gshb4#t=1m39s
i looked for this video for so long without any luck. thanks for letting me remember the hit and run master. did you see how afraid of nate robinson he was?
&gt;a healthy blazers lineup

dare to dream.
he was a great talent, but he was a solo artist in a team sport. that will not get it done.
not as long as people remember him for being a terrible team player and a cancer to every team he's been on.
there have been a few pistons players with nicknames that stick out, including ben 'body' wallace, jason "baby-eater' maxiell, corliss 'big nasty' williamson
don't worry, i'd be mad at both of them. :)

although, something like this doesn't really make me upset. i think it's a tad funny and as i understand it not being that douchy. what was the context though? was it a timeout? or were they just huddling as someone was injured and they were getting a replacement player?
once kg, pp and ray ray retire...
wow, that is awesome.  so much nba history in this info graphic/video compilation.
i'll remember him for this and for [taking a nap on the floor during a game for a few minutes](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dcjxybbb7w).
you shouldn't have a problem remembering this too much - i can't see him ever actually accomplishing too much in his career. meh.
most definitely not the lakers.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11tn_xabz_w
also, if james didn't go to miami, this wouldn't have bothered you one bit.
this is so cool, but it's missing david lee's buzzer-beating tip in with 0.1 seconds left in double ot!
i'm not convinced. aigne has shown that he can put together a championship team once and he had the foresight to see the value of rondo in the first place. i don't think it's outside the realm of possibility that boston could be competitive again within a few years of the big three retiring.
no. it was sometime back when the mavs were still playing at reunion arena. 
no way possible..
awesome... but **he isn't coming back!**
i think he will get more respect when he shaves off the mustache a 12 year old can grow.
yeah i know he can.. i like his jumper a lot actually.. which is almost textbook.. good elevation, good release timing, correct form and everything. it looked like he got no pop from his right leg on this one.. chuck was way more athletic even with more weight though.

either way my point was that the bulky players of the previous decades have faded away and he's one of a kind almost.
i can't believe someone made this video because of footage of mj shooting some jumpers with the bobcraps, in practice.  
just so you know, you are completely wrong about the durantula nickname.  while to my knowledge i do not know if he likes it, i do know that kevin durant fans do like it, my self and hundreds of other fans i know being the evidence of that.
dirtiest player or not, dwight howard would beat the fuck out of kg if they were really going to go at each other.
hard to say, sheer size does not a great fighter make
i had the same problem, couldn't even watch in the first half.  and it was for sure twc, as a few other hd channels were scrambled.
the only thing about him playing is, charlotte already has jackson and wallace playing jordan's positions. if he was to come back, they would probably need to trade captain jack for a big man.
it's a bit of a silly hypothetical, because the answer is "whatever anyone is willing to pay".

i think the better question is: how much is a player like lebron or wade or kobe worth to a franchise? like what's the income boost to a franchise from adding a player of that caliber?
respect. 

skip bayless is a fucking moron. 
were sitting here talking about practice
i do love nate robinson.
d-rose puts together nice box scores. he has a really high usage rate for a point guard.

in terms of shot selection and scoring effeciency, it's hard to beat cp3 at the point position. however, it doesn't mean rose isn't a good player. i don't really see a point in trying to pick out the top dog in any position. i've always been a fan of a "tier" ranking system and rose is definitely in the top-tier.

here's some pg shot location data. http://www.hoopdata.com/shotstats.aspx?team=%&amp;type=pg&amp;posi=pg&amp;yr=2011&amp;gp=30&amp;mins=0
but was the timeout really over? i can't tell by this video, rondo is the only one out there. maybe someone can clarify on this bc i think it makes a big difference.
i like this alternate reality.  dolan and prokhorov get in a crazy bidding war, ending with dolan getting lebron but going bankrupt in the process.  some non-cablevision associated owner buys the knicks, and we get lebron, a new owner, and msg hd all in one felll swoop.
it's just practice. practice?
i think it's more of a result of marc stein writing a tidbit about how michael jordan is considering an nba comeback at 50.

http://espn.go.com/nba/dailydime/_/page/dime-110211-13/latest-trade-chatter

not to mention mj would need to sell his stake in the bobcats. brokering an 11-figure deal doesn't happen overnight.
i would hope that he comes back to play for the bulls if he were to comeback.  he has to sell his shares in the bobcats, as an owner can't play for an nba team that he owns. 

i know he's super old, but i don't see how jordan could be any worse than keith bogans.  

still would much rather he stays retired.  he will probably lose some things like the ppg leader, per leader, etc. he'll be doing a lot more damage to his career stats this time around than he did when he was with the wizards.
wow, that's bad.  reminds me of the scene with donald duck and daffy duck in who framed roger rabbit.
awesome video. but the original premise that espn crocked up is a bunch of bullshit. mj was probably icing down his knees for hours just from one practice
&gt; this really shows how terrible the heat *played* man.
to be fair its hard to spell his name.
is he still playing?
edit to title: slapping a man, then running away.
the update that forces set plays to be called completely ruins it. i probably will not play this mode until that is fixed.
lol@u spelling it traitor.
no, i disliked the celtics long before james came to miami.
so damn true
so was it a concussion?
any higher res video of this??
kevin garnett had just set an extremely hard screen against miller knocking him to the ground, wade then pushed garnett in a "moving screen". the heat were given a flagrant 1 foul, this huddle was while the refs were figuring out what to do after the heat and celtics got a bit too physical with each other.
in this sort of setting, not an actual timeout, etc, this same thing has happened a bunch of times before, shouldn't even be newsworthy.
i would appreciate it if you could link me to a video of this happening before, or even an article that discusses it happening in another game.
no, he was just sleepy and needed a quick nap.  after doctors looked at him and realized he was just being a drama queen, he finished the rest of that game.
the fact of the matter is that it hasn't garnered this much attention before and wasn't exactly newsworthy. if you've never seen something like this occur then you're simply not watching that much nba basketball.
i'm not sure he would have signed with new york even without a cap. he did take a pay cut to play in miami. it seems like he just wanted to play with his buddies.
not the game. not the game. not the game that i go out and die for. we're talking about practice.
it wasn't a timeout, that's why it was legal.  the refs were simply huddling to discuss a call.  no timeout had been called.
in the celtics-heat game they kept censoring out the crowd chanting "bullshit" and clearly censored out rondo yelling "fuck!" as he missed (another) free throw.
as much as i hate the celtics, i love your home crowd fans.  they're true basketball fans and know what to chant at the right times.
that was nate robinson that got caught saying that, right?  for stupid comedy value, pretend it was scalabrine who said it.
[confirmed](http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/s/szczewa02.html).
hey it's all about respect and as much as i bash the lakers, kobe deserves a lot more respect than lebron.
i loved this video, but there's one thing i find funny about the sports media...

scottie pippen has been working with joakim noah on his post game after he finally got the cast off from thumb ligament surgery.  why isn't anybody starting rumors of a pippen comeback?

i guess when your name is michael jordan and you want to help your bobcats with scrimmaging, people talk too much of comebacks since he's had 2 of them.
the man shot 5-18, it wasn't an issue or board or assists it was an issue about shooting! he could have had 20 boards and 20 assists and it would still be irrelevant to our argument about his shooting vs the spurs.


great shooter.. and the victim of the greatest (and only?) [bruce bowen drop kick](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edb6bz_c9ms)
&lt;3 mj
that's what many articles said.  you are correct.
maaaaaaaaaaaaaaa nuuugggggggguuh.
i'm in a pretty hot room but watching that still gave me chills.
i miss ai
you should have requested a charlotte hornets logo next to your name!
that's true. was it mcmillian that played in scrimmages last year because they only had 9 players to practice with? never heard talk about him joining a roster
wally szczerbiak was fucking huge for a shooting guard. i think his weight was around 250 lbs
+1 for you in my book ;)
is it time for /r/nbacirclejerk?
you're completely flip-flopping now. you argued he went into 'selfish' mode both those games. so actually a trip-dub is pretty relevant to how he worked at all aspects of the game that night instead of just chucking shots. he had a poor shooting night true but 18 fga is fairly low for a primary option on a team so he didn't force the issue too much either. i'd be more pissed if he stopped shooting - as the primary option, you have to keep at it at some level even when it's not your night. if he started off the first half poor would you simply want your star player to stop shooting? hell no. you don't want him to force it but you still try to get him back in rhythm. you want me to point out a random bad shooting night lebron's had as if that's evidence about him as a whole? lebron's only had 1 less sub-35%-shooting night than kobe this season, which says more about lebron considering he's primarily an inside scorer.

i don't even understand what you're trying to argue anymore. first it's kobe's selfish, but when i point out lebron's doing just as much shooting on a more offensively loaded team, now, well it's only certain games you want to point out, like those spurs games, except one of those kobe didn't shoot too much and distributed pretty well, but now we're talking about shooting, even though kobe's shooting just a high fg% as he's ever had and above his career fg%. what next? let me guess, because of two games this year he shot poorly it proves he won't step up in the playoffs..
jag take your tampon out and go watch curling 
haha i remember watching that live.
/sp/ went pretty crazy over this:) it probably was nate, though i like to imagine scalabrine saying this, complete with some faux-gangsta pose.
wall-e
jvg is a douche 
yep, just like you laughed at how lebron threw his longsleeves off away from the ballboy in last year's chicago playoff game.
anyone want to guess why that highlight reel had no wizards clips in it.....
just my opinion, i'm a huge durant fan as well. just because i don't like his nickname doesn't at all mean i don't like the player.
sorry i had to go class and i had a brain fart and thought save meant save draft and not submit (too many websites, lame excuse but i'm sorry). well you said he should jack it up a ton if everyone else is having a lame game. the point being that both of his games against the spurs haven't been anything to write home about and yes those games do matter because they are statement games, both teams were obviously trying their best so it has to be noteworthy. 

to be honest with you i forgot what this argument is about. did this start off as a kobe vs lebron thing?


love how rondo is backing down from hinrich and using the referee for cover. probably got it from his new [mentor.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fascljtnj4i)
i do all my shopping at traitor joe's.
your time is coming right around the same time and with a hard cap and a purging of retarded gm's (laker's hero and mvp chris wallace aside) your best case scenario will be the divac, van exel, eddie jones years for a little while.
he should return just so we can call him random dude. because he's so unpredictable, he's **random!!!**
it's been in the back of my mind, but i think being the lakers and it being los angeles we'll find someone. 
ok, well, i just threw it out there.  clearly not all that amazing.
chick hearn. 

marv and kevin sound so similar, i'll take either one.  they're both great.  i love kevin harlan's excietment:

"kobe bryant just sucked the gravity right out of the building!"
lakers1
thanks!
i was just thinking about that...
didn't mean to sound dismissive, i just find the other phrasing to be more interesting a discussion. just a personal thing. 
a man can dream!
fuck, not me. every time i go in there, they take my money and then don't give me the items they bagged. it's my own fault, though. the name was a dead giveaway. 
nailed it.
thanks for the wallpaper
this is so fake its unbelievable. 
just go look at the late 90s to see what players used to get before they instituted max salaries for players.  jordan got $33 million for his last season in chicago, and that was back in 1998 when jordan was 35 or 36.
seriously, there's now like 4 of these ai threads going on, and the guy isn't in the nba anymore.  maybe he needs his own subreddit?
maybe it's just me, but i feel like lakers fans are the only ones who ever say these kinds of things about pierce.
it would be awesome if they let mj come down and play a game as owner, like when they let nancy lieberman come down and play for the shock i think in the wnba, after like their entire team got suspended after a fight..  i'm sure jordan would do better than lieberman, who scored 0 points.
this guy was ripped.

http://www.google.com/images?hl=en&amp;q=wally+szczerbiak&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;source=og&amp;sa=n&amp;tab=wi&amp;biw=1295&amp;bih=679
you think michael jordan is going to come back and embarrass himself like brett favre? c'mon. jordan loves the game, but he has enough respect for it to know when it's time let go. 
i know dr. buss has said kobe's easily worth $80 million to that franchise each year.
there are written rules and then there are unwritten rules. don't try to enter another teams huddle is one of those unwritten rules that really shouldn't have to be explained. it may be legal according to the written rules, but its rude and disrespectful. i wouldn't condone that on any teams i root for, just as i didn't condone eddie house running around pretending like his balls dropped or whatever after he made a game winning three pointer a week ago.
people might forget, but [kobe bryant absolutely demolished jordan in their last head to head meeting](http://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/200303280lal.html) and that was *8 years ago.*  if anyone's wondering what jordan would be like in today's nba, i think that's a pretty clear indicator of what you could expect.
wait, what were they talking about?
damn, what a competitor.
"rondo, tell me how my ass tastes"
i tell the kids these days, "don't play defense with your face," but they never listen.
george karl deserves some blame too.  he left all his stars in there till the end of an obvious blowout and he did it as payback for isiah having fired a fellow tar heel in larry brown earlier in the year.  karl wanted his team to straight up embarrass isiah's knicks, and zeke didn't take too kindly to it, so he probably sent in the goons to let karl know he didn't appreciate it.
celts, bulls, raps, kings fans are the best. just my opinion though.
courtney can't spell. 

conner is paranoid. 
pirate bay, of course.  i dunno, also maybe [here?](http://bt.davka.info/forum/index.php)
exactly. and then, when one factors inflation into the equation, the amount an mj would make today (that's funny, cos saying there is an 'mj today' is quite the oxymoron) becomes horribly exorbitant.

really, though, (and this part of the comment is directed to everyone) all one has to do is think of glenn robinson's 10-year rookie deal he got from the bucks back in the mid 90's if you want to visualize the insanity that would be today's nba with no cba.

but then again, i'm sure with that much time, teams would have learned from past mistakes, and only the lebrons, etc. would be getting paid the price of a small country.

imagine what kwame brown might have gotten lol. he might still be under contract with the wizards if there was no cba.

but, i digress, if the cba never would have come about, the league would have gone bankrupt a long time ago. david stern, and his cronies are no dummies.
smeagol?
i'm not quite sure, but i think it had something to do with practice.
even though i know he was mostly bad for the game, i still can't help but miss the guy. his career just ended so abruptly, and in such a disgraceful manner. shame...
sczczkgerbiyake
and, i love lamp.

now, you go...
nothing against the celtics (actually my 2nd fave team in the l) but does anyone else think those uniforms (which are some of the best ever) look just about as bad as it gets on that fat pos, glen davis? imo, big biatch needs to go to a team with as little white in their home unis as possible, so davis doesn't, indeed, look like a fuggin' baby in diapers.

i dunno, i'm probably just being an asshole, but i had to point that out.
haha, both the pewterschmidt, and the pringles guy references are spot on.

i always thought he looked like a douchebag. i don't care what era it is - mustaches are plain fugly on white guys. grow a beard, or cut it.
he set his steps up wrong. i don't think he is a natural 1 leg jumper.

also, he's not in the nba for his vertical. and he's a damn fine player considering how out of shape he seems.
i admire his resilience against miami, but trying to get in on their team huddle? what is this, high school? 
saw this referenced in another thread, been thinking about it since then, glad to see this video.

now everyone should watch [this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exoxuantx8i)

how the hell do i make my teammates better in practice?

not a game?
so you are saying he is perpetually scared?
dj steve porter is the man...
they didn't call a timeout. 

fair game. i mean thats what timeouts are for right? 
seriously if i had a guy d'ing me with his head i'd be scared and eventually run away. 

possibly crying.
yeah he totally should have fought him so they both could have been suspended during an intense playoff series.
he doesn't afraid of anybody.
i think celtics is a pretty cool guy. eh passes well and doesn't afraid of anything.
smeagol is always after that ring
i have serious doubts about whether the owners/teams would have learned from past mistakes.  i mean, there are now max player salaries, and players' salaries are directly affected by how much revenue the league makes, and yet owners *still* are threatening a lockout just because they as a group can't control their own spending.  owners nowadays simply do not take advantage of things like restricted free agency (in which they hold all the cards for their own players, with the ability to match any other offer out there), and instead often end up bidding against themselves by giving players more and more money than anyone else probably would have (see johnson, joe).

i mean, let this sink in: **the owners are threatening a lockout because they can't control their own spending!**  that should tell you all you need to know about how much they learn from the past or how much restraint they have.
lebron wasnt scared either
it would take me forever to find it, but i remember durant tweeting sometime during last season that he did not like durantula as a nickname. 
to me that seems like a sign of disrespect. you're in the nba. what are you teaching the kids? that you can mess around like that on the court? i guess i just wish he would have put his big-boy game face on. he did an amazing job getting into lebrons head and all throughout the game. that punk move just soured it for me. don't get me wrong, i like rondo. and that's probably why i wish he wouldn't have acted like that. 
i agree its an unspoken rule. just as you're not supposed to take a lead increasing shot with the time winding down and the game all but done. 

*but* he did get into their heads and he has a ring.  you need players like him. 
i was the guy who posted about rose beating the guys one on one (i found it exciting to watch, big deal), no hard feelings. ;)

while jennings is not going to be an all-star point guard any time soon due to the great amount of talent at that position around the nba, he can still certainly be a serviceable guy for years to come. very few point guards learn to play the position effectively at a young age, rose and paul being exceptions. he has shown flashes of being a dynamic scorer, and we tend to hope that he will improve as a player ( he is just 21 or 22). he has dealt with injuries this season, and it takes years to master the ability to run an nba team. i don't see him being isiah thomas, but he can probably max out as an andre miller type of guy. he as taken 10th overall, so nobody expected him to play at even this level.

baron davis is a career 40 percent shooter (iverson and arenas not much better), so there's precedent of being able to contribute solidly without the ball making it in the hole as much as other guys.

his per is right at the league average. there's nothing wrong with that at his age.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rgro9nyxjg
haven't they won like 8 of the last 12 against the lakers or some crazy numbers like that?
i've got one for ya:  (:020 to :040)  http://www.nba.com/pistons/video/2011/02/10/stukeytwitterwebmov-1552732/index.html
8 of 10 surprisingly. i dont understand how they did it but they did.
nah, you'd drop your elbow, split his forehead open or dislodge a tooth, and then say, "son, you don't play defense with your face."

(happened to me once... i wasn't seriously injured, but caught an elbow in the mouth and the guy said just that.)
i have grown tired of rajon rondo. good? certainly. but really, anyone could notch 12 assists a game with three hall of famers running around. 
he's pretty, good, it's not just about the scoring. he runs a good offense on the bucks. plus, last year was his rookie year, and this year he was hurt. he has quite the upside, great first step, speed, leaping ability, that 50 points in a game thing was pretty darn good. 
i'm surprised you listed bulls.  bulls are known for having some of the best fans on the internet, but the internet fans usually deride the fans that go to the games as not being into it.  there are a lot of people on corporate digs goin to bulls games that aren't really into the game, and more into the stuff on the jumbotron and cheering for the bulls to score 100 so they can get some big macs.
jordan's got phil jackson figured out. that's why he practiced with the team.
i know it mostly sucked, but submitted for completeness. 
no prob. just hope you enjoyed.
boom dizzle!
irl, kg would have charged into the stands and beat the shit out of cleveland.
just barely too
love listening to rondo talk during the game. his voice is so distinct. 
any other links? it seems to be on private.
and also not as good as [earl motherfucking boykins](http://thebiglead.fantasysportsven.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/earl-boykins.jpg)
that just blew my mind
is this a recent phenomenon or something?
yet the new jersey friggin' nets are their kryptonite. i don't get it.
the heck happened to kobe's two buzzer beaters vs the portland trailblazers game in 2004? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfb3d1fjhcc
the greatest chant in boston history was "ugly sister!", towards lamar odom.
bobcats always beat lakers. always.  there are only two franchises with a winning record against the lakers: bobcats and... do i really need to say the other one?
i still can't believe people were telling me they wouldn't trade ron artest to get gerald wallace in return. looks like artest did a great job defending him today!
you know it's a great dunk when someone else brushes the dirt off your shoulder.
"arriving at the start of the third quarter, just like real l.a. fans!'       
this post is brought to you by hatorade. is it in you?
42 at the half.
&gt;trader

ftfy
i miss the baron davis that actually puts an effort forth.

i just remember watching this game, the whole series for that matter and admiring that crowd.
watch this one: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn7owqc9mgo

funny, because he was fined shortly hereafter for what? missing a practice.
i have shane on my fantasy team. i had to double check that stat line... pretty impressive stuff. 

100% fg, 3 3pts, 5 ast, 1 st, 1 block. one of my favorite players on that roster - on and off the court.
he's probably going to be a high-level nba official when he retires. he's just that well spoken.

i'm sure that shane and some other starters (kevin martin, scola) would've done a lot better, score-wise, but the bench was tearing it up out there.
lakers 1 please. 

thanks!
&gt;he's probably going to be a high-level nba official when he retires

i hope so. someone like him is good for the league.
i think so...
this post is a protest against the growing /nba circlejerk
that's nothing compared to letting gerald henderson running fucking train on you
hi, i'm a casual nba observer and i know everything about how basketball works . ama
this picture reminds me of jurassic park for reasons that elude me.
i don't get it either

-nets fan
nba tv sometimes has classic games on. they had the 1997 all-star game on today. holy shit, what a great game. first triple double in an all-star game, by none other than mj. then glen rice broke wilt's points in a half. it also had a ton of legends from the 90s (mj, pippen, malone, stockton, barkley, hardaway, hakeem the dream, ect) and some awesome newer guys (kg, grant hill, ect). finally, it had the 50 greatest players during half-time, all together.

jesus, that was an all-star break.
tim duncan has done it before too. to me things like that are a sign of an intelligent and competitive player. 
don't get the wrong impression about non-reddit bulls fans. most are idiots who overreact to everything. the worst are on blog-a-bull.
i think jennings is solid but if we're being honest we can't really say he runs a good offense. milwaukee is dead last in the league in points per game, assists per game and field goal percentage. they might have the tools to improve with jennings and bogut but they have a long way to go and in order to become contenders jennings is just going to have to be better.
really? i didn't know they were that bad, and he's been out a lot this year. shoot, every time i've watched the bucks they seemed okay, offensively. but there you are. 
ehhh, i'll still take him
yawn.
coach nick really does some nice work. i used to think he hated the lakers (and he might still), but i realized he's really an old school coach, and will point out everything you did wrong. so it doesn't matter which team is playing, he can show you their faults, because no one is perfect.  i can imagine larry brown doing this. on defense, basketball is about who makes the least mistakes.
haha. you sir have made my day. my beloved ej and blake griffin teamed up with kd, love and wussell westbrook would be a thing of beauty.
silly kirelinko.
nice try, lakers fan hiding behind a western conference logo!
that would be aldridge letting love know that a rivalry is on like donkey kong.
celtics 2 please
i like all western conference teams. i even like two eastern conference teams. one ends in 'agic' and the other in 'ulls'. it was hard to decide which logo to choose. i actually wanted an nba logo, but i didn't see it on the list.
how many baskets does it take to win a game?
yes you do.
obviously jealous about the all star bid.
we're good at something!
for making unfunny jokes?

yeah, probably.
who knew westbrook and kd were worth only 10 wins...
when this happened my roommate and i looked at each other and then burst into laughter.
this reminds me of the morons who argued for jennings to win roy honors.  i wanted to rip my hair out talking to those people.
&gt; wussell westbrook  

weally?
you know it's a great dunk when they show a noise-meter.  

that was a great playoff run.  especially that first round :)
wow, as a cavs fan, that made me really happy.  

not that wally is a bad guy or anything, but fuck his game.
that was pretty damn funny. [tonight's box score](http://www.nba.com/games/20110214/pormin/gameinfo.html?ls=gt2hp0021000816#nbagiboxscore)

+/-  aldridge +16 love -14
please don't bring up such painful images and fairytales like a healthy blazers lineup.
i think it's only funny because it's rondo. he's so small and sneaky.
yea, they should be better than they are, especially after a respectable mid-season run last year. they have a pretty solid defense, only allowing 93.02 points per game, and that's keeping them from being truly bottom of the barrel. however, all of the top 10 defensive teams have a positive ppg differential, except milwaukee.
if kg played for the blazers i'd never attend another game.
don't start a fight if you're not gonna finish it.
garnetts a piece of shit and one but celt fans like him. i would burn the rose garden down before i'd see him in white and scarlet.
they're definitely needing a perimeter scorer. jennings could be that, but his jump shot is kind of... shot. salmons is okay, but that's the problem, it's john salmons. and bogut is kind of a beast. i feel like they're right there, just a bit young and need one more piece. maybe if michael redd's knees weren't butter.
a lot of people don't know this but if your team scores more baskets than your opponent, then you will win the game.
i didn't watch the game, but isn't 20 points and 11 rebounds considered a strong stat line for someone who was well defended?
i would actually be ecstatic if the cavs could actually pull that deal off.  that sqad would destroy miami.
i told my roommate what happened and he was like "oh" and proceeded back to his homework.

lame.
i think he's making v-day amends by giving love a defensive rebound.
team a: 45 2-pt baskets   

team b: 44 3-pt baskets
i think the biggest problem is that asides from lebron (and at times wade) nobody there has teeth. i mean a real competetive drive, a sort of hunger for the win. the celtics and lakers have it, so do the spurs. but most heat players just seem so unfocused and casual about the game.
uh, no.
since when are quantifiable statistics considered hate? 
slow down there cowboy, that stuffs kinda advanced
whoosh
i'm glad your wisdom can calculate that i'm a casual observer by this post. 

hi, i'm a condescending twit that feels gratification by putting people down and offering no input
i never know with this guy. just a few weeks ago he was raving about artest being awesome.
against the bulls.
i used to get excited about adolph up in the bay. i hope he gets traded to a team that's willing to play him. 
didnt know nba players wore knee pads
a friend of mine is a celtics fan, and he got me hooked on basketball very recently. i didn't realize there was such a thing as basketball trolling until i saw rondo catting around miami during the break.
god i love this play.

&gt;everything *you* can do, *i* can do better!
exactly what i thought when i saw it
really good listen if you're an nba fan
this isn't the first time he's ever jumped in on a bobcats practice.  he didn't join the team then and he won't join the team now.
i heard mj was going to come back and be a part of a 3 team trade with melo and la

/sarcasm

get that weak tot action out of here!!!
our guys bring their best effort against la.  the lakers are circled on the calender every year.  i just wish a couple more teams in the eastern conference would get circled, too.
if by kryptonite you mean brook lopez, then yes.  
thanks for the link, been wondering this too
it's too bad that the projected 30 wins still wouldn't get them to the playoffs.
i grew up watching jordan with the bulls. i was young (maybe 12?), but when i saw this live i thought "best block ever!" 

maybe its not the best block ever, but at least he 1-uped artest.

also, i love ron artest.
[found it](http://forums.realgm.com/boards/viewtopic.php?f=10&amp;p=26802244). it's a fan made mix-video made by the guy who posted it there, and on a few other basketball forums too.

pretty good video. i knew it was impossible but, it just looked so legit.
[relevant](http://www.bostonherald.com/sports/basketball/other_nba/view/2011_0215bobcats_are_lakers_unsolved_mystery/srvc=sports&amp;position=also)
as steve nash has said, "the team with the most buckets /usually/ wins."
not on this play, and not in this picture, but i do recall rondo fouling the hell out of lebron on some other plays, off the ball.
you cherry picked 2 of the least meaningful stats, minutes played and fg percentage. his per is at the league average, he's just 22. he has a very high usage rate for his position, so once he gets better at converting buckets (especially in the basket area), he's got upside as a scorer, especially as the league gets smaller at the guard position.

also, not to hate on your semantics, but what branch of statistics can be considered "unquantifiable?"
+16 wins seems a little low.
i think he looks like a raptor
we want'ssss it...the precioussss...givesss it to usss

rondo = smeagol?
i don't know man, talking about how great a team is, while they rank 12th in the west with a 24-29 record, might be a little off.

however, i do like to watch their games and believe they will be an exciting team to follow in the years to come. obviously they have a lot of potential in lee, ellis and curry, but also still lack experience. 

i agree with you on the aamundson part, just take a look at [this](http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3041/louis-amundson)
it's like all you have to do is throw the ball up and he *will* get it somehow.
really? show me where i ever said that. there might have been one instance where he did something awesome, but i'm pretty sure any comments in which i was implying that he was awesome were sarcasm.
the lakers make superstars. in these games we lose, it's always some guy playing out of his mind that usually never even plays. at the lakers message board i visit we even have a thread to predict which bench warmer will be the one to do it to us. it's frustrating.
reminds me of my favorite block of all time, [shannon brown when he'd just joined the lakers](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcosvkxcmte), even though he got called for a non-existent foul.
i think that was the first time any of us saw his jumping abilities for the first time.
how many points is a jump ball worth?
the elton brand part was the best lol
yes, sir. jordan used to wear a shin pad. 
all statistics are quantifiable which was my point. which is why you can't argue with them. reading comprehension bro. 

mpg is what i picked on because it's pathetic someone shooting 37 percent is getting that many. give me an example of a guard who throws up shots left and right who ended up being good. jennings ruins any chance at chemistry. frankly, he's a bad player who puts up too many shots because he has the green light. anyone getting that many minutes is going to be listed as average on the per because he's going to get rebounds and assists just by having the ball in his hands. like any pg could do. 

"he's got upside as a scorer, especially as the league gets smaller at the guard position."
tell me his upside???????????? he has a floater and his medium range game is below average. 37%- now that's an important statistic. 
just because there are smaller guards in the league doesn't mean it's a trend..derp.

also if you think fg percentage is a meaningless stat please enlighten me on the golden ones i should follow from this point forward. all this time i had thought it indicated how efficient a player was at scoring, but god damn. that's not important at all :o
you mean every possession he guarded him. 6'9", 275 isn't getting any calls against 6'0", 175. still impressive that rondo was checking lebron with that size differential
drose gets highlight reels, he must be the best nba player to ever exist. screw all the to's, lack of defense, poor fg%, dude is flashy, so he's the best ever at anything toe ver exist ever and ever.

now cp3, that guy sucks. his steals/turnover ratio, his ft and fg%, his leadership and lockdown defense...fuck that guy.
well quit utilizing kwame brown and then maybe you'd stand a chance!  oh wait, you also have naaaaaazeeeeeeeee at center too.  shit.
your argument can be paraphrased as the following: "he's not a high percentage shooter, therefore he's worthless, so why does he get any playing time?" 

my response: "he's just 22, and his actual player efficiency numbers are league average, so he should be starting." 

your further response: "fg percentage is all that matters"

my further response: "fg percentage is an intellectually lazy way to judge players. nene hilario leads the league in fg%, and i don't hear anybody in this subreddit claiming he's the best scorer in the league. assuming you weren't sarcastic about wanting to know what stats are useful for judging efficiency, true shooting %, per, and offensive efficiency rating are probably your best bets. i'll admit jenning's true shooting percentage also sucks, as he's below 50%. however, he's not the first volume shooting point guard, and there are a number of point guards who didn't make a high percentage of shots but were still serviceable starters. the upside is he's 22, not a finished product, and they turned a 10th overall pick into a solid rotation player. the bucks suck outside of jenning's play (they were bad when he was gone, too), so their best bet is to roll with him, get him reps, and hope he maxes out his potential.

edit: also, the rib regarding "quantifiable" went straight over your head. i was alluding to the fact that using the modifier "quantifiable" in front of statistics is meaningless, since all statistics are indeed quantifiable. however, using statistics in a manner as lazy as you did is indeed "hating" on somebody rather than trying to argue in an intelligent fashion, not to mention presumptuous.  /done policing. this has the makings of a flame war.
you never saw patrick ewing play then? 
good lord. he is quickly becoming my favorite player to watch.  

check that, he already is. 
wussell westbwook?
how the *hell* can i make my teammates better by practicing?
westbrook &gt; rose? haha no way.

i'm sorry but westbrook has durant and that's why he's playing as good as he is. he's good...but not pg in the league is near rose.
i absolutely love the warriors, but they really lack rebounding and defense to be a strong team. their backcourt is amazing to watch though.
i think rondo got his fundementals from a velociraptor.
helluva play, but how was that not a foul? you can't slam into a guy's body like that. (the mj block looked like a foul, too.)
the guy on the timberwolves has the lower +/-?
"let me know when you start doing things that people haven't seen since moses malone played." - kevin love
i think you're full of shit. in over 15 years of watching the nba, i've never seen someone deliberately just walk up into an opposing team's huddle. sure, a player might walk by a team's huddle and try to eavesdrop but to walk up right into a huddle?

again, citation needed. 


his new jersey?! rondos getting traded to nets?!


i'm sorry, but what exactly about garnett-s game is exciting? not saying he's boring but....
sonics2 please!!
john wall needs to be higher. he's an absolute blur on the court, and has tremendous energy and charisma.
this isn't about the better player...although i do agree i'd rather watch rose than westbrook.
i'd put derrick rose at 2 or 3.
"simmons!"
blazers 2
sasha vujacic did it to the cavs on january 27th, 2008.
&gt;i'm bill russell. your argument is invalid.
this would be better if the picture was taken after he took the game winning charge.
seriously, wtf is up with this person? how are you a fan of an entire conference? that doesn't even make any sense! so you cruise through the playoffs without caring until the finals so you can cheer for the west? oh wait, you've also got the all-star game, haha, this weekend must be really huge for this dude...but i'd be willing to bet a certain amount of cash that it might be a chick. also, i've challenged this person before to hand to hand combat to the death, which was declined, so make what you will of that. 
i was at that game.  it was like the most surreal of things i've ever seen.  like, when i saw it, i just instinctively stood up in shock.  the crowd was dead for most of the game and then went berzerk.  then i remember seeing mj come down and act like nothing had happened, it was like he hadn't even realized how sick his block was.
here you go;

http://nba.fanhouse.com/2008/10/27/most-likely-ignite-a-bench-clearing-brawl-sasha-vujacic/

&gt;he also didn't make make the cleveland cavaliers too happy when he tried to infiltrate their huddle. 

youtube video has been taken down, but if you really would like me to, i'll download the game and chop up the video.
blake griffin always has the dumbest expression on his face
&gt; but i'd be willing to bet a certain amount of cash that it might be a chick.

nope, there are no girls on the internet!
derrick rose should be second place- only griffin makes me go "holy shit!" more than rose. kobe also needs to be higher than eleventh. 
i think the motivation for this post comes from the fact that the ws seem to be on an upswing. 

the record is somewhat misleading... they started off hot at 6-2, and then david lee had his infection-injury that sidlined him for weeks and contributed to a bad streak where they lost to teams that banged 'em up down low. at the time, 4 of their pf/c types were injured: david lee, ekpe udoh, brandan wright and lou amundson, which helps explain why they were constantly getting out-rebounded and were giving up tons of points in the paint.

the first game they had everyone back they beat the hornets on the road, and started their push to where they are now (scratching back to .500).

people here are getting excited because they're beating good teams too...last week they beat chicago and denver, and two days ago they beat okc.

as for the ranking...
&gt; they rank 12th in the **west** with a 24-29 record.

if you have injuries **and** hefty weaknesses (low post), it's damn hard to survive in the west.

people joke about them not making the playoffs very often, but there's a couple teams just like the warriors who would have made the playoffs a couple times over the last few years if they were in the eastern conference.
don't you hate it when during pick up games, you have one guy that tries to make every move through his defenders legs, usually resulting in a turnover
i hadn't even thought of this game up until this point. a little excited to see how they get down. what they did during the carter game was great. wasn't that a close game in the final seconds though? hopefully toronto keeps it somewhat close so it's like that all game. i wish fans were that passionate more often. it reminds me of the big cross town rivalry games back in high school.
what was the official count on the use of the word "practice"?
"let me know when you hit as many clutch shots as me and stop getting your points and rebounds in garbage time." - lamarcus aldridge
nash, rondo, curry all need to be higher, they do things that just blow your mind sometimes
kobe scares the crap out of me sometimes, like when he goes on those streaks where he can't miss
we're on the upswing that's for sure, but there are a few things hindering us right now; namely an interior presence, and a bench. our offense is swell when all the guys are playing well, but you can tell doorl is still getting the hang of things as he has some games where the ball just won't fall. a great offseasons pick, and he's played phenomenally, but give him some time and i'm sure we'll see some more consistency. my only hope is that he figures out something aside from the pump fake, defenders will start figuring it out pretty soon.

our backcourt is fun, exciting, high scoring, but they lack defensive efficiency. monta can get steals, but he gambles often, and he leaves more to be desired size-wise. steph is small, and has no lateral quickness. he made a statement about being excited to play cp3 tonight to display his defensive growth, and there certainly has been some when you look at games like chicago and okc, but that can also be attributed to better team defense.

there's a school of thought that pg defense doesn't matter, and while it may be controversial, and not a lot of stat work to put behind it, it is certainly interesting to ponder. guys like deron, cp3, westbrook, rondo etc. can't be stopped by guys like deron, cp3, westbrook,  and rondo so it comes down to team defense more often than not. if the dubs can increase their team defense then perhaps we don't have to worry as much about steph at the pg; however, we still need some help at the two. i have, however, been very impressed with doorl's perimeter d on guys like durant and melo. he makes the game harder for them to play, and while they may statistically put up a good game, you can certainly tell it isn't easy for them to play how they did.

we have a solid core of guys, but we need to figure out andris' mental barriers, or simply, a solution which would be a free agent in the upcoming class. problem being a looming lockout so we'd need to ensure a contract extension if we go via the trade route. but we definitely need a center that can bang, grab boards, and not be afraid to get physical.

ekpe udoh has played some solid defense, and may be what this team needs. he is still getting into the flow of things offensively and conditioning-wise, but he is eating up minutes now and seems to be getting the hang of things. his defensive rebounding worries me, but his defensive prowess on guys like la and boozer is exciting, so it'll be nice to see what becomes of him.

our bench needs to be rehauled. right now it's thin, but we have enough expirings to try and make something work before the deadline, or perhaps just to let them expire and use that money to wrangle in some pieces this summer.

tl;dr--we have an exciting young core and starting 4, we lack an inside presence and a solid bench, however. but once we can start putting those pieces together, and after we a have a season under the belts of the new owners, i think things are beginning to look up.

go dubs!
dwight howard, ray allen, tim duncan
obi wan ginobili
tells you how bad the cavs are that it only added 16 wins...
did you just call russell westbrook a wuss? :p
same here, it's a game mid week but it'll be a sellout. mlse the vultures they are went to "dynamic pricing" so the seats that were usually $12 all season last year (sprite zone) were $30 for the knicks, $60 for the lakers and $95 for the heat apparently :(
batmanu doesn't need prep time.
i suppose i could rattle off a list of up and coming guys like blake griffin, but it's probably not in the spirit of "not as popular," and there are classic "have become overrated for being underrated" guys like shane battier who are actually valued correctly now that a light has shined on their contributions. here's a few guys i wish were on my team:

jason richardson: i'm quietly praying everybody forgets about him in free agency this year and the bulls can talk him into shoring up our 2-guard slot. inevitably somebody will offer him a max deal, thankfully orlando has gilbert arenas on the books, so it's likely j-rich hits the road for more denero.

luis scola. this dude has a beast mode. where do the rockets find these guys?

ronnie brewer: he's got 2 nba skills. d-ing up and sneaking up the baseline. i liked him as an under-the-radar guy for the jazz, so i was glad when the bulls signed him. too bad they're not playing him.

kevin martin: this dude puts up killer advanced stats and flies under the radar, but he's a silent killer. sneaky-good pickup by the rockets.

gerald wallace: not sure what it is about this guy. he's basically scottie pippen 2.0 in terms of being a physical player and talented defender, and he's the kind of guy who would thrive as a 2nd or 3rd option. only blake griffin is ahead of him on the list of "players who could kill themselves on any given possession due to their style of play."

stephen jackson: he's a headcase who plays with an attitude. some people like ron artest for this reason, but since he has virtually fallen off the map this season, jax is my guy who i think could push a contender over the edge (or the cliff) by helping them win (or destroying their chemistry).

landry fields: he seems like a good guy who has surprised everybody. he's probably playing somewhere near his ceiling, but he's a feel-good story.
i understand it's which is more "watchable" but he goes into skill sets in his analysis saying things like rose isn't a good passer...which is bs too. either case, i don't think i enjoy watching anymore more than rose but griffin/kobe is my close 3.
phoenix suns? psh, no thanks!
his antics can surely be entertaining but his game play isn't all that entertaining.
i'm not too sure of my order on those 3, but rose, griffin and kobe are in my top 3 also.
i agree on landry fields. i honestly think it's more or less because of his 
[youtube video selling his jersey.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9tvpijkbga)

he just seems to have a great attitude and a sense of humor. looking like the love child of an aaron rodgers and john krasinksi relationship probably helps a bit too.

shane battier is just an awesome guy. i wish there was some way he'd sign with the lakers, he's one of those glue guys that every team dreams of having.

blake griffin is also, well, blake griffin.
how come i don't have one? i've asked for celtics 1 a few times. just wondering.
personally, i love shane battier and derrick rose. i appreciate the highlight plays blake griffin's giving us. deron williams and chris paul are always on my watch list. steph curry is a baller too. coming into the league i don't think many people thought he'd be contributing this much this early.

can't believe i forgot kevin durant. this guy is just amazing.


why is gerald wallace over kevin love and lamarcus aldridge...... this list is fraud 
production per 48 minutes of "clutch time" - points


kevin love - 23.1
lamarcus aldrige - 22.1

source: http://www.82games.com/1011/csort11.htm



also, i'm not sure "garbage time" has ever been objectively defined. if it has, i plead ignorance.
steph curry is a lot of fun to watch. his shot is so pure and he has had some great dishes when i have watched him play (which i admit has only been a few times sadly).
kevin martin is good for stats, and very little else. having seen him play for several seasons, i've come to accept that he was/is a guy who can score easily without actually helping your team win games.  
i love kevin durant, and i've been following him since he played for texas.  he's definitely my favorite non-king.

before durant took the #1 spot, i always admired tayshaun prince.  when i played in high school, i modeled my game after his.  i think he provides a work ethic, defensive commitment, and tenacity that would be an asset to any team. 
nice! too bad i missed it. i got home a couple hours ago and they were airing the '87 one. was fun hearing the announcers call mj "the student" and dr. j his teacher. 
oh, i can't believe i forgot durant. i don't know how anyone could not like this guy.
warriors1, thanks.
dwayne wade and steve nash (i even read his biography).  used to have shaq on that list, too...funny tweets.
landry fields, deandre jordan, ryan anderson
knee jerk response: d rose, the entire starting lineup for the knicks, and steve fucking nash. and also, can i count ron artest's twitter? 



i also really like good basketball players. that's pretty much all there is to it; even though i hate it when the lakers win, it's still good to watch because god damn. have you guys ever heard of this kobe bryant guy? he's fucking good. and this tall guy, i think he's from canada, paul gassaul? wicked.



jason terry simply because if he was a rocket, he couldn't kill us every time we played dallas.
dont forget westbrook.  he's just crazy.  
lakers did that shit this year too. talk about raising high ticket prices to even higher stupid amounts. tickets that were $30 went to about $95 face value which meant they went to $250+ from after sellers.
upvote for gerald wallace - guy gets dismissed way too often. he's not having the best season but i love players who play with as much focus and physicality as wallace does.
rudy gay

danny granger

gerald wallace
dwight howard, blake griffin, ronny turiaf, derrick rose
&gt;portland fans are starting to get excited again.

no. not really. 
yeah, well chris bosh didn't mean as much to toronto as lebron did to cleveland.  i understand that its sucks for a team to lose its best player but it was different in cleveland.  lebron grew up in ohio, promised the city of cleveland a championship, and brought hope to a dismal sports town.  chris bosh is just a good player who wanted to move on to a different team. lebron james is just a colossal ass-hole.  a colossal ass-hole who is really good at basketball, god dammnit.
more likely the game winning flop
i think everyone generally just loves steve nash, haha.
dirk nowitzki is my favorite player on any team.  started following him around 2001 and thought his game was extremely unique.
nene, nate robinson, gerald wallace, big baby, rudy gay, rondo, d rose.

edit: and steph curry.
well, pick-and-roll defense, communication, and weak-side help aren't exactly sexy, but how he does it sure entertains me. besides which, i don't think the list was meant to consider only playing style. 

it sounds cliche, but his passion is entertaining. he'll call out defensive rotations from the bench in a fourth-quarter preseason blowout against the nets. he's always the first guy there to pick a teammate up. and when rondo got taken out by big z, garnett was the one who sent a message next trip down the floor. you're not gonna flatten his pg, legally or otherwise, without a reminder that he's watching. to me, at least, that's exciting.
well, i'm terribly biased since i'm a warriors fan, but he's got this sneakiness with the ball thats just amazing, plus he's a shooter. he could be very nash-like in my mind
i watched some monta ellis on sunday night and the guy plays with such athleticism. he just takes off and wiggles his way to those layups. it's a pretty sight.

edit-site/sight. blah.
rudy gay! i always appreciate someone who can give full extension on a dunk.
he's hilarious.
how could i ever forget turiaf. the lakers certainly miss him.
the same could be said for chris bosh, while compared to lebron (which is the whole point of this post really) he's not as significant. to the fans of the raptors, it's the same thing really. the same thing. he didn't grow up here, but he went from being a skinny 20/21 year old with no shot at the big time to getting all of the minutes and coaching here. 

i personally would cheer him **once** if they decide to do a video tribute for him before the game or during the first intermission or commercial break or whatever. that's it. i hope they do consider a video tribute...
i like how you're getting downvoted for asking a question.
too true, he played with real heart when he was in l.a. and although he is a bit undersized, you're not gonna find another big man who works as hard as him.
short fact: it was the first offensive possession of the game.
not in that case, mr. whiner. 
it hurts to say ray allen, but i'm a big fan.
i do have to agree.
miami and their "hate tour 2011"
cleveland.

. 

.

.

oh wait


(sorry, had to be that guy)
while i certainly understand resentment towards a player who left, i don't really think bosh wronged toronto by leaving. there was no "the decision," just the announcement and a thank you letter to the city and the franchise.
and i though i've seen all bruce's tricks...

seattle, no questions asked. we got robbed. 
brian scalabrini. 
the last of the old school pgs jason kidd and steve nash.
you troll. he's on chicago now by the way.
nah, i know when i take somebody's center of gravity straight to the chest, i hardly even move!
supersonics had one of the prettiest jerseys of the nba.

and it was a way better name than 'thunder'
ur shits all retarded dearest pseudo-intellectual . quanitifiable is being used as an adjective , follow me there. statistics is then being described. do you get what i mean when i said that? it is because numbers cannot be argued against. it was an adjective to emphasize those numbers are factual and cannot be modified. 

your reply "he's average and young". we have seen enough of jennings if you watch him play to know that there is no improvements. his shot selection is the same, he has a head full of steam. usually if a player is going to improve you see gradual increases in performance. not erratic numbers splayed left and right depending on how shitty a defense he's playing. 

"however, he's not the first volume shooting point guard, and there are a number of point guards who didn't make a high percentage of shots but were still serviceable starters."

those guards can probably run an offense better than jennings. i read somewhere on this post his teams offense is rated last or near the back of the pack. also, a high volume shooting guard on a team does not equal a good thing. ai shot a lot, he was a cancer. 

he has no upside. 

"also, the rib regarding "quantifiable" went straight over your head. i was alluding to the fact that using the modifier "quantifiable" in front of statistics is meaningless, since all statistics are indeed quantifiable. however, using statistics in a manner as lazy as you did is indeed "hating" on somebody rather than trying to argue in an intelligent fashion, not to mention presumptuous. /done policing. this has the makings of a flame war."

oh you think you can comment, say /done policing and then it's ok? i get it. really though it's not a "modifier" if we are going to be little girls about this. the correct word is an "adjective". it didn't go over my head, i just think you're stupid for not recognizing i used that word to prove that statistics are solid. 

/you dumb

p.s. the way you argue is to never paraphrase someone to try to reduce their argument, but rather take it point by point.
pittsburg maybe?
kd, as the humble and generous superstar who seems to sincerely care about his team, fans, and community, gets my vote.  the time when he [gave out his cellphone number on twitter and asked fans to text him](http://www.dailythunder.com/2010/09/kd-gives-out-cell-phone-number-asks-fans-to-text-him/) clinched it for me.

honorable mention/runners-up: steph curry, gerald wallace, pre-guns gilbert arenas, tim duncan, and nate robinson.
the only/best answer to this question.
eh, it's only a foul in the nba's sense of the word.  to me, shannon gets to the ball and has the block before any serious body contact - or at least, any body contact before the block in no way changed what was happening.  also, if you watch the replays where you get the side angles, it doesn't really look like brown "slammed" into west.  there was some body contact, sure, but no more than is generally allowed (or at least should be).  shannon didn't use his arms to impact the offensive player, and really didn't do anything other than grab the ball out of his hands.  it *looks* like a foul, especially because of the fall afterwards, but i don't really think it was.

it's just my preference, but i don't enjoy the way the league gives nearly every benefit to the offensive player.  i don't like most of the blocking calls - or charging calls for that matter - that get whistled, or many of the little slaps on the arms that get called pretty frequently.  it's like it's nearly impossible to touch an attacking player without getting whistled for something, and i feel that it hurts the game a lot.  that's just me, though, and i know many people feel differently.

also, disregard the downvotes.  the masses of reddit don't seem to really understand how the up/downvote system is supposed to work.
unfortunately i don't have nba tv. looks like indiana came back in the second though. did miami get lazy or did the heat finally spur them into action?
vogel put the bench (which is honestly better than the first unit 50% of the time) in the game. they got hot quick and wade calmed down after a ridiculous first.
jr smith and andre iguodala spring to mind.
yeah i saw that 22 in the first? i was like wow i can't believe i'm missing this!
agree on all of these, but now i feel sad because you reminded me of 07: the core of **j-rich**, **stephen jackson**, the beast-mode version of baron davis, and young monta ellis.

ah, memories...
[here is the stream.](http://88.80.11.29/34105/watch-miami-heat-vs-indiana-pacers)
he's so awesome to watch in person too...my dad got tickets to 2 games this year: vs. chi and vs. okc. needless to say, the guard matchups were **insane**.
you linked the wrong video...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xghlop0odo
well i'm not really sure how that table works, but i guess i'm wrong on that front. but k. love didn't get his double double last night till the last 2-3 minutes of the game when it was already over, hence "garbage time."
we don't need a new team, but i wish the warriors would move to either sf or san jose.
andre miller, luis scola and gerald wallace.
vancouver. we have proven to support any team, even if they suck
talk about a rosterbation session
[a better one](http://www.soccertvlive.net/watch/50492/1/watch-indiana-pacers-vs-miami-heat.html)
does it really matter whether its in a guys channel feed or not?  
edit: sorry i've apparently offended many of you...
d-rose, turiaf, and love--the dude plays serious coalmine basketball. 
i agree. regardless, i think the raptor fans will boo just because they have something else to boo at. aside from their lost games at home, of course.
blake griffin. he's like watching a video game.
whining really? i just feel this is the face he would make after an award winning flop, which outnumber his game winning shots.
it's so bad they have turned his name into a [verb](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjd07jimf88)
bring back the sonics!
thats too bad.  he might want to consider quality of life for when he is older and call it quits sooner.  
his 41st consecutive double-double. he's just three away from matching moses malone's 44 in-a-row. (the record holder of consecutive double-doubles, for those interested, is wilt.)
i bet they could work out a way of sharing the consol energy center with the pens. i'd definitely go to games and there are already lots of basketball fans in the city with pitt and duquesne.
yes because i (and i assume others) like to use the player button instead of having to open the link.
i have a shirt with this on it.
st. louis, mo.
i think if steph curry commits himself he could be like a steve nash 2.0.  both shoot lights out and are creative with the ball.  if he puts the time in and develops his pg skillset he could be an mvp one day.  i'd love to see him paired with a dominant big man.
no, who cares
lebron.

how has he not been mentioned yet? dude is amazing inc.
i was just poking fun. i know what people think about him. frankly, i could give a rats ass what other people think, because he's a spurs man. he's also a hell of a player, and one of the top shooting guards in the league. 
cincinnati! that worked, right?
steve nash is the fucking man. kevin durant also makes my list, and blake griffin is pretty entertaining to watch.
landry fields is the man!
you're clearly wrong in your argument. miller was terrible on d, allen is a good defender. allen in his prime could do far more things at a higher level than miller.
i seriously hope not.  

you won't find a bigger carter hater than me, what he did in forcing his exit was inexcusable (loafing, whining, public displays of defiance, telling reporters he wasn't going to dunk anymore, giving opposing players the play calls out of time-outs) he set the franchise back years by diminishing his trade value.

but cmon? are we going to boo every good player that leaves t.o. in perpetuity? it makes us look like huge crybabies.

bosh was a good player for the the raptors, fulfilled his contract and left because he wants an opportunity to win a championship.  he always said winning was all he cared about so good for him in engaging in a little self help to achieve his goal.  toronto fans, if they had any sense, should give him a golf clap, or better yet deafening silence - it would be a much better statement than boos.
that's a shame.  roy's a fantastic shooter.

how come portland ends up with all these guys that can't have healthy legs?  is it a curse?
dwight howard
fuckin' saved.  russell is the morgan freeman of the nba.
you are a brave man. most people would be afraid to post something positive about any of the big 3.
dwight howard
we actually still cheer at raptors games.
yes, why would you link the wrong video.  most people just click the play button on reddit not open youtube and then read the guys channel feed.

edit: oh i think i see your confusion.  when you click the link the right video plays, but when you just hit the play button on reddit a chris bosh video plays.  so no it doesnt matter if it plays in a guys channel feed but the wrong video does play when you hit the on-site button
ron artest, the big diesel, durantula, kevin love, david lee, stephen curry, and the always lovable 'sheed
it would have been great if we could have beat boston.

if the heat beat toronto they will go into the all-star break .5 games behind boston, assuming the celtics beat the nets.
that sucks man. it's like leafs tickets. heh funny enough i just watched the curb your enthusiasm episode where larry gets tickets up in the nosebleeds from nbc lol.
that's why i'm hoping for a video tribute at least.
reggie miller was a terrific shooter, but that was it.  miller was a one-trick pony in the nba.  ray allen could do a lot more than shoot.  playing good defense was one of them.  he was also better at rebounding, free throw shooting, and 3 point shooting.

reggie also has 3 years of a nba career than ray at the moment.  if allen lasts 3 more years in the nba, then you can compare their stats better.

in summary, i disagree and think you are wrong about miller being a better overall player than allen.
amar'e stoudemire... because he was on the suns.
man, that really is a pile of shit. hard working player, great guy off the court, and now he gets this dropped on him.

my condolences from a cavs fan.
it will be a beautiful thing when they have the chemistry to do things like that every play.
i hate his occasional flopping too, but you have to look at everything else ginobili can do as a shooting guard.  he's a top-notch guy.
am i? 

reggie was the centerpiece of a pacers team that was very good for a long time. ray had played a short time as the primary threat on a bad team. replace reggie with ray allen on those pacers teams. are they better? not a chance.
the original kings, right?
not to mention that reggie was "the guy" on a perennially mediocre pacers team and the offense was often run through him.
&gt; and in a way, the reception miami receives on the road has helped prepare bosh for wednesday night. “i’m as ready as i’ll ever be,’’ he added. “bring it on.”

[from here](http://www.torontosun.com/sports/basketball/2011/02/15/17290366.html)

that was it? reggie was a good *scorer* and his shooting ability was his primary weapon. there have been lots of guys to go through the league who have been great shooters (or one-trick ponies, whatever). the reason reggie is a hall of famer is because of his ability to score, not just shooting. 

reggie was the guy who defenses game-planned to shut down for virtually his entire career. ray allen has spent almost his entire career as part of some "big 3". 
i'd argue the opposite. miller had a better supporting cast in indy than anything ray allen had in milwaukee, and allen did his lead to a conference finals and near title shot. miller, aside from his msg heroics, was rather useless in the playoffs. 

miller only averaged 20+ ppg 6 times in his career; allen averaged 20+ for 8 straight years before arriving in boston.

in fairness,  i'm going on my opinion, when i look at the #s they're almost nearly identical in shooting %s, rpg, apg, spg, and bpg, with only a 2 pt difference in ppg. 
it looks like something about the pacers just works against the heat. i know they didn't win this time but i'll be damned if they haven't given them a good show every time they've played this season
for the first time
i have a feeling that once the heat start rattling off championships that the narrative in the media will change towards them, and then they'll have a lot fans on their side again.  look at how dramatically kobe's perception has changed since he's won these last 2 titles. 5-6 years ago he was public enemy number 1, now he's revered as an all-time great.

its all a drama.
i've read a lot of people who would agree with you that think miller should be a hall of famer because of being a great shooter and pacers team leader.  like you said, there have been lots of guys that go through the league that shoot well too.  not all of them should be hall of famers though.

miller was also part of a team that had guys like rik smits, aaron mckie, antonio davis, dale davis, etc.  it wasn't just him on the pacers doing all the work like a lebron james during his cleveland days.  even without a key guy like kevin garnett, ray allen is capable of stepping up and leading a team.
well, no matter how you flip the coin, scoring is still one aspect of the game. you can go as far and say he was a specialist in what he does, which probably allowed him achieve such a an outstanding record. but focusing on a a single aspect will do what it intends to do.

what's great about allen is that he is a versatile player, yet he still managed to break reggie's record. that's pretty amazing.
lol, i didn't even notice that.
those are all good points. 

one thing i see fairly often in pick up games at the gym or playground is players who think that if they block the ball that means any contact afterward is ok. as if the fact that they tipped the ball in mid-air excuses the fact that their body slammed into yours and knocked you over.

a "real" block, imo, doesn't involve any contact. it's the big knocking (or grabbing) the ball in mid-air. it's hard to have clean blocks when you're running down a guy on a fast break, as it should be. although lbj seems to be able to pull them off with alarming frequency.
vegas
dapper. 
move roy to a contender. let him get his chance at a chip before he goes. the man deserves a chance.
yup, the royals. 
i'm ok with the loss. 
im sure portland would love to drop that contract.
til that alley-oop applies to both pass-dunks and pass-layups. also, traveling is subjective in the pros.
jacksonville, i hear they sell out all of their nfl team games
&gt;the reason reggie is a hall of famer is because of his ability to score, not just shooting.

allen's a hof for the same reasons. he has a higher career scoring average than reggie and was quite effective off the dribble in his younger days. he was and is far more than just a shooter.

&gt;reggie was the guy who defenses game-planned to shut down for virtually his entire career. ray allen has spent almost his entire career as part of some "big 3".

not to sound snide but have you actually researched anything about allen's career? the next best player during his tenure with the bucks was sam cassell, who, while a good player in his own right, was hardly a world beater. in seattle? try rashard lewis on for size. again, not a bad player, but before coming to boston allen was clearly the primary option for the entirety of his career. 
edmonton... as in edmonton, alberta. edmonton, alberta, canada.

vancouver screwed it up, so now it should be another canadian city's turn to take a whack at it. i don't know if we deserve it more than seattle, but i think canada at least deserves another chance.

i may be a little bias.
seattle.
louisville kentucky.
french lick, kentucky.

sports announcers would have a hell of a time with that one.

hell, i would too.
but they still aren't better then the celtics
they called them the big 3 for a reason. sam cassell was a great point guard, particularly during that time, and glenn robinson was a good player as well. ray allen was part of that "big 3", just as he is now. that's very different from being "the guy". glenn robinson was just as much of a focus for the defense as ray was. 

as i said before, he certainly was the primary threat for seattle, and they were a horrible team. wasn't ray's fault, but what it means is that he has no experience as "the guy" on a winning team.
poetry in motion
of course you do! i cheered every time i was fortunate enough to get seats when i lived in toronto. 
as a pacers fan, the pacers/heat games have been my favorite to watch. i don't know that the pacers have some kind of secret sauce vs. the heat. i think it's just that the pacers have played the heat this season after having built their confidence from big win streaks.
pacers1 please
don't think so, he's still owed a ton of money and if he quits he will have to give it up.  if his knee get's so bad he can't walk, they make good knee replacements these days.  they're just nowhere near close enough to compete in professional athletics.
i would like to know if coming back in the playoffs last year did him in.  it was obvious watching him that he was no where near right last year.  i heard people being worried about him.  he clearly came back to soon.  would this have happened anyway whether or not he came back for the playoffs?  if so and the team's doctors didn't hold him out they should be fired.  sometimes the player tries to do what's best for the team in the moment instead of long term.
i love him and he is on my team.  but i really hope he gets traded because he has no chance to win a championship with the suns.  i'd even root for my most hated teams if nash was on them. 
ha ha, 30 second ad? fuck that.
awesome...just awesome.
if he retires due to medical reasons he is still owed the money from his contract.
geez they need to stay put....i still have my charlotte hornets gear. i missed the whole new orleans crazy
[for those who don't know.](http://templestark.com/?p=87)
cool a double double. the reason minnesota has such a great record. you know who made k love his bitch last night and had more points a rebounds? dante fucking cunningham. and he played less minutes from being in foul trouble the whole game. sure he's not nearly as talented as k love, but k love is seriously becoming more overated than derick rose. i like k love and would gladly take him if we didn't have lamarcus, but if he really was the second coming of malone surely his club would have more wins.
damn. i got trolled hard here. have a nice day.
as a pick-up game player myself, that's generally the attitude i have when playing games - if somebody gets the ball clean, body contact afterward doesn't matter (unless it's excessive or dangerous).  ncaa games tend to be called in the same manner, and in general i find college games let a lot more e body contact go than do the nba games.

by the rules, body contact constitutes a foul.  to me, though, if the body contact isn't severe enough to alter the player's upper body positioning, i don't really like to see it called.  and if the shot is already gone, incidental body contact afterwards just isn't a foul to me.  if you watch some of lebron's rundown blocks on the fast break, he gets the ball after it's left the player's hands, but he often gets body contact with them after the shot.  

i guess that problem i have with calling fouls on anything but strong body contact is that you could call a foul on nearly every play, every possession.  good defense, by its very nature, results in some collisions, and i feel the league already gives the defensive player a ton of handicaps to begin with.  obviously the league is more concerned with higher scores and highlight reel plays, but i don't really enjoy the way it impacts the game.  i like every aspect of the nba better than ncaa, except for the officiating.
wait, what!? ginobili had 2 game winning shots in back to back games. and he had another earlier this season, so that's 3 game winners to 1 game winning "flop."
david lee and nate robinson. they're knicks for life
til no matter what people will go out of their way to point out the heat suck
how was i "heated"? i just asked why it mattered...
thank you for clarifying, i don't use the play button on reddit. sorry for the confusion.
*try* to point out the heat suck.
waste of space.
kansas city. the sprint center is a hell of an arena.
chase budinger and terrence williams 
derrick rose. watched him play here in college, wish he played for the grizzlies.
kg also did it while he was in minnesota. horry did it in 2002 or 2003. odom did it to the blazers.
i didn't claim he had more game winning flops then game winning shots. i said he has more award winning flop then game winning shot which is true. he has flopped more then 3 times. i'm not saying he is a bad player, just saying i imagine him making this troll face after a well placed flop, this is all.
damn is that the future of basketball?
i don't think he did really, its 2 steps these days still right?
give him time.  the better he gets as an nba player, the higher he'll be on people's lists.
welcome to oakland, bitch!

*click*

*click*

*(keeps driving)*
only if big country can be the gm.
is basketball that big in canada besides vancouver and toronto?  i thought they were bigger in hockey.  has steve nash made a more popular impact on basketball for canadians?
how about lincoln, nebraska?  nebraskans have to have something else to root for besides the cornhuskers.
we'll give you greg too.
well first off, lebron and wade are garbage (look at stats).  bosh is worse than joel.  and the rest of the team should be in the d-league.  yeah, i proved that shit!
damn, no love for aldridge?  the man is insane.  monta/curry are an awesome combo to watch.  idk, there's quite a few players i like better than the ones on my team.
great photo. i can't imagine any other one-two symbiosis in professional sport ever top these guys. 
haha, kobe's face is awesome.  that reminded me of the cavs of the past few years.  :(
time to look at standings.
note: this is john canzano we are talking about. he has a flair for the dramatic.
seconded. this guy is just different. 
thank you, i didn't think of that.
san diego
montana to rice. young to rice.  fuck it you're still right i'm just a biased 9er fan.
this is depressing.  i watched him play at uw and it was amazing.  as a laker fan i've always rooted for the guy no matter what and wished his knees wouldn't be the end of him.  the blazers curse carries on.
vegas.

las vegas rollers.  dice logo.
agreed.  i'm glad portland took oden over durant, though; would be another great player with overwhelming knee problems.
mexico city baby, cause that might be the most amsuing thing ever
wait. what?  
add that man was picked 58th. best steal of the draft ever!
joakim noah. he's one of the few players that clearly have heart when they play basketball, imo. too bad he's still injured.
[lebron james : 26.1 ppg, 7.3 apg, 7.3 rpg 48% fg](http://www.nba.com/playerfile/lebron_james/)

[dwyane wade : 25.3 ppg 4.4 apg 6.9 rpg 50% fg](http://www.nba.com/playerfile/dwyane_wade/)

clearly garbage. 
lol, it was supposed to be sarcastic, but apparently some people didn't pick up on that.
(joke)
rumours are it's a horrible training and medical staff.

but i'm not one to point any fingers, it may be just bad luck.
michael beasley :)
could have been a perfect slam dunk but he hurried cuz hibbert was getting in the way.
we can always dream...
i have to call bullshit on that one. yes bosh didn't make quite the show that lebron made, but he and wade had documentary crews following him around. to me that's even worse because they(wade and bosh) are attempting to seem like humble guys but in reality they were just as bad as lebron. 
as long as toronto fans don't make it personal, as in talking about players mothers and such, booing them because of their transgressions on the court is fair game. after all when you love them you cheer and post creative signs, and even creative chants to boost up a guy when he does "the right thing." 
que? aunque el baloncesto en la ciudad de mexico seria muy chido guey. y esa es la mera neta. 
to be honest... no. basketball is not that popular in canada (at least western canada). though every canadian sports fan does know who steve nash is, i bet those same fans have never sat through a full nba game.

i was just throwing it out their as it would be a dream come true for me to have another nba team in canada.

i highly doubt edmonton is high on anyone's list of places to put a basketball team. it's a deep rooted hockey town.

we do have an ibl team though!
wade was on fire!

*looks at stats* til i learned that being in the top 10 in scoring is trash stats. 
i'd pay more to watch one of the heat's practices than a game. they must spend half their time messing around and doing shit like this. i bet lebron has tried to catch one of those passes and put it between his legs in practice, or some other next level-ness
the blazers are cursed. the only other explanation is that they've had the worst medical staff in basketball for the past 40 years...
feliz reddit complionos. 
the la clippers are **by far the best** awful team in the nba. 
dude, come on.  you think that was traveling?
i got it, although it took me a few seconds. i hate it when people don't pick up on sarcasm, but honestly it is pretty hard to on the internet.
i think 26
this picture makes me so happy...and also makes me feel old.
now does he get the assist stat?
kd, nene, dwight, cp3, fields.. the list goes on
whats there to respect about a prince james? he runs his mouth and has yet to back any of it up with any kind of hardware
dont forget about those free throws he drained. more than makes up for it. but still.....ugh...
feel like, go ahead, if it's not illegal, go ahead. obviously it's to get in their heads, much more subtle than rondo's counterpart garnett earlier in the game. but which way is better?
gotta love two players:

 rudy gay and monta ellis, bot mvps of the team, neither with their due.
nah can't fault you for saying that. i saw them both on dan patrick a few weeks ago and joe and jerry are still best friends
i think this was discussed on here before. it's a missed shot attempt, offensive rebound, and a made shot attempt
easier to spell than.. uh... wally's last name.
here's to hoping this can come true!

http://www.theglobeandmail.com/sports/basketball/canucks-owner-sets-sights-on-moving-hornets-to-vancouver/article1908929/
damn another good one i forgot. i love this guy.
i had high hopes for him coming into the league. he's gotten more freedom in minny to do what he wants, i just hope they can turn all that into some w's.
i don't know, this is year 4 of bad 'luck'.  remember when martell webster came back from a foot injury, and shattered the same foot 3 minutes into playing?   then there's roy coming back in a playoff series he shouldn't have only to make an injury worse.  then you tack on all of the other injuries, something is not right.  at some point the data has to become overwhelming and something has to change.  
not illegal, no reason not too.
roy, webster, oden, pryzbilla, outlaw, batum, fernandez, camby, howard, lafrentz

blazers that had 10 or more consecutive missed games due to injury in the last four years.  i'm not sure any other team can come close to that number.
#10 this year
#9 this year
#8 this year
#7 2009
#6 2008
#5 this year
#4 2005
#3 this year
#2 2004
#1 2005

what? people didn't miss dunks before 2004? apparently the worst dunks "in nba history" have been occurring in spades this year.
til people can't read sarcasm
oh wow really? i guess that does make sense.
actually i've heard depends on the scorekeeper. a lot of time, assists off the backboard are just counted as a single made shot, no missed shot, no rebound.
hilarious. love it. rondo is one of the few boston athletes i can actually respect.
please tell us more?
we all love it.
we can always dream.
bulls, please.
a lot fans around here believe it's the medical and training staff. a physical therapist went on the local sports station and said the only explanation for a lot of these injuries is the players aren't pushed hard enough in practice so when they step foot on the court their bodies can't properly handle the physical stress of the game.
about aldridge, batum and maybe rudy again. everyone else, no.
him and ray ray. for me, it's only ray ray.
how do we feel about van gundy's inane response rather
i'm not entirely convinced about "perennially mediocre." from the 1994-2000 playoffs, they lost in the conference finals 4 times, and in the finals once. that's pretty solid.
i think it started here.. [relevant thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/fezm6/is_a_tipin_counted_as_an_offensive_rebound/)..

anyway, i think he gets everything but an assist.
yep, everybody needs a villian. lebron and company are good for the nba. its sparked that hate and rivalry in everyone, which is exactly what the nba's been lacking for so long (for me atleast)
chicago bulls please.  thanks!
that is fair, but i always got the impression they were similar to andy reid's philadelphia eagles (good in the regular season then did well in a weak conference in the playoffs).
we cheered bonner. 

the only player that should get the hate is turk. freakin loser.
yeah, that would have been crazy if the dunk was smooth.
come to papa!
right now, pop is the best in the nba.
i'm wondering something.  how come it seems like whenever wade or james has a game like this where they can wow the crowd with moves like these, the heat only beat their team by a single digit score?  it seems like wade and/or james have to score above 35 points in order for the heat to not be totally screwed.
i think most of it stems from bosh being medically cleared to play during the raps make it or break it playoff stretch but refusing to play for 3 weeks or so effectively ending the raps playoff hunt. there is this apperance of bosh quitting on the team

then there is his tweets teasing the fanbase, that whole documentary nonsense and some other things that really left a sour taste in t.o's fanbase. 

his comments about wanting to "be the man" and not playing second fiddle to anybody, and then signing with the superfriends in miami becoming a third wheel. wtf??

if you want to look at how a player can leave properly, look at how roy halladay did it. he'll get a standing o for the rest of his career anytime he comes back to t.o.

you're just a happy guy aren't you?
can we have this wally face as an icon you can type, like in /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu?
why the hell did they draft him? everybody and i mean everybody knew he wasn't worthy of top 5. 

i mean like oden though was iffy still a reasonable gamble. 
he married his step daughter?
it wasn't a 20 second timeout so why not. totally legal for a player to go anywhere on the court during a stoppage in play. if anything lebron should have gotten a technical for pushing him. if he's allowed to be there it's not legal for anyone to push him
it wasn't a 20 second timeout so why not. totally legal for a player to go anywhere on the court during a stoppage in play. if anything lebron should have gotten a technical for pushing him. if he's allowed to be there it's not legal for anyone to push him
celtics 2 . por favor?
i hate the heat more than the lakers.  oh i hate the heat.  rondo was being kind of funny, i thought.  lebron's a bitch.
didn't they have a few fights? 

though i'm sure they are great friends. 
happy cake day
oh, i love that idea.
landry mothafuckin fields 
montreal
deng.  he's playing great ball.
bill russell= on of the best bigs to ever play the game
when we got dorell wright during the offseason, i was excited because he had the reputation of being a good defender (*a hall of fame worthy defensive specialist by warriors standards...*). in a way though, he has become one of the most integral pieces of our team. i never expected him to score as much as he does, and beyond that i love how he *asserts* himself into the game as a scorer when monta's taking a breather on the bench. he plays with a confidence and swagger that has been contagious for the rest of the team...even though he's only 25, he's been around for 7 or 8 years so i guess you could call it somewhat of a veteran presence...

tl;dr &lt;3 dorell &lt;3
i've seen this in an all star game a couple of years ago. wowed it then, wow it now :)

(in other news - the verb "wow" is officially allowed in reddit)
shaq... after watching him play in cleveland last year i didn't expect much. he's been a huge part of the celtics success when he's been healthy this year
yeah he's been great whenever i see the knicks...my girlfriend went to high school with him in the same graduating class so i always keep an eye out for him.
how important?
follow the flowchart:

| do you have lebron, wade, bosh, a 7 footer and some legit 3pt treats? |

---no---&gt;  you'd better hire thibs or pop

---yes---&gt; buy a suit and fill it with some guy (or mannie quinn /that show sucks/)
blake griffin.  i figured he'd be good, but he's been awesome
usually, when the heat have large margins of victory, wade and james spend most or all of the 4th on the bench so they usually score highest in close games (this is probably true for all of the top 10 scorers).

the two of them make lots of transition and fast break plays. this is probably their longest of the season but a rebound followed by a deep outlet pass occurs on a daily basis for the heat. 

the scoring disparity between the wade-james-bosh and the rest of the team makes me worry (they scored 90 of 110) but this game would probably have been different if chalmers, miller, and house didn't go 3-17 from the field. that's far worse than their usual contributions.  
i really like watching matt barnes play.  it seems like he's not gotten the recognition for his play that he deserves.  excellent 6th man that brings some great play off of the bench.
obvious one: blake griffin

subtle and probably more valuable at the moment, playing out of his mind before injury: 
eric gordon

http://i.imgur.com/4ojt2.jpg
is that part of the laws of the cba? or just his specific contract.  also, he probably wouldn't get 100% right?
if you download the addblocker addon for firefox you don't see any adversising anymore it's awesome, works on other things too, haven't seen a video add on nba.com since
on a related note with the quarterback to receiver comparison, i really hope that we can be saying rodgers to finley ten years from now.
a usted tambien. happy reddit birthday my spanish speaking nigga. 
time just goes by so fast.  it's crazy to think that it's going to be 13 years in june since jordan played for the bulls, and just now, 13 years later, we're finally an elite team.  (although we were knocking on that door with bg, wallace, and deng a 4 years ago).
i'm still coming to terms with the fact that my team is the alien team from space jam. in retrospect, the alien team was pretty fucking awesome. 
umm, isn't french lick in indiana?
las vegas.

any pro sports team in las vegas would be awesome
the trade machine definitely isn't exact.  hollinger says so himself.
it's because they ignored what medial records and experts said.  some other teams passed on roy for these medical reasons, but the blazers decided to roll the dice.  hard to say they were wrong, because a pre-injury roy is probably the best player in the 2006 draft.  
it's typical of the nba.  even when a guy retires for non-medical reasons, they usually get the rest of the money on his contract.

i don't know too much about roy's contract, but like most nba contracts, i'm going to guess most of the money is guaranteed.
i think spo is a pretty good coach : /. though having those three does make things much easier.
does anyone have any links on what brandon roy's trade value is looking like right now.

i honestly have no idea what he is being valued at.  

as a bulls fan, i would love to roll the dice on brandon roy.  it would have to be something like c.j. watson, ronnie brewer, james johnson, and taj gibson for brandon roy and filler.  bulls might have to send some things like the bobcats draft pick towards portlands way.

that would leave the bulls, optimistically with the following team for the playoffs:

pg-derrick rose/brandon roy
sg-brandon roy/kyle korver/keith bogans
sf-luol deng/kyle korver
pf-carlos boozer/kurt thomas
c- joakim noah/omer asik

i would be fine with that team.  i think our defense probably gets better as a result of having roy in bogans' place, and our offense probably gets better from having roy in place of bogans.  losing taj will hurt, and watson has been a steady backup, but i feel we won't feel too much impact in the front court, as thomas and asik have both been playing great defensively.  

is roy's value that low now, or would the blazers realistically ask for more?
[fixed](http://thebestdamnsportssiteever.tumblr.com/post/3329441135/you-know-if-this-really-happened-scottie-pippen)!
came here to say such. he has made it incredibly obvious that he wants one more title as bad as anyone has ever wanted anything.
\[](/randomdude)
i believe its a part of the cba.  player contracts are insured for this very reason, so when a  player retires due to injury his full contract will be paid by insurance. also, the team can apply for salary cap relief if a player retires due to injury, so the contract doesn't count against their cap number.
it helps that he's also willing to play second fiddle to perkins
gary neal. undrafted out of college, played some ball in europe, now he plays 20 minutes a game off the bench for the best team in the league.
i would do kansas city, just because missouri doesn't have a pro basketball team, and they have that beautiful arena.  in addition, there are some complications to getting a team in st. louis, so kansas city would make the most sense for the state.
amir johnson's starting to blossom .. slowly. 
derrick rose. i knew he'd improve, but to be considered a legit mvp candidate? nobody saw that shit coming except him.
wesley matthews has really stepped up for us in the place of brandon roy.
he came down on both feet, he then used his left foot as his pivot foot once he took the step with his right foot. he then uses that right foot as the pivot upon release of the ball. it's technically a travel, but in situations where theres a rebound and someone turns around to start there dribble it has to be amazingly blatant for it to be worthy of a call.
celtics 2
thank you :d
i'd say elton brand coming back from the dead was pretty unexpected
phil gets a ton of heat for not seemingly doing much in game.  i think the vast majority of his coaching is done in developing a culture for a team, in practice and off the court, so that by game time, he's not even the most needed.  kobe seems to be more of a coach on the court than jackson at time, but he would have never gotten there without pj.

tl;dr: coaches are important yo.
if you take the first half of the games the lakers have played, shannon was shooting pretty great and matt barnes was making me a happy camper.

**lamar odom's shooting!** 7th in the league at .546 from the field and .374 from 3 point land. both are career highs.
just look at the pacers.
great to see him acting this way after a 20 point loss to the bobcats.
obligatory [tracy mcgrady](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vua74z-cfdu) reference.
scottie: hey mike can i borrow some money?

mike: fuck that shit!
not related to nba at all.
i honestly don't see where he uses his left foot as a pivot even for half a second.. either way i'm convinced it wouldn't get called anywhere outside the nba either and it was a lovely pass.
don't get me wrong, this is an amazing play but it's also why the nba annoys me so much sometimes. please, tell me where wade's pivot foot is on that throw. i know, i know, it's the nba but that ruined the whole play for me. nba players obviously can play by the rules of basketball as referenced by their play in international contests. 

why can't we just make this a point of emphasis for one season?
derozan has really started to come around in the last month or so.  his jumper is becoming really consistent.  
this makes us sound pretty fuckin butthurt over a player who is a third option on a good team.
just found out that it's been done by t-mac, vince, lebron and dwade in all star games.
it's **nba** street.
can not believe to this day that this random guy was an allstar.. probably the worst in the past 20 years.
i thought it was hilarious. 
i don't get why big men don't do this more regularly.. swatting blocks into the stands don't intimidate people anymore.. they will always try it again and again.. but  actually getting the ball and a possetion is so much more valuable. people should listen to bill russel more.
how cute
malone/stockton during the same time were pretty serious.
wes matthews? i think he's got huge shoes to fill but he's doing alright.
lame article. cleveland's whining got old a long time ago, and they had a lot more to complain about. bosh's exit was pretty standard, and the raptors didn't go from playoff contender to worst team in the league because of his departure.
it has been reported that dwyane wade is as fiercely loyal to spo as any player on any team to any coach.  spo is credited with working with wade year after to correct and perfect his long range game.  everything from 15' feet out wade has spo to thank for.
ddddaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww : ) 
the first step he takes after landing is with his right foot, making his left foot his pivot foot.
mj and pip shit on them. serious, yes. holding a flame to these two? never. 
he didn't d any more damage to them by coming back for the playoffs.  he can still play, it is just a matter of playing through pain for the most part
then it's a layup pass!
i feel for you, but yeah - this sounds like an ex-girlfriend wrote it.
cool. you know what excites me? fast break alley oops to blake griffin slamming it down, derrick rose slashing through defenders to double hand dunk, lebron james muscling and pushing head first for a layup, dwyane wade making ridiculous clutch awkward shots. but hey, whatever floats your boat. :)
u ever watch gerald wallace play? there's really not many players who have that much physicality in games. there's a reason his nickname is crash.

kevin love and la, while amazing players, are about as least entertaining to me as it gets....rebound...put back...repeat.
durant, griffin, lebron, wade, nash.
not to take away from rose, but what thibs has done to work around injuries this year has been amazing.

what you say is true, it's hard to say too much without him having head coached a playoff game, but he has been an nba coach, including associate head coach, for championship teams, and many more very good ones, for 17 years.  the guy knows the game, and he's turned a team full of mostly average defenders into a top three defense in the league, maybe #1.
man t-mac was fucking disgusting in his prime.

edit: [i remember one time he scored 34 points on the cavs in a half but didn't return for the 2nd half due to injury](http://espn.go.com/nba/recap?id=240126005)
it was the same deal with the bulls.  phil had everyone ready, and someone was always ready to step up and lead on the court.  it was usually mj, but pippen and others often did as well.  i see the same thing with the lakers, and so rarely otherwise, it has to be jackson.
certainly a better fit for a musical subreddit, but i just thought bulls fans/nba fans would appreciate it.
i forgot to add this, thanks.  phil jackson is most definitely successful for a reason.
well then you're in luck, because all of those guys finished ahead of garnett. my point wasn't that kg can hang with those that you mentioned as far as entertainment value, but that there are aspects of his game not traditionally considered exciting that are exactly that. i'm as enamored with high-flying dunks as anyone else, but is that all there is to exciting basketball players? i feel bad for people who are more entertained watching deandre jordan than kevin garnett, as the author of this article evidently is. 
warriors from last season have to be close, i believe that team holds the record for most games missed in a season. 
pretty lights is fucking awesome. if you have a chance to catch him live, do it!
yeah. we *really* had a reason to resent vince after he left, but with bosh, let's let it go. he's not the laughing stock of the league. he puts up pretty decent numbers. is he a terror? not at all. would just about any team consider him an asset? yep.
mj, pippen and ron harper apparently used to eat breakfast or brunch together every day before practice. i'm sure they had ups and downs, but they've been friends for a long time. 

you might be thinking of kerr, who jordan punched. or kukoc, whom he harrassed. or...
haha. i can normally pick up sarcasm pretty well but it was a bit confusing coming from a cavs fan.  just thought you were crazy and bitter.  
i can't help but think they both looked stoned.
 nobodys arguing good basketball versus entertaining basketball. everyone loves watching great nba players but who doesn't like watching entertaining players? this is what the higlight reels are for. your definition of entertainment is far off from what the author is describing. he's talking strictly of entertaining, slam dunk, fast break, alley oops kind of entertainment. not strong fundamental and defense kind of entertainment. i'd describe the latter as more inspiring than entertaining. however, both are entertaining, but the author isn't writing about the latter.
i disagree on kevin martin. very strongly.
kevin durant will not leave okc because he is a decent human being.

'melo has not done anything wrong. in fact, by informing the nuggets that he plans to leave, he is doing them a favor, allowing them to get value for him in a trade before he leaves. he's also played hard (something lebron and bosh did not do at times during their final years) and seems willing to at least put on a front that he's willing to go places other than nyc so as to give the nuggets some trading leverage. sure, it's far from noble. he has a financial incentive to be moved, but it's not anywhere near the territory of lebron.

as far as the knicks go, if they end up trading two starters and only getting 'melo back, then yes, i think melo is foolish, because new york will probably be about as good as denver is now. however, if it only costs them chandler and picks, the knicks will be better now and have the potential to be significantly better in the future. fields and gallinari are 22, chandler is 23, mozgov is 24, felton is 26, and amare is 28. the nuggets' starters are significantly older: billups (34), martin (32), afflalo (25), nene (28). in a year or two, the knicks have the potential to be a very good team. furthermore, the knicks are in position to sign a max free agent in 2012. how does a core of paul, amare, and carmelo look?
upvote for nene
denver1 please
get over it... baragani(howeveryouspellthatdamnanme) &gt; bosh
i cried a little someone needs to xpost with /r/aww
i've said numerous times to my friends that if he somehow does decide to go to la, how in the hell does he not get twice the criticism that lebron received?
i feel like the blazers would be dumb not to take that trade (or any trade that relieves them of roy's salary). they have been worse with him this year than without him. his best case scenario seems to be that of tracy mcgrady this year -- seriously diminished athleticism, still a decent distributor and spot up shooter. that's the best case scenario. worst case scenario, and imo the most likely scenario is that he is the mcgrady of last year -- forcing up way too many shots, trying to pretend he's still a star -- followed by a benching and a buyout. i wouldn't touch him if i was the bulls. chicago has some decent assets. all they need is a guy like raja bell who can play defense and spread the floor. 
kd wil not leave okc because he is a decent human being? wtf kind of bullshit is that. any franchise player that leaves their team is not a decent human being?


in similar fashion, kobe is a d-bag for not coming to charlotte.
i meant it more like he's not lebron. he won't leave a good small market team just so he can "improve his product." i didn't blame garnett for leaving. i wouldn't blame nash for requesting a trade. they both gave their teams more than enough opportunities to build around them and they botched it. okc has built a nice core, and i feel like kd will not leave the team as long as they continue to make smart moves in an attempt to improve the team.
this is such a wonderful photo. makes me go back to when i was 9 and watching the second bulls three-peat. 
could have been *so* much sicker. 
i lol'd
that is just unbelievable.
can we stop judging the merits of athlete's reasons for going to one team or another?  if he thinks it's in his best interest to go somewhere else then that's his right.  i live in denver so i'll be sad when he leaves but it is his life, not mine. 
he gets the same contract either way, the only financial thing is his wife and even then it doesn't really mean thaaaaaaat much.

edit: also don't throw in mozgov in that group, i think he's actually pavel padkolzine in disguise.
would of have been way better if he fully dunked it, but either way shit was sick.
sydney [trollface]
that is really a really poorly written article. 
mozgov's not that bad, he just got a bad rap because he's this decade's frederic weiss.
that's exactly what i was thinking.  newbies to /r/nba will be so confused and it'll be our inside joke and it'll be fantastic.
fucking sick. today had been a good day for photos on r/nba.
lala and kim kardashian have equal levels of talent. and ass.
indeed. it's like... "what am i going to say to diss ray allen?"
tacoma, wa
&gt;cr: cliff lee, and sabathia — it's weird.

well.......fuck.
hold up a sec... the way i heard it, kerr hit jordan in the fist with his eye   :p
i will hear you out.

carmelo is less mysterious about his intentions. we are more than 50% sure he is leaving. that was not so with lebron. 

but yeah, new york won't be winning a title soon. unless they get chris paul, too.
ha



ha
i wish lebron would have told us he was leaving like melo is.

we could have gotten something for him.
closed the page when he said he liked entourage. awful show.
lol that last line was perfect: "you don't break up with your girlfriend on tv".

but then again, i feel like a lot of people were forgetting that it was also a fundraiser, and tv is tv -- meaning mainstream media does whatever it takes to get "hits", i'm sure a lot of people outside of lebron's circle influenced/pressured the guy to go about it the way he did.  
guys, basketball is their passion but it's also the way they put food on the table. it's a job for them. you have to keep in mind that they have like 10 years (maybe less) in their prime. not everyone manages to pull a grant hill (near miraculous comeback from serious injuries), shaq('s longevity) or a michael jordan (championship contender status in his mid 30s, decent game in his late 30s/early 40s).


having said this, carmelo already said he was interested in being traded early in the season. that's one hell of a "two weeks notice" to me. 


i know this will suck for denver, but this is a business. 
exactly. i wish more people understood this. while it was somewhat low of lebron to go onto national tv like that, the dude is really an icon, and it was a huge deal and the media are the ones who blew it up and wanted this show done. he shouldnt be taking all the flak.
ha, yeah, it was a joke. i live like 2 hours north of jacksonville so i've seen them a few times when they've played the browns. even when they are playing for the playoffs there are a lot of empty seats.
*sob*
that would be amazing
the two teams aren't comparable. half the names on the roster aren't even the same. of the 15 guys that played at all last year besides lebron, 7 are on the roster today. and if you weight it by minutes, it's even worse - those new names like christian eyenga, ramon sessions, manny harris, joey graham, and alonzo gee are getting significant minutes. i haven't even mentioned that andersen varajeo has been injured for the rest of the season, and that mo williams only recently came back from an injury.

sure, it's a funny joke, but it makes no sense, because the team lebron played with and the current team today are completely different, except that the team name remains "the cleveland cavaliers".

lebron is not winning 60 games with a starting line up of antawn jamison, christian eyenga, ramon sessions, and jj. hickson and a bench of manny harris, joey graham, and alonzo gee.
you still shouldn't break up with your girlfriend on tv, even if in doing so you raise millions for charity.
no, not unless carmelo decides to have a one-hour television special to determine where he's going, then, he will have gone lower than lebron. melo doesn't mean as much to denver compared to how much lebron meant to cleveland.
no, not unless carmelo decides to have a one-hour television special to determine where he's going, then, he will have gone lower than lebron. melo doesn't mean as much to denver compared to how much lebron meant to cleveland.
that. bastard.
the only sports jersey i've ever owned was a charles oakley raptor's jersey. 

yep. only me. only me. 
can someone provide me a source where melo clearly states he wants to leave denver? everything i've heard on various news outlets (espn,si.com,fox sports) says he wants a move, but i haven't read/heard a statement from melo himself.
["it would be the ultimate dream"](http://sports.espn.go.com/new-york/nba/news/story?id=6023180)

he' hasn't explicitly said that he wants out, even going as far as saying that he would strongly consider signing the denver offer if he's not traded this year.
you showed the onion who's boss.
lebron left a struggling team that he was holding up. sure they had mo, antawn, shaq, but lets be honest, lebron carried that team on his shoulders. he left to play with friends on a potential championship team in a big market. there is absolutely nothing wrong with that. 

had kd not had a good supporting cast, kd will eventually leave okc, why? because its called having a competitive drive. these guys wanna win, not just dick around and play basketball in oklahoma.

sure okc will continue to make smart moves but at what point does a franchise player say enough is enough and leave? there's a breaking point for everyone.

don't forget z! i miss z...
i don't even think we should say "the media" - can we just say espn?  no one else was even close to their level when it came to the hype before the event.
that's like saying ray allen/glen robinson were a scary duo.

ok, not really, but comparing mj and pip to malone and stockton, whom the bulls beat twice for a title, is ridiculous.
just need to sneak this in: the year that happened, was the same year jordan gave the game winning assist to kerr, who drained the championship-winning shot.

btw.
to be honest, i wouldn't have blamed lebron for leaving if he hadn't been such a jerk about it, but the bottom line was that that team was the favorite to win the championship. they were in position. a true competitor wants that challenge. he doesn't try to form his own all-star team so that there's less pressure on him.
after that happened, jordan and kerr actually came a lot closer together. here's a really good story on it: http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/features/1997/bulls/straight.html
&gt;the bottom line was that that team was the favorite to win the championship. they were in position.

uh...i'm pretty sure the lakers were the favorite last year, from day 1. 

&gt;a true competitor wants that challenge. he doesn't try to form his own all-star team so that there's less pressure on him.

pretty sure a lot of "true competitors" pushed their teams to acquire more talent to take off some of the pressure.  or do you not think guys like kobe, shaq, olajuwan and kg are "true competitors".  you have to go back a long ways to find superstars who didn't try to get great teammates.
that's not really that telling. to get the mvp, they'd have to play a significant portion of the season in the d-league, but the best players probably would be picked up quite quickly.

ed davis played some d-league games this season to help him get into game shape after coming back from an injury. so for that at least it's useful.
&gt;i infinitely despise lebron, but i think the biggest issue with him leaving was that he could have won through hard work, but chose the easy way instead.

i think you're right that people believe this, but i just don't understand it.  there's no evidence that lebron could have done anything more than he had done.  his statistical production was as high as anyone who has ever played the game.  realistically, what more could he have done?  

if he stayed in cleveland, i think he would have had to get lucky to win a title.  boston and la were still going to be the favorites this year.  chicago was still going to look better-positioned for the long-term, and it isn't like orlando is terrible.  and for that matter, a miami team with wade and bosh would still probably be pretty good.  

i'm skeptical he would have ever won a title in cleveland.
i've heard many fans over the years repeat this "kobe demanded the hornets trade him to the lakers stuff" but it is patently untrue.  the real story of how kobe ended up on the lakers is he participated in a pre-draft workout for the lakers which had jerry west raving about him.  meanwhile the hornets had just lost center alonzo mourning and were looking for a replacement, so jerry west proposed a trade of laker center vlade divac to charlotte if they would use their higher draft pick to take 17 year old kobe bryant.  charlotte agreed and the rest is history.

you can read about [the pre-draft laker workout here,](http://j.mp/igflqj) and you can read about [how things worked out behind the scenes for charlotte here,](http://www.charlotteobserver.com/2010/03/05/1289903/passing-on-kobe.html) including quotes from the hornets executive who made the deal ("to think we were taking kobe… we had a small team and we were looking for size.").  but hey, i guess don't let the facts get in the way of having yet another reason to hate kobe bryant.  &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

i wouldn't be surprised if he actually tweeted this one day.
that was fucking hard to read and comprehend. dude should just get a digital recorder and put up an .mp3 of it next time.
i dunno why but it was so easy to read this interview in chris rock's voice in my head
