mass torture at guantanamo?  i would love to see a source on that one.  the only i have heard there is sleep deprivation and loud music.

abu gharib?  that was an isolated incident and only the "bush is hitler" nutjobs think the administration had a direct hand in it.

renditioning?  i hate to break it to you but enemy forces fighting on a field of battle *out of uniform* have no rights under geneva. none, zip, nada.  call it wrong all you like, but illegal its not.

fisa?   this has been done in drug enforcement long before wot.  and there is no spying on 'millions' of citizens either.

the roving wiretaps are on *individuals* which we are trying to monitor, therefore law enforcement should be able to track them on new phones. if you think terrorists under surveillance should be able to just grab a new cell phone at wal-mart and start the whole judicial review process all over again you are crazy. 

&gt; the white house stuck to polite, if restrained, congratulations. "obviously, it's an important recognition, and we're sure the vice president is thrilled," spokesman tony fratto told reporters aboard air force one heading here friday.

what? dick cheney is happy for al gore? and what's dick cheney doing on air force one? has he taken over for real now and isn't just lurking behind white house bushes?

oh.. oh... yeh, now i get it. the american habit of continuing to address an ex-office-holder by their former title. once a veep always a veep. sort of like colonel sanders.
you *must* worship at the goracle:

http://i65.photobucket.com/albums/h219/pjcomix/blog/goracle.jpg

i'm far from self-loathing, and i'm about as sane as it gets.  the people who don't understand how our (the u.s.'s) policies in the middle east would push someone to commit an act of terror is mentally diseased.

do the people deserve to die?  no.  can i understand why they did?  yes.
 yes, he seemed to squeeze too much about the financial system into a short space of time, so making a little too generalized.

there is more on how money is newly issued and to who it is distributed first, in 3 good documentaries...

'money as debt':

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-9050474362583451279 (45 mins)

'fiat empire':

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=5232639329002339531 (1 hour)

'the money masters':

part 1. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6076118677860424204 (1 hour 45 mins)

part 2. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-7336845760512239683 (1 hour 45 mins)

i'm not for a gold backed currency.  i'm for a system of free market competitive demand-led banking (no cartel centralization, monopoly or instability) like what we had for most of the time during the first half of the united states history before the rothschild powerful banks with the help of warburg and rockefeller took control and started issuing fiat money as debt and forcing everyone to use their currency with the help of law and executive orders, thus talking away from the people instead of investing in the future of our children.

 
you only have to look at the source of the information for this to be suspect.
i understand property and justice.  if you do stupid shit, you deserve to have stupid shit happen to you.

karma is a wheel, my friend.  :)
"asking for it" and "deserved it" approximate to the same thing politically.  at least as far as i'm concerned.  if you're stupid enough to "ask for it", then you deserve what you get.
i hear and love your sarcasm.
would i prefer they attack government only targets?  yes.  is that realistic for a non-state political party?  probably not.

i'm not saying i condone it, but that i understand how we got there.  if you're not willing to understand the problem then you can never solve it.
no but it would be fun watching those two destroy each other in the debates.
this is so.
politics?
you can find more information about nevada football here:
http://actualurls.com/nevada_football
you can find more information about nevada football here:
http://actualurls.com/nevada_football
nader is quoting us congressman john olver's response to the councils of 13 towns in his district (massachusetts' first) that have called for impeachment this year.
somehow the shallowness of your comment makes it ironic..
a scorecard of the 21 bush appointees who have resigned under a cloud of controversy with brief explanations of each.
sure it is, expecting them to vote that way isn't.

&gt;i wasn't telling anyone how to mod 

?


&gt;only requesting that they not mod a certain way for a particular reason.


seems you contradict yourself.

justice.
if there's no probable cause, then there's no reason to look.
gay ole party.


a lot of sick fucks republicans are.
gaped tooth moron is rice
george bush is hilarious...in an evil kind of way!! http://www.lolviral.com/?s=bush
query:

what do the people of a democratic republic do when their elected officials no long act in accordance to the will of the electorate?

i wonder where these politicians get this information from.  do they call ms. cleo or do they all just own crystal balls?
&gt;al-qaeda in iraq reported stronger than ever

what?  the article is titled, "al-qaeda in iraq reported crippled"... the **opposite** of what you titled this submission.  please take your spin elsewhere.
nor is bush the leader of the usa.
apparently they even have a name for it.. the amero. it's like the world is teaming up into to fewer but larger teams. imo; not good.
what gets me is that all this stuff in mass. amounts to just one impeachment vote in the senate. hardly  enough to accomplish anything 
i wonder why the downmods. is it because people like nixon or don't like negative comments about paul?


 oh, granted - no argument here.  it just seems than america generally has a massive problem understanding why anyone would have a problem with its behaviour until someone can point at someone who's simultaneously both worse *and not* someone you traditionally think of as "a bad guy" anyway.

fortuitously, these days that "even worse not-traditional-bad-guy" is your own administration, so you guys are starting to see *now* how you looked to the rest of the world *before* bush and cheney started up.

project the line accordingly and you'll see what america looks like from the *outside* right now... &lt;:-) 
he was funny when he was saying things i agreed with.  now that he's saying things i disagree with, he's not funny any more.

read his _we the people act_: thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/z?c109:h.r.4379:

sorry that you don't like this, but that is paul's signature bill and i have described it correctly.


who still has yet to be impeached...
ya, i just look and laugh. so what about that long term drought that caused the lush area what is now called the sahara desert from? global warming too? or is that different. 

the earth is not a static climate. but hey once the world catches on fire and we all start mutating i'll shut up, but until then, keep trying to convince me that burning of fossil fuels has a significant effect on our climate.
yeah cause he was real hilarious when the daily show was fixing news that broke...
wake up sheeple!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
damn those who down-mod the truth.
they get them the same way everyday, ordinary people get "gossip": they know people who are higher up, and those people confide in things they technically shouldn't in oblique ways so as to protect themselves from said "gossip".

not that this would qualify as political "gossip" imo.  sounds about right....


i doubt it, also from what i can tell most military leaders fucking hate bush, they just don't speak up until they retire, because they are spineless idiots, more concerned with their jobs than doing what's right.  so i can't imagine to many of them would follow bush down the road of country wide martial law it just would not happen.
attention whore

nothing more
now the main thing is to get young people to vote.
downvoted. get the title right. it's crap/lying/wrong titles like this that are making reddit worthless.
if true: wow!
why would anyone consider that moron for anything to do with peace and the helping of this failing world?

rush, he's part of the problem.

republicans, part of the problem.   
woah :o holy fuck!
bull.

even if there were rfid chips in $20's, they wouldn't set off department store scanners.
what makes this so odd is that they haven't need the 'timely warrants' for years, they just did whatever


so why did they need the warrants this time?  or is this simply to be used in the future to take away more rights of the us citizen?


this is a planted story
related kind of...there should be forced term limits just like the president.
ha ha!!!!  idiot repugs, just quit and let the only person who has a chance, ron paul, run

kucinich paul '08.
holy crap. 
&gt; i have the view that it is a human being, and thus it should have the right to life. if you don't hold the same view, then i think we can respectfully disagree.

i respect your value-based ethics highly, even if i do not agree completely with your views.  however, other ethical approaches are possible, for instance a utilistic one.  vastly simplified, one just asks "will more people be helped/damaged by action x or action y?" and act accordingly to minimize the harm to the lot.  the latter has the disadvantage that it necessarily relies on estimates and one may overlook important secondary effects etc..  it has, however, the distinctive advantage that people with different principial values can agree on a common base and measure and come to an agreement, however imperfect.  
i'm willing to belive him.

*i* wouldn't be happy if i was caught, either.
that seems like more of a problem with you than with jon.
while cnn this morning did an entire piece on why they haven't seen fred thompson in over a week (yet more free publicity even when he's not doing anything). 
i like the fact that jon is more honest now than he was in the past.  as to the humor of the show, the only downside to the show is that it is so popular, that they keep losing their best correspondents to other projects.
please do not attempt to equate them. they are not the same by a long shot.
i don't care. i find his reporting and interviewing far more down to earth than the reporting on mainstream news (that's sad), and if i still by some chance happen to be entertained, so much the better.
well, have you looked on the back of a $20 bill...on weed?
good riddance
because of the way rfid chips work. the scanner sends out a signal at a certain frequency. the tag picks up that frequency, which energizes it, and it replies by sending back a code of numbers. it's the barcode of that rfid chip. the ones used in stores are programmable, meaning the scanner can not only read them, but also change the numbers inside them. when you buy something, the machinery at the cashiers desk flips one of the bits inside the chip so the store's security system will recognize the item as having been bought. if the bit isn't flipped, then it will set the alarm off.

there would be no reason to use the same schema for designing a currency barcoding system. they would have to use the exact same barcode for all of the bills number one, which would be pointless if the idea is to track the money or to verify it is real. they would put individual serial numbers on each bill's chip.
hey, if you could whack kennedy, shrubco should  be a piece of cake.
he was being sarcastic.
this story must be false.  fisa laws allow for ex-post warrants, up to 72 hours after the tap is started, so that law enforcement can move immediately and ask for permission later.  there is no way that this would happen because of fisa.
indeed. we have 10,000 nuclear devices, which is enough for military defense. 

the danger is really internal--the corruption of washington which is bringing in the invasion of illegal aliens. 
as if...
also, what's the best way to get any attention in the us? make a movie out of it. look at michael moore and health care. whether or not you agree with universal health care, you have to at least acknowledge that the documentary helped get the topic back in the spotlight. the same can be said about gore's documentary and global warming.
geezus folks, there aren't rfids in 20s, there is magnetic ink though.

and have any of you burned a bag of microwave popcorn before? most microwaves have a hot spot right in the center. so between the magnetic ink ( contains iron oxide particles ), and the hot spot, burning a hole in the bill is not unlikely.

if there is a rfid tag, you'd see/feel it.

http://www.snopes.com/business/money/strip.asp
http://blogcritics.org/archives/2004/04/12/151043.php
here's a clue people. bin laden is responsible for every death on 9/11. you can argue that we should have responded better but to blame these deaths on anyone else because of they way they responded makes those people scum who gleefully exploit the tragedy for their own political means.
you do know that isn't *really* jenna bush, right?
c'mon he's a republican. give the guy a break.
would it be better for the people that detest bush to resign or put themselves in a position to be fired thus creating a vacancy bush would try to fill with his cronies? 
rfid tags do set off store scanners. i carry an id fob on my key chain to open doors at work. it sets off alarms at 90% of the stores i go to. 

by the way. stores have no right to search you when these alarms go off. 
f'n nazis.
meet the new reddit, with same moronic submitters as the old reddit.
wow! what a shocker! after saddam attempted to assassinate a us president,paid suicide bombers to attack israel and shot at our planes in the 90's, we actually drew up plans to fight back!
completely stupid idea.

look into research about 'cognitive bias', esp. hot confirmation bias.

everybody is susceptible to it, including programmers.

they make them small enough to fit in a bill now, that part i don't doubt. read these two articles that discuss the newest technology:

http://www.rfidjournal.com/article/view/337/1/1
http://www.technovelgy.com/ct/science-fiction-news.asp?newsnum=939

what people don't understand is that rfid has been in wide use for many many years now. it's nothing more than a fancy barcode that can be read from a distance.

it's used to keep people from stealing dvd's, it's used to find items in a large warehouse, it's used on your good to go automated toll passes, to track your lost pets and dozens of other every day uses.

it would be pointless to chip money in order to track what you're doing. number one nobody has any way of knowing what particular $20 you would have in your wallet. you get money not just from the bank or an atm, but as change from the grocery store, from friends, family, whatever the source. how is the government going to track that a single bill belongs to a certain person. what would be the point?

the only reason to chip money would be to keep people from counterfeiting it. period


 then the company that made your id's was very, very lazy, or very, very stupid. because that means i could potentially buy a dvd, take out the rfid chip in the case, and enter your office since they used the same barcode structure. 
congress doesn't have any balls.
i hate you
comments are not for decoration.

&gt; tuber 7 points 1 hour 
nader is quoting us congressman john olver's response to the councils of 13 towns in his district (massachusetts' first) that have called for impeachment this year.
he is? i thought for sure it was saddaam h. based on all the spin. :-/
here is a [reputable scientist](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reid_a._bryson)  on the unpopular side of the argument.
the only reason that there is not debate is because those arguing that humans are the primary cause of global warming refuse to debate those on the other side.
once again, the dlc is utterly spineless. olver is on record saying that he would not vote to impeach, and would need evidence that it would not be counterproductive to even try. the bottomline is that the dems don't have the spine for a serious political showdown, just when the country most needs one. it sets the stage for the executive branch to feel utterly justified in simply pushing them out of the way next time.
in what sense is this politics?
"forget the nazi's. what about the churches not speaking up for our liberties today? "

i think that's the implicit message, that at one time fascism was closely tied to religion.  implicitly: might it be again?

not sure about your comment about fiat money, though, buddy.
i believe him.  check out that wide stance.
i ran for state senate a few years ago. i got waxed. `:-(`
"with his eventual plan to completely eradicate it."

i'm losing your point, here.  i think the implicit message of this website is: 'look at this historical pairing of fascism and religion.  might that happen again today?'

that does appear to be what happened, regardless of his "eventual plan."  it seems the implicit conclusion still follows.  do you disagree?
president bush recently declared two large regions of the country "national interest electric transmission corridors," opening the door for the federal government to overrule local and state control over where and when transmission lines are located.  this is the first of a four part series discussing the ramifications of the energy policy act of 2005 with respect to electric transmission lines, local control, eminent domain, and federal authority.
i just talked to the guys in it, who program these rfid's, and they suggested that you don't understand this technology as much as you think you do. i would have to agree. i set off alarms at circuit city and old navy. two stores with completely different products and barcode databases. how can you explain this? 
and no. a random dvd rfid will not give you access to my office. 
i bet the bush administration is the first administration to ever do anything like this!
10 years later?
his movie was alright, i give it a b-
yes, we must give bush unlimited power or else he might have to take unlimited power.
firstly, the vatican is a sovereign nation and this is a story about their internal politics.

secondly, religion is by its very nature political.
you mean the site that scientist who are making a living off global warming tell us (surprise) that it really is real?
i am an engineer at a barcoding company. i write programs that run on windows mobile to read rfid chips. i know a few things about them.

as for setting them off at old navy and circuit city, they in all likely hood use the same rfid chips. loss prevention chips don't have the actual items barcodes in them, they have a very short id that tells the security scanner whether the item is "bought" or "not". the item barcode is printed on the tag that the cashiers scan when you buy it, then it swipes over a part of the table that reads the theft chip and changes the id number to the "bought" code so you can walk out the door with it.

if your key chain is sending out the same signature as an "unbought" loss prevention chip, then there is a potential that any chip putting out that signal would open your door.

of course your it department doesn't think they're wrong. i've never met an it guy that thought he was wrong. 
well, golly, thanks for enlightening ignorant old me! golly!
iraq, iran and france if you listen to faux news often enough.

it was ironic the changing the name of french fries to freedom fries when france was pretty much right all along.

also, another point i thought about the other day is the word "fries" was once assumed to be a noun... now it looks more like a verb. they're frying your freedom and nobody even cares.

im in ur govment frying ur freedumz!
what is it about catholic men and having sex with little boys? its called a prostitute, people! come visit nevada!
the international panel on climate change says that it's 90+% certain of human-caused climate change.

http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2007/02/the-ipcc-fourth-assessment-summary-for-policy-makers/

that leaves, even in their model, a respectful 10% chance that they're wrong. lots of people have opinions, many of them are professional scientists, some of them are very, very good professional scientists (freeman dyson, for example.)

now, a 90% confidence interval is enough to change policy, and certainly enough to start preparing for big changes. if we were 90% certain of earth being hit by an asteroid, we'd start pushing to get the damn thing out of the way.

but 90% certain is not enough certain enough to still discourse or mock people for their views in a scientific context. and people outside of the ipcc clearly have much, much different estimates on the real probability that we are changing the climate.

my own feeling is that we're going to find out that underlying cycles are doing most of the work of warming, but that we're making one of those cycles worse, and that biome loss is a further destabilizer. but that's just my guess.
yeah!  totally!  right on!  kick ass!  usa! usa! usa!
 bad article with a misleading title. perfect fit for the huffpo. 
he was only doing research as part of his work as a psychoanalyst... 
... 
bwhaahaahaahaahaaha!

 this is such made for tv bullshit.

what "jihadist" in their right mind would allow themselves to be interviewed by the new york times.

bullshit.

they're just trying to create the background from which they plan on cracking down on anyone who opposes the war. 
thanks ralph. now please crawl back under your rock and do what you do best, that is underpaying and busting unions at your own "public interest" organizations.
 i will offer the same challenge as i offered to someone else: wrap your lips around an exhaust pipe, have someone start the car, and tell me (if you survive) that burning fossil fuels has no impact.

no, i do not want you to try this. but i hope you see the point. the stuff we spit into our air doesn't just disappear. some, but not all, is handled by natural processes and goes away. but in limited quantities. when we are pushing too much into our environment too fast, it doesn't get handled naturally. la, atlanta, beijing...there are plenty of places on the planet that you can look at and say "damn!" we are causing problems. i don't know what the overall impact is, or if we are changing things on a global scale, but it isn't good!

the planet definitely goes through cycles. we now this, indisputably. but it doesn't change the fact that we are having negative impacts, at the bare minimum, at local levels (cities, states, regions). 
turkey has beef with the kurds, so that would be an interesting little addition to iraq.
there are over 500 employees in my company and each has a unique rfid code to keep track off hours and access designated areas. several of my co-workers have the same situation with setting off alarms at stores. is it possible that the store alarms react to unrecognized codes as well as "unbought" codes?

i'm gonna get a wad of brand new $20's today from the bank and test this out when i go shopping later. i'll get back tomorrow with the results. (of course, i will leave my fob at home)
  like it or not, it's not that they're spineless idiots.  they are trained to respect the rank even if they can't stand the person.

it's an issue of self-discipline that has been ingrained in them since boot camp.  you speak out and dissent, then the system breaks down or the system breaks you down.

it's a flaw that was quite apparent with colin "the good soldier" powell when he was secretary of state.
  
fcc commissioners are appointed by el presidente.
&gt; some of the fake news segments talked up success in the war in iraq, or promoted the companies' products. 

did they just call the bush administration *a company?*
most of congress and americas corporations and msm are complicit in what we have been enduring . there needs to be more people held accountable than bush alone, although that is where it should start.
 its a trap!  
  
*edit:*i'm not joking that was his opening gambit; *"it's all false; it was a trap."* 
also, see blackwater
cancel the 2008 elections? what a ridiculous claim. this is just an excuse by the dems to justify not having the balls to stand up to the president. 
20% of fox is owned by the saudis. they are coached weekly by cheney over their content. nothing new here.
 &gt; i'm beginning to wonder if this is this really a democracy any longer?

what does the author mean by the word "*democracy*"? 
&gt; yet rice is at home kicking with her hind legs while she licks with her tongue — *a russian proverb defining a hypocrite*.

nice emphasis where none belongs.

also, i have never heard that proverb in my entire life. neither has яndex.
i am planning on getting some 20's today and run them under the different scanners we have here.

most stores that use the loss prevention tags use ones that are either active, or inactive. if they went off for any unrecognized barcode they'd go off all the time. my id has never set off a scanner before, but our cards are short range (less than 6 inches). even then i'm sure i've brushed up against the tower scanners they put just inside the doorways.
so, that's why ot laws stipulating extreme punishments for things like wearing clothing with two kinds of thread, children being disrespectful to their parents, planting a field with two kinds of crops, and the many similar such laws no longer apply?
 not quite: previous sentence:

"federal authorities are actively investigating dozens of american television stations for broadcasting items produced by the bush administration _and major corporations_, and passing them off as normal news." 
lol, let's invade someone's private and personnel (and quite legal) life style because we don't agree with his faith. why are you libs so against personnel freedom and choice. do you really want a big brother society where we single out and chastise people because of their sexuality?
404 not found

he's cleansing....
&gt;makes those people scum who gleefully exploit the tragedy for their own political means

you, sir, win the unintentional irony of the day award.
this is the government we're talking about here.  getting something done in only 10 years is lightning fast for them.
so people would be going to war over antarctica and the last cool places on earth?
&gt; ...she understands voter dissatisfaction on the issue that has sent the congressional approval rating tumbling. 

...and cause her to lose her seat in the senate.  the people of the bay area will not reelect her.
yesterday i was on my once a year flight,,(sorry, i'm venting), but since i have artificial hip i always set off the metal detector. which means i am  always treated like a criminal every time i fly. and also every time i fly  my luggage is "randomly selected" to be rifled through.
 but i feel so much safer!!!(not!!)
lol...these aren't gay men. they're simply men who want to have sex with other men.
will we get to play soccer with pele when we're moved to the fema prison camps?  i like soccer.
why can't i go to the website? does anyone remember what url that story was at? the link doesn't work anymore.
is it all that hard to believe? i could see chimpy doing something like that. god speaks to him, and god wants him there... any attempt to remove him is satanic in origin.
uhmmm, he's not being singled out and chastied because of his sexuality.  most gays don't make the front page...

he's being singled out and chastised for his hypocrisy.  being a high ranking member of an organization that takes an official diametrically opposed stance to what appears to be his actual personal preference.

i do want a society where people are singled out and called on their bs.
what's that smell? self congratulatory? 
isn't it just a division of haliburton? 
&gt;how do we assess candidates' chances? polls measure breadth of support (giuliani has a lot, paul only a little). the candidates' bank accounts (personal money or money raised) offer another clue to their eventual viability. so do their electoral track records. no house member in my lifetime has been elected president. if ron paul and dennis kucinich were the governors of texas and ohio, respectively, they'd get a lot more coverage. 


harwood used fundraising strength as one of the criterion for determining how much coverage to give to a candidate. paul raised $5 million in the last quarter. by cnbc's own standards this should qualify him for greater coverage.
hi there... why don't you take a seat over here?
yeah... like "i don't do cocaine, i just like the smell of it"?
um.

even if he ends up being right, and "climate change" is a problem, he's not right yet. it remains to be seen.

all he's done now is get scientists to agree with him. hardly empirical.
"faux news"!  i get it!
i think the correct term is 'parroty'.

:d
if the dems stood up to the executive and made a public outcry of the abuses of power, then they'd have to give back some of that power, and they really don't wish to do that. hillary and co. are salivating at one day wielding that greatly expanded power.


that was a quote from a fox news interview, where someone was talking about larry craig. i saw it on the daily show(with that clip making the frint page of reddit and digg) for christ's sake. just goes to show what an uninformed ass you are. downvote more?
the author needs a remedial grammar course urgently.
yeah, but unless you're dutch, who wants to play wearing orange?
ok.  are there any republicans who are not gay?
any links to an article that cites an example of a bush planted story?
downmodded for painful midi music apparently from an episode of *knight rider* and unnecessary ron paul boosting.

it's the final countdown!
bingo.
romney and hunter were the only two candidates to attend the event, and ron paul won with more than double romney's votes.  how can romney still be considered top tier if he loses badly to a non-present "second tier" candidate?
i thought there was going to be some sort of proof that he's not funny - like ratings - but it's just 1 guy's opinion.
awww, that was nice of him.  he still sucks at life though.
from my experience with detainees while serving, i'd have to say abu ghraib was more than likely an actual batch of bad apples. we were all very professional with detainees we took, and we were an infantry line platoon. most of the detainees we captured were caught in the act of planting ied's specifically targeted at my platoon, since they were in places in the ao only we would go (off of the msr). to not beat the shit out of these idiots, despite actually facing threats they created (unlike the mp's at ag who never left the wire and had none of their brothers in arms killed by ied's)showed a very large amount of retraint and professionalism, imo. one pair of sentries watching a pair of detainees had them eat their cigarette butts after smoking them, and when they were caught, they ended up filling a few thousand sandbags and were punished in other ways as well.
maybe he's just an analrapist.
but we banned smoking in restaurants!  isn't that enough?
ron paul. that's probably it. and he's an old school republican, aka a libertarian.  
no.
i told you she was a closet colbert!
i'm not a ron paul nut, but why was the winner of this poll only mentioned once while the loser, romney, is in every paragraph?
answer: magic.
that dumb cunt is as guilty as bush. i hear she dykes out with condi at her lesbo pad.
romney's more malleable than paul.  those few who own the major papers prefer a malleable candidate.  it'd be harder for them to get ron paul to treat them how they like, so they give more column inches to romney.
 too right. the publicly subsidised defense corporations shouldn't be forced to operate in a free market!
i remember laughing when i first saw that commercial. he has to be the craziest mormon alive.
anyone ever played an early 90's flight sim called "top gun: fire at will"? awesome game. i could probably fly one of those puppies.
ah, the pete townsend defense... 
no... but that is because i am canadian... americans probably would only because they want our beer and maple syrup...
   well, as much as i thought this was an onion article at first, nader has a point. the guy is unstable (bush), imo, and we may be better off kicking his ass out after, then trying him (wow, is this even a real possibility?). we have to get a handle on our politicians. bush has taken things to the extreme. we have to somehow get some restrictions in place to make sure this type of abuse of office does not happen again. yes, lincoln did many similar calls during the civil war, but, obviously, the situation was different and the "man" was different.

our founding fathers were very intelligent, for all their faults, but i don't think they comprehended the abuse of the system they put in place. 2008 scares me to death. what are we going to get? 10 more years of iraq? more wiretapping with no court orders? more people thrown in prison with no lawyer or charges against them? obl is a bastard! but that bastard still deserves a lawyer, evidence against him, and a trial. it is, for all its faults, the american way. we need to go back to that. 
i'd vote for some 3rd party candidate becuase my state's electoral vote will go to the democrat no matter what.
he frequently deletes and resubmits things, i assume because they were not getting enough up votes.  

i stopped commenting on most things he posts until they get to the hot page because i got tired of my comments disappearing from his deletions.
 looking at the comments i don't think anyone read the article.  
  
he's not arguing that stewart isn't funny anymore. he alluding to the fact that what has happened to the political climate in america is so concerning that we *shouldn't* be laughing anymore. 
they'll also get to choose what immunizations you and your kids take, and whatever they want to pump into you will be pumped in, or no health care for you. /slapwrist thiomersal for everyone!
any actual evidence or just conjecture and hearsay?  
 bill lied under oath; no one denies it. but his infractions are no where near bush's illegal conduct. it pains me to say i am an american. but, i have no plans to leave (if economic situations were different, i may). my ancestors came here with the hopes of a better life, so i plan to stay and hopefully do my part to change it for the better. 
ron paul
this headline would have been much better withouth the "jimmy carter said" part.
it's over, guys. everything's over.
i'd be more worried about the benefits they rape us for without paying any taxes.

i thought this was going to be about anchor babies. imma go read it again.
another hypocrite found in the midsts of the republican party? must be monday.
this isn't new.

check out [this video](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3229850135877146692) - the relevant part starts at 9:45. unfortunately this is a terrible quality version, but it's the only one i could find on the interweb. 
no.
ok, so sarbanes-oxley is good in the same way that helping the homeless find loopholes is good. got that everyone?




you really think bush is going out of his way to gather as much power as he can and then turn it over to hillary?
maybe we could give them immunity *on condition* they reveal all they know, like granting immunity in a criminal case.
the revolution will not be televised
i am surprised it has taken someone this long.
&gt; our founding fathers were very intelligent, for all their faults, but i don't think they comprehended the abuse of the system they put in place.

i think that life was a lot less comfortable back then.  the thought that people would sit idly by watching television while the government did whatever it wanted would have been practically incomprehensible.
also more worrisome:
1) every time an immigrant from a low wage nation takes a job here, that drives up the labor supply faster than the demand for labor, which depresses wages. law of demand and supply.
2) mass immigration from nations that have very much different cultures and races also makes american voters less unified and more diverse, making it easier for the politicians/corporations/plutocrats to divide and rule us. unity is strength for the masses and weakness for those at the top. diversity is weakness for the masses and strength for those at the top.


kind of a misleading title.  it's a hook which i guess is what a headline should do, but it ain't his thesis.
"some" scientists agree with him and "some" don't. i don't know what else he was remotely "right" about.
what a great article. until the end. when he wants to vote for hillary. the same hillary that will engage with iran. the same hillary that voted for the war, voted for the continued funding of the war, the same hillary that won't wind down the war. 

blue ribbon panel. that'll be fucking awesome. i hope they make an american idol for it. 
saying malleable so much makes me think you're talking about a piece of good hash, not a presidential candidate, but i suppose it works.
i'm sure biden would disagree.  
no, it's that he keeps being 'left'. the association of climate change with the political left doesn't help climate change at all, but makes it easier to dismiss. 
they followed him down the road to 9/11 and beyond.  
no. he and many of the people he has surrounded himself with (rove, cheney, et al) believe in a strong -most would say way too strong- executive branch in general. one which that does not need the oversight or checks most would like.

so in the short run, these powers were attained for this administration, but in the long run, they were attained for future, what they hoped would be republican, administrations.

also, this did not just begin with bush but slowly since reagan. let's not forget that bill clinton also made movements to increase executive power, namely the line-item veto. 
i can't watch this shit about how the iraq war had nothing to do with 9/11. no shit sherlock, let's talk about how we're going to get out of there.
 how is this not a story about ron paul? i've never seen anything as surreal as this ever. land of the free?
this is a great example of the kind of subtle influence the media is using to sway opinion. even if everyone in the mainstream media isn't complicit w/ this obvious agenda, there are a large majority of executive producers and chief editors out there operating w/ a like mind.


i don't like it, but i see olver's point. it's like a hostage situation. you can't just have a cop walk in and tell the bad guys they're under arrest.
how much did rudy make in the last quarter?
the british system tries to get by on 
a shoestring, so it is *not* a good
example of universal health care.
better would be france, germany, and
canada.
   i don't think the dems have [had enough cooperation](http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;ct=res&amp;cd=3&amp;url=http://home.ourfuture.org/obstruction/obstruction-snowe.pdf&amp;ei=daatr9hfh4xeeqoyuywl&amp;usg=afqjcnfc5-yezdw2mj_ho1i36s802dfqzw&amp;sig2=imjtbvw-ebapdylfcuewjw) [pdf warning!] to do anything.    not surprising that the r's are using this strategy to pin blame for nothing getting done.   
 he never said he wants to vote for her. he's saying (with tremendous resignation) that she will most likely be the democratic nominee and that he will vote for her out of a sense of obligation towards democracy and a fear that the greater evil (giuliani? romney?) will win if he doesn't. 
so the democrats need 60 votes to stop funding the iraq war? weird. i thought they could just *not vote for it*.
the problem with the wages here is not illegal immigrants but corporations shipping jobs overseas. our workers are competing against slave labor in asia, not against the illegal immigrants here.

you still need to answer the question: how is the government going to know who is a citizen and who is not?
hmm...  for some reason i'm not surprised.  

what happened to the detainees after you captured them?

any type of prison or holding area is way more likely to end up with a group think, torture is ok, mentality.  there's some really interesting psychological studies that back this up going back to the 60's and 70's.

finally, it seems highly likely that extraordinary rendition and guatmo are havens for "sanctioned" torture.
so it has come to this. decision 2008 is infinitely worse than 2004.
i, too, am not a ron paul nut, but i wonder, in the case of this article, if it would have made any difference if paul _had_ been at this event.

i think ron paul might have won by an even greater margin, and the article would still have been about romney.  it's just sad and stunning the way the media continues to dictate how they think _we_ ought to be thinking.
empires need to worry about "foreign nationals" being born on their land. republics embrace them.
wow. ralph nader is scaring me. (along w/ whoever that is who gasps as he reads the congressman's quote!) 

it makes sense. why would he have added that power to his exponentially growing list of contrived executive powers if he didn't have some sinister plan for it? and why was the addition of that power not covered in the mainstream press? 
yes, that's exactly what a headline is supposed to do. jesus christ, were all you people bitching about the title also disappointed that "the taming of the shrew" was not a practical guide to rodent rearing?
of course, how often do you think the same thing happens in print journalism where a press release gets reprinted verbatim?
 can anyone shed some light on this sept 26th cia video taping comment in the article? 
  self hating gays (i think my mother was one, now that i think about it) are a scourge on the species. created by xtian pretards. just one of many horrific evils they have foisted upon us. 

all that closeted/underground...carefully manufactured (paint by numbers...it's obvious) 'normal' persona living has sharpened them into the most devious and paranoid specimans our species has. 
&gt;bill clinton also made movements to increase executive power, namely the line-item veto.

line-item veto is a good thing btw.  it prevents riders.  rider clauses are stupid.  if you have a bill about children's health you don't attach a military spending bill to it.  it's just stupid.  fear of a presidential veto on the line-item is a very good thing.

a lot of shitty laws have been passed as riders through congress.  

too bad cliton's line item veto was struck down - it was a good idea to prevent these shenanigans.  
 i'm reminded of an old *beetle bailey* strip, in which beetle loses a ping-pong tournament to sarge, and has to report it to the base paper.

sarge reads the headline the next day, which says 
#**bailey loses**
in giant font, with his picture, saying nothing about sarge.

ah, mort walker, your insight was before its time!!!1 
 i bet none of them finished high school either which is their fault. and can be remedied at any time they wish to learn a currently marketable skillset. 
al gore is a liar. and an idiot.
good one dr paul. like he ever will. he thinks his delusional xtian 'intuition' is justice.
vnrs: a dark, insidious threat to our democracy, because one left-wing group says so.

p(paper)nrs: how every organization on the planet gets stories planted in the print media, including the organization responsible for this story.
sure was. ever hear an echo on your line? that's a 2nd open (different length) duplex circuit on your phone call.
i don't watch colbert for that reason.
this is old news, as in, reported and discussed in detail in the media and on reddit more than a year ago. every few weeks, it seems, someone on reddit rediscovers this story and posts it and it gets to the front page as if it is new. 

in other news, man lands on the fucking moon!!! 
 and that is why i think the constitution is a living document, and i think our founding fathers would accept this. the problem is, our present leadership is douche bags, and our populace is lazy.

the guys who wrote the constitution were smart (i already said that some where). unfortunately, they expected a smart population to keep the government in check. while i don't think americans are dumb, i do think that they have become lazy; which is easy when things are so good!

honestly, our constitution is not meant for the present population we have. most people don't know jack about politics! jefferson would shit himself if he was alive today! our founding fathers expected civic responsibilities out of all of us for the system to work.
and what happens if they start impeachment proceedings, and fail.  the democrats are simply considering a very real possibility that redditors can't seem to grasp.

just because you believe that bush is an impeachable criminal does not make it provable fact that could result in a successful impeachment and removal from office.

they won't do it because it has a high probability of failure, and would do nothing to help the party.  bush is not going down before the end of his term. get the fuck over it.
yeh fuck off with all these al gore posts, hes not ron paul its a goddam hypocrite who stole the nobel prize. his anti-lulz will not be tolerated!
you too can be a [slacktivist!](http://www.snopes.com/info/glossary.asp#slack)

stop pretending that your opinion matters.
and what other useless things do you do to pass the time mrs cheney?

why do all of these dimwits write children's books? is it just to look good in their country club circles? it's so cliched. when a do nothing bimbo claims to have ambitions to write children's books as if they were dr seuss or something.

why do people think of these ilk bitches as leaders?
it's unfortunate that this article seems to go out of its way to avoid the nuanced conclusion that homosexuality might be expressed and put into context quite differently in different societies.

i.e., that one can be comfortable and unhypocritically accepting of same-sex relations or unions, but not necessarily have to subscribe to a post-stonewall "out and proud" gay culture.
magneto moves his chess piece!
fuck off with all these al gore posts, hes not ron paul, hes a goddam hypocrite who stole the nobel prize. his anti-lulz will not be tolerated!
fuck off with all these al gore posts, hes not ron paul, hes a goddam hypocrite who stole the nobel prize. his anti-lulz will not be tolerated!
fuck off with all these al gore posts, hes not ron paul, hes a goddam hypocrite who stole the nobel prize. his anti-lulz will not be tolerated!
romney is a mormon, not a christian.
before we bomb iran lets realize that..

al gore is not ron paul, hes a goddam hypocrite who stole the nobel prize. his anti-lulz will not be tolerated!
you might not like them, but mormons are definitely christians.  just like catholics and baptists and luterans.
just gotta swear off msnbc, fox and cnn. they are just crap factories.

i love how undecided came in 4th.
why not? her husband already dragged the real constitution through the mud. they may as well fuck with it some more. why not piss on it or wipe ur ass with it too while youre at it. guaranteed extra-lulz
lol! mormon's are christians. i even attended their services for a semester and did a term paper on them.

and xtian means all 'carrot and stick' "love me or i'll kill you" -god religions. not just chrisianity.
if you're having sex just for pleasure, then it doesn't matter if it's with a guy or a girl. so maybe he isn't really gay, just needs to "release the tension."

why the silence on google's censorship? - http://www.examiner.com/a-989716~why_the_silence_on_google_s_censorship_.html
there's nothing but fake news stories in bush's head. what do you expect?
i never stated whether it was a good or bad thing. i just stated that it is an increase in executive power.

while the example you give would probably be judged as a good use of it by most people, this has to weighed with the overall ability he has in all other situations, and the shift in power it grants the executive branch.

while this example is often how these things are advertised, it is often not how they end up being used. it is the extremes of the power that you have to worry about.
what a waste of a life (existentially speaking of course). used her intellect to parlay a stellar rise in the mortal realm.
what is it about george bush that drives left-wingers insane?  the worst thing about him, from the liberal point of view, is that he keeps being right.

see how easy it is!
he now knows that outside of his hollywood dumbass 'circles' the nation knows he's a fucking actor imbecile.

why do so many people 'think' image is everything?

"im not a doctor, but i play one on tv"...
so in other words, you're saying we should suck it up because ron paul isn't going to win and support the turd sandwich or the douche bag? no thanks... i'll continue to support ron paul. please for the love of god/cthulhu/fsm people, vote in the primaries or we are going to be stuck with another turd-douche-sandwich-bag.
i am surprised that the catholic church has any credability left, with all of the preist child molestation problems they have been having for (at least) decades), at least this guy was not going after children.
 and pelosi lacks any courage (and probably desire) to stop him. 
is she concerned they're copying her and her ilk?
nader's a dem?
yes, beacause i am an american who wants canada's beer and maple syrup.


actually canada, you should want our beer.  our micro brewers are much better.  

also, judging by the eu, the nau might not be such a bad thing...  but then again, the parties involved would be of totally different dynamics than those of the eu
yet another xtian pretard tool to abuse/punish/destroy dissenters.
upmodded for coolest use of "douche-sandwich" i have seen all day.
 so olver was basically admitting that the congress recognized the national security and homeland security presidential directive for what it was when the president signed it. it makes sense that they wouldn't want to draw very much attention to that kind of power struggle. imagine the instability if the general population understood that the president, through the language of political maneuvering, was communicating to the other branches of government essentially: "yes. i broke the law. i will keep breaking the law as i see fit. if you mess with me i will use this self appointed power to strip you of your power (which you're pretty much handing to me anyway). if you don't mess with me i'll probably wait until the end of my term to use this directive." 
his supporters don't control the media.
 no, but read about 2 comments above mine.
&gt;nader is quoting us congressman john olver's response to the councils of 13 towns in his district (massachusetts' first) that have called for impeachment this year.  
no, that's called pedophilia and is still frowned upon in most places.  unless you're in some foreign country where they traffic in that sort of thing, and even then it's still most likely bad for the poor kid's psyche.
no need for 60 votes at all.  if the democrats simply refuse to include funding for the war in any bill there will be no funds.  no bill means no debate, no stalling, no filibuster, no veto.  rather, the democrats have been originating, authoring, passing through committee, bringing to the floor for a vote and passing iraq war funding again and again.
man... i really with ron paul had a chance at winning the primary elections. 
that's not a moon...it's a priest's naked ass!
and it makes it to #3.  awesome reddit!
if he's saying things like this, surely he's going to run for president?
the democrats wont impeach bush because they know they're going to win the elections in '08.

the only reason clinton was impeached was because the republicans were able to, and because it helped out their campaign.

impeaching bush only serves to rock the boat and potentially take away votes from the democrats.
they dont need any cooperation to stop the war.  all they have to do, is do nothing.
agreed. this is fucking ancient crap that's been happening for years. they're called vnrs people. every local news station uses them because they're too underfunded/lazy to get their own news.
i was about say same thing
promise?
propaganda in the us? nahh.
&gt;would it be better for the people that detest bush to resign or put themselves in a position to be fired thus creating a vacancy bush would try to fill with his cronies?

that's been going on the entire bush presidency. haven't you noticed?
he's got great hair.
it's not his fault - he was probably himself abused by the pope when he was little.
yes, when presidential campaigns start *two and a half years* before the election - that is disturbing, and no laughing matter.
from the article:

"one hundred percent of the money raised from the ebay auction will go to educate the children of marines and law enforcement officers who died while on duty, the auction says."
fred thompson is the candidate that scares me the most actually.  its not so much fred thompson that scares me, but more the state of our country and the collective intelligence of the population if he does get elected.  he has no substance, no ideas, no real experience (just because you played a politician in washington after being elected doesn't mean you actually did anything or gained any real experience), and pretty much is an utter moron.

oh well, for the people who were intimidated by bush's intellectual prowess, fear not, a more simple man is running for president, and that man is fred thompson
even that's a bit much to ask, hmm.
hey downvoters, what is your rationale for considering my post negative?
at least he admits that he's just a cog in the "lesser of two evils" american political machine.

ask most people who voted for bush twice why they did it -- "because i thought he was the lesser of two evils."

awesome.
god the paulaniacs just love big conspiracy theories.

[here](http://firstread.msnbc.msn.com/archive/2007/07/23/285236.aspx) is a story, from msnbc, about how ron paul has more cash than john mccain.  so i ask you, would it be acceptable for guiliani supporters to freak out over this story since guiliani has more money than ron paul?  could they run around shouting from the roof tops that this article is clear bias against guiliani and claim massive media conspiracy?
hillary just  said that the executive powers should be rolled back, and that it would be part of her platform.
no.  the media, however, has recognized that most of his supporters are *slackivists*--meaning that while the vote in on-line polls, ad help propagate on-line buzz, they aren't very likely to *donate money* to his campaign, or even to *vote*.

every time someone says they support rn paul, ask them if they know where their polling place is.  and if they're even registered to vote.
she was long overdue to get some hacker luvins.
what?  no chimpeach or sheeple comment this time?
i'm sure he meant *constitutional republic with democratic institutions.*
democrats currently control congress and it only gives stewart more material.
we get it hillary, you are tough. -now show us that you are rational.
"submitter loses spelling test" is my way of saying "romney is spelled r-o-m-n-e-y"
the politics subreddit should be renamed cluelessteenagersdiscoversomethingwealreadyknewabout.
perhaps this is the part where, amidst all the negative press, they turn rogue and stage a coup against the government.
"he lacks the support needed to win the gop nomination, and would even if the media covered him as heavily as we cover rudy giuliani."

what a dickhead.  "i know he doesn't get as much coverage, but it won't change anything."
 diplomacy at its finest.

do what we say or kablammo! 
pharmaceutical companies use this method of propoganda even more than the government.

every time a new drug is ready to be sold the local news gets a "medical breakthrough" vnr.


line item vetoes can be dangerous. you should look up what jim doyle did with it in wisconsin.
 how about that. i figured you watched colbert under the illusion it wasn't satire. 
magic [underwear]
"but, when corporations take over the government, that is what has been defined as fascism."

really.  i thought fascism was an authoritarian political ideology (generally tied to a mass movement) that considers individual and other societal interests subordinate to the interests of the state. 

fascists seek to forge a type of national unity, usually based on (but not limited to) ethnic, cultural, or racial attributes.

thanks bill.  we all need to forget what real fascism is.
 sure, [here's one](http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2005-01-06-williams-whitehouse_x.htm) from usa today. the armstrong williams payola scandal got the most press, but unfortunately there's plenty of other examples. 
i posted this previously to the main reddit and it was down-voted immediately. someone commented that "uncategorized" posts are being down-voted and i should post this to politics. however, this is not related to politics. this is news. should there be a "news" sub-reddit?
referencing an out-of-context "quote" from one random congressman as the rationale of the whole democratic party for not impeaching bush is ridiculous. 

the more likely rationale is that impeachment is not a practical possibility since the dems do not control a  two-thirds majority of the senate.  of course, we cannot be surprised that nader supporters do not have a very well developed sense of the practical...
conspiracy?  no.

general bias against anything outside their preconceived notions?  yes.
i don't know about "most" of his supporters, but lots of them certainly physically show up to rallies and donate cash to his campaign.


registered. donated $5... all i can afford at the moment.
meh. you should have waited for f22-adf.
lately, i've wondering if this kind of "outrage fatigue" is just what the administration has been hoping and planning for all along
i think his was stillborn.
hey i have unfinished business with iran. don't impeach me will you? i'm protecting and spreading freedom and democracy. don't you see that in order to protect freedom it is necessary to get rid of freedom?
now he's a "real" politician!
$10-11 million; the same as romney, but then romney injected 8.5 of his own money in to boost his numbers.
isn't it a sign of freedom that people _can_ do this? it was never claimed to be the land of the unbiased press.
but they will ban magic mushrooms. :(
&gt;you should look up what jim doyle did with it in wisconsin.

like veto a concealed weapons bill?
http://www.jsonline.com/story/index.aspx?id=386668

seems pretty reasonable to me actually.  
i'm sorry, but in the big picture that pretty much means you don't count.  (don't get me wrong--i don't count either.  i'm not trying to put you down personally.)
i just find it weird that the scotus has the ability to strike down a line item of a bill, but the president cannot.

if the president has to strike down the whole bill, so too should the scotus...  i'm a bit partial because of the patriot acts...  getting that bs striked down line item by line item is going to cost a fortune.  
they justify it by pointing to paul's low national poll numbers... which are influenced by name recognition... which is influenced by the media talking about a candidate (without prefacing every comment with "longshot").  a nice catch-22.

check the latest from gallup:

http://www.galluppoll.com/content/?ci=28939

scroll down about half-way to the graph labelled "favorable ratings of leaging republican candidates" and you'll see a nice inverse relation between "favorable" and "never heard of".
what they need to do is to end their stupid celibacy requirement.  however, the catholic church is the church of woman-hating paul, and paul was the antichrist.
if you mean invade as in station troops there, probably not. but it's looking more and more likely that they will make an incursion to strike at the kurds. the last time i can remember when turkish popular opinion was weighed so publicly against appeasing the u.s. was when turkey was encouraged to join the coalition to invade iraq in 2003. turkish leaders initially indicated that they would join in, but the turkish populace was so vehemently against the idea that turkey did not supply troops. this time it may come down to what kind of concessions the u.s. is willing to offer...
i found this article to be a well-balanced overview of the problems that face those that suffer from bds (bush derangement syndrome).

particularly telling that this articles author suffers from bds was the part of how he says he secretly listens to people on the subway and is aghast that other people are talking about "day to day" things....and not obsessing over bush.


let's hope a majority of people actualy care enough about the us to vote dr. paul into office...
could be said of anyone, bush, coulter, clinton, nfl, etc etc etc
i would argue that the people who keep them powerful are the same idiots that voted marion barry back into office after he got out of jail, where he was for getting busted smoking crack with a hooker.
yes, they've donated a whopping [$8.1 million](http://dullardmush.blogspot.com/2007/10/early-third-quarter-presidential.html)

meanwhile, fred thompson, who's only been in the race since june, has raised $12.7 million.

there is no conspiracy against ron paul in the mainstream media.  just the insulting realization that *your opinion doesn't count*.
faxx news will do their best to replace the little (r) marker with a (d) marker.  sure wouldn't want this to spin totally out of control.
i give him props for changing his opinion based on new evidence, and wish more people could follow that example.
i'm not huge on ron paul, either (i like his libertarianesque views on economics, but i don't like his stance on women's issues).  but this does seem odd for there to be such a huge discrepancy between the straw polls and the national polls.  have we seen anything like this in primaries past?
and fred thomspon was doa
she says a lot of things.  sometimes even with a southern drawl.  yet her votes speak louder.
i sort of think this headline helps ron paul.  

if a reader who didn't know about him saw the headline "ron paul wins nv straw poll", he'd probably ignore it and read something else.  "romney loses" is a more powerful headline, and could make readers have that "oh shit" moment that will get them talking about him.
you're right - that could be seen as a contradiction.  i was trying to use "how" to mean "up-or-down" but it also would include the reasons.  

i should have said: "i am not telling anyone which way to mod.  i am only requesting they not mod a certain way for a particular reason."

no more contradiction.


&gt;this is old news

let me see if i understand where you are coming from. 

the u.s. government, in clear violation of the laws they are sworn to uphold, produced state-sponsored propaganda that consisted of not only fake news casts but also bribery of pundits and journalists in an effort to deceive and manipulate the american public.

there has been no legal or regulatory action taken, no accountability whatsoever for this egregious violation of the law and the public trust- nothing at all to prevent this from continuing.

but to you it's old news, nothing to see here. i guess in your world, propaganda is only bad when *other* countries governments do it.
to say that the founding fathers did not comprehend the abuse of the system could not be more incorrect. look at the writings of thomas jefferson. he was fully aware that it is the nature of government to usurp power, and warned us to be on guard against this very situation. over  200 years ago, he painted an uncannily accurate picture of where we are today.

the founding fathers, and jefferson in particular, understood very well what could happen. where we've gotten into trouble is by 
ignoring these warnings. the constitution and bill of rights provides ample protection from these abuses. we need a congress to hold the executive branch accountable. why won't they?
good, perhaps it will be dumbed down enough so even dick can read it.
nadar is an ass wipe. if he hadn't run in 2000 bush would've never been elected. he has more to do with bush being in office than almost anyone else.

and now he has the nerve to complain? screw him.
they probably didn't consider a single word exclamation constructive to the debate.
2 words: ha ha fucking ha!
great article. political opinions not too far-reaching and several hit the nail right on the head in regards to the destruction of america.
i really with that too.
 i was actually thinking of this [pdf warning]:

http://www.legis.state.wi.us/senate/sen10/news/press/2005/budgetg072505.pdf

linked from:

http://sub2change.com/?m=200511

edit:

excerpt:
gov. jim doyle used his partial veto 139 times to shape the state budget to his liking. among his moves was to increase a transfer from the transportation account to the general fund from $268 million to $427 million. to do so, he crossed out hundreds of words, stringing together individual words from unrelated sentences to write a new sentence. to get the $427 million figure, he took individual digits from five sets of numbers.
no, we don't have child prostitutes in nevada...so it wouldn't be pedophilia. i meant that they have a way to break their celibacy in a sneaky way besides molesting children. although, maybe the priests will just start arranging "missions" to thailand.
i agree...paul was just mad cuz he couldn't get any. 
back when bill was president and hillary was messing with her national health care thingie, i recall some newspaper stating that the word "violation" appeared more times in hilliary's health care bill than it did in bills crime bill.

bitch!

gandalf smoking the pipe
i would say:

if true: who cares what one congressman said.  

or do you ponder whether bush would invade iran  if there was an actual impeachment trial? 

how would some congressman from ma know that anyway?  how would nader know that.  if bush were in fact so calculating he wouldn't be the dumbest president ever.  also, as dumb as he is, he wouldn't tell nader and this old guy from ma his sinister plan...  
&gt; to say that the founding fathers did not comprehend the abuse of the system could not be more incorrect.

i didn't say that.  read my comment again.

&gt; where we've gotten into trouble is by ignoring these warnings.

precisely my point.  the founding fathers didn't conceive of a populace entirely disinterested in curbing the abuse of power.  pretty much every mechanism they put in place to hold the government accountable ultimately derives its power from the people.  the modern-day usa is proving that the people are unworthy of such trust.

&gt; the constitution and bill of rights provides ample protection from these abuses. we need a congress to hold the executive branch accountable. why won't they?

because nobody holds *congress* accountable.

 'slacktivists' who will still go and pay $30+ to vote in all those straw polls he keeps winning and won't do it when it's free?  who managed to scrape up $5 mil last quarter?

sorry, not buying it. 
clinton _toes_ the line.  that's all.
&gt;how often do you think the same thing happens in print journalism

it is rampant in the magazine industry. when you see products reviewed, particularly those facing page layouts with multiple products, it was almost certainly paid for.
you seem to be missing a couple things:

first, remember the other two branches are made up of more than one person, thus spreading power. while the executive branch is solely one person, so you have to be very careful about what powers you grant this one person.

second, you, again, have taken one example -the patriot act- and decided to mold how the entire system should run around it. big mistake. stop looking at things with such a small scope and realize that changing things due to one situation has large consequences in other equally important situations.
&gt;i bet the bush administration is the first administration to ever do anything like this!

not at all, the administrations of the soviet union used to do it all the time.
in their defense, romney *did* lose the straw poll.  of the perceived "frontrunners," he was the only one to actually show up.

as far as this campaign is concerned, it was yet another straw poll victory for paul.  anybody who's been following the republican race would know that he tends to dominate straw polls and web-based surveys.

but mitt specifically targeted this event, he appeared, several speakers addressed him in particular, and still he had his ass handed to him.

for paul, it was business as usual.  for romney, it was a bit of a humiliation.  i'd say his loss really was the highlight of the event.
they actually did that with mark foley.  too many scandals, they can't cover them all up.  i am more concerned with the party.  republicans really should do something about the issue because right now they are just bending over and taking it.
right before the 2004, someone asked him, "what happens if the democrats win? what happens when you have nothing left to make fun of?".

his response?

"on a personal note, i'm a comedian who makes fun of what i believe to be the absurdities of our government. tomorrow when you go to the polls, make my life difficult. make the next four years really hard, so that every morning all we can do is come in and go, 'madonna is doing some kaballah thing, you wanna do that?' i'd like that. i'm tired."

http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/jon_stewart
&gt;almost on cue, romney said during his speech the next day to the group, “i’m from the republican wing of the republican party,” eliciting a negative response from some rival campaigns and the democratic national committee. the dnc jumped and noted that he stole chairman howard dean’s line from the previous election when he told voters he was “from the democratic wing of the democratic party” before losing to john kerry.

wow. "i think i'll paraphrase the guy who lost to *john kerry* in 2004 during my next stump speech. *that'll* get republicans on my side!"

what a tool.
yeah, people should carry their weapons out in the open.  unless you are one of those anti-weapon pussies who likes it when only big strong manly cops get to carry weapons.  you get off on nightstick action?
good, then she can start by calling for an investigation of bush and getting rid of the precedent he is setting for future presidents.

however, under the guise of not wanting to play partisan politics, i doubt we'll see her do this. because whether she says she'll take advantage of the powers made precedent by this and past administrations, until they are challenged and ruled unconstitutional, she can, and that is the worrisome part.
so you're defending state sponsored propaganda? 

&gt;every organization on the planet gets stories planted

that may or may not be, it still doesn't change the fact that it is clearly prohibited by law for the government to do it.
please tell me that you are sarcastic. please!
you guys are going to have to do a whole lot better than this.  this barely raises the smear meter.   
no, i tried debating several times. it's like a game of whack-a-mole. denialists repeat again and again and again old canards that have long been debunked. it's just not fun any more. just like talking to creationists.
&gt;any actual evidence or just conjecture and hearsay?

it has been reported in wapo, usa today, knight-ridder(now mcclatchey), and other primary sources. perhaps if you didn't lock yourself in an echo-chamber you would know that. 
biometric orwellian godforsaken in yer bedroom spying! dat's how!


i think he's referring to italian style fascism, or 'fascismo,' which is combined elements of corporatism, nationalism, militarism, anti-liberalism and anti-communism.
"considers individual and other societal interests subordinate to the interests of the state" .. corporatism favors this outlook when the corporations are getting the government contracts
"fascists seek to forge a type of national unity, usually based on (but not limited to) ethnic, cultural, or racial attributes." ... how does that invalidate corporatism's role in a fascist state?
"but, when corporations take over the government, that is what has been defined as fascism."  he's sort of referencing quotes by benito mussolini:
“fascism should more appropriately be called corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power.”
finally, something on reddit that makes sense to complain about.  end all farm subsidies today, no exceptions.  we can move to business subsidies tomorrow.  
you know, normally i'm complaining about the misuse of apostrophes, but maybe i (and people like me) have gone too far.  this headline needs an apostrophe.  you could probably find a few spare ones lying around in a thread somewhere.  just looks for an "it's".  chances are, it's used incorrectly.  &lt;-- except for that one.
 an interesting theory, but before people can *decide* they do not support paul, they would need to know he exists (though the end result is the same).  

the most recent gallup poll shows a strong correlation between name recognition and favorability.

i would prefer him losing because people don't support him, than him losing because the media won't talk about him.
arrrgghhhh.  what stinks is that none of the candidates on either side is rational.  they're all plain scary.  

the only one who is against the war and pro-fiscal responsibility is paul, but some of his policies would just crush the u.s. (e.g. a return to the gold standard ... our economy would collapse in months).

i hate to say it, but i'm beginning to join the "begging for al gore to run" crowd, although i hope he drops the insistence we join kyoto.
and one of those few scientists who warned of an ice age decades ago.
lawhacks!
if not they got really fucking lucky. i just mentioned the nader impeachment thing to my parents, and all they said was that bush was worse than hitler. it gets doubly worse that the economy is doing poorly, no one has time to feel outrage, we're all working our asses off to make ends meet and can't get a loan to save our lives.
sorry, no. when he blames the volcanoes, he is ignorant. the contribution of co2 by volcanoes is negligible, and volcanoes contribute more to coolling.

and there never was a consensus on global cooling.
and with his $5 million, he has received much more exposure.  but at the same time, his poll #s are still atrociously low.  over 70% of americans have never heard of him.  the problem is that the people on the internet are not taking the message offline ... until he starts polling 10+%, he'll never get wide coverage.
rush limbaugh deserves the peace price just as much as al gore.  now if there was an environmental prize or some such, you could argue that al gore deserves it.   

both have too much blood on their hands to be worth a real peace prize.   though considering the history of the nobel peace prize, both well deserve it for their efforts to encourage war.
dirty fucking mormon gypsies.

  &gt;to be clear: i believe that ron paul's chances of winning the presidency are no greater than my own, which is to say zero. 

i'm still baffled as to why every article written by the msm feels the need to include this stuff.  it doesn't add anything to the piece, and seems as if the writer is apologizing to all his "cool friends" for writing about paul.
"077 license to kill"
&gt; ... there is absolutely no support to be found anywhere in the bible for a free society ...

two trivial counterexamples:

* while it remained unsold, did it not remain your own? and after it was sold, was it not under your control? ([*acts 5:4a*](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=acts%205:4;&amp;version=49;))
* but he answered and said to one of them, "friend, i am doing you no wrong; did you not agree with me for a denarius? take what is yours and go, but i wish to give to this last man the same as to you. is it not lawful for me to do what i wish with what is my own? or is your eye envious because i am generous?" ([*matthew 20:13-15*](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=matthew%2020:13-15;&amp;version=49;))
also, it's the aipac line, not the bush/cheney line.  
start from [here](http://orwell.ru/library/novels/1984/english/en_p_1).
who says he won't do that anyway? and who will do anything about it? are we not a nation of wimps and crybabies? are there any real men left in this country who would be willing to stand up and do something to stop it?
meh, the f22 is cool, but so damn expensive. i'm sure security is a lot tighter on them as well. an f-14 could probably be owned by a civilian.

in the left behind series (i know, i know, i shouldn't mention that title here lol), after most nations are disarmed and everyone is brought under the one world government, most governments sell off their jets to private operators, and one of the characters buys one and retrofits it with a massive fuel tank and flies individuals across the world at multiple mach for a hefty fee, like an intercontinental taxi. i think that would be cool as hell. (oh, and the guy happened to be arabic lol. so much for pc in that series:) )
if being rational equates to being a dickhead then he is one.  

i can't wait until this ron paul hack falls into obscurity.

he will never have any impact on the the political landscape of our country (which makes me sleep a little better at night).
&gt; the maximum fine for each violation is $32,500

and that's really going to sting the back pocket of a corporation or administration. :|
their own dogma says differently, that they are christians where catholics and run of the mill protestant denominations are not.

they are actually two totally different religions, both trying to claim the same name.

(note: while catholics might believe that one denomination or another is incorrect, they still consider them christians, and that their bishops are truly bishops. compare that to mormonism.)
ron paul raises most of his money from the internet because avid internet users are the only people who know who he is. once the mainstream media put him on the same tier as the other candidates, then his mainstream fundraising will explode too.
its time for the revolution
shoulda thrown him in the bus' bathroom instead, i suppose.
mitt romney is an asshole.
whiskeytango is one of the most active posters on reddit - to call him 'locked in an echo chamber' is naive *in the extreme*.
most of them were let go after basic questioning if they were just local nationals. i wouldn't doubt if some were kept and pumped for information pretty hard by spooks at a higher level.

i know marines from fast companies who provided security at guantmo and none of the witnessed torture. although, again, i don't doubt it happens on some level out there. to be kept prisoner without habeas corpus in a camp far from home with no privacy for lord knows how long would be torture for me.
conjecture and hearsay are all you need nowadays...
..and up yet again because, until this moment,  the sandwich bag was something very wholesome in my life.
..and up yet again because, until this moment,  the sandwich bag was something very wholesome in my life.
 i believe you meant to say "jesus **h. tapdancing** christ..." 
agree that there is evidence that the war was planned before 9/11 (paul oneill's remarks on this topic were echoed by richard clarke and gen. wesley clark).

however, the title here is a bit misleading.  oneill's book and interview were widely reported at the time.  i'd hardly call it "buried".  
i'm referring to the fact that paul doesn't get as much coverage as the weathly candidates.  if he was given more coverage, and the reporters talked about him positively, he would do better in the polls.  
paul is always referred to in negative context.  "he will never"... where did you order your crystal ball, because i seem to be out of the loop
those religious pretards have nothing if they aren't fomenting hatred and advocating destruction. they sure as shit never produce anything. usually standing firmly in the path of any progress spouting nonsensical paranoid delusions and scenarios of how (eg electricity) it will destroy us all.
straw polls are visited and taken by politically savvy people, people who care about politics and keep up on it.

national polls are done on random schmoes at home.

politically active people can easily have a different average opinion compared to the average person on the street.
whats up with the [politics] tags?

also, he isnt funny because of the now-serious nature of his jokes. rtfa


and, i cant reply to anyone! this comment system sucks. wtf. and, it wont submit even when new without like 10 tries!
wah wah, it's not the kids, but the recipients of those tax dollars who want this to happen.
wow, he might be the world's first analyst/therapist!
i really with that ron paul has never had any chance at winning a primary in any state.  let alone the nomination.  
social security number?
they've been doing it for centuries, and the suckers still line up every sunday.  get with the program!
except it's not subtle.
cannon fodder, it's not just a meaningless term. too bad you're type always falls for the b movie meaningless rhetoric that hijacks your lives, rather than doing something that's a true service to you country...like producing something.
by the way, paul is for free market or fair market?  is he for privatization as an alternative to more government?  i just read an article about fascism and i'm a bit curious
i don't think a lot of them feel pissed about being lied to, they just don't realize it. they know something is wrong, but they aren't quite sure what it is. then there are some like myself who know exactly what is going on. some care, some don't. lastly, there are the ones who have had the "we're spreading democracy" thing burned so deeply into their brain that they'll never let it go.

a lot of the troops make up that first category, and i think they take out some of that anger on the locals because they don't know how else to vent it.
iirc the argument goes that by vetoing a line of a bill the president is over-stepping his bounds as an executive and is attempting to act as a legislator.

now why some governors have the liv but the president is ineligible... i can't answer that one.
d'oh!  i haven't had good hash since i was in a-dam in '01.  

sad, sad panda.
did this guy live in a warehouse? 13k f14 parts? that has to take up some space, assuming they aren't all radio knobs.
come on, there has to be a way to blame this on the ron paul "nuts" too: they're too organized, it's the bloggers, it's youtube, it's rawstory, this is not real, etc.
the old joke used to be that the difference between bill and hillary was that bill lied about sex, whereas hillary lied about everything. seriously, it doesn't matter what side of which aisle you find yourself on, finding reasonable indications that hillary has lied about a wide range of things from travelgate to missing fbi files, to her own history is but a google search away.
that's what they said about ron paul when his campaign began.
to the painfully ignorant, it is. sadly that probably encompasses 3/4 of the population.
that would be hilarious to watch!
pelosi can simply refuse to bring bills to the floor that don't have a deadline, or she can force republicans to vote down a bill that only funds withdrawal, or she can force republicans to filibuster.  there are *so* many options, but under her leadership (and reid's) dems have taken the most anemic, cowardly approach imaginable.  

the great irony is that these actions are driven by fear of being called weak.  as though these actions demonstrate anything but that.  they can't even stand up to republicans at home.  they are fooled continuously by transparent republican ploys - and folks are supposed to trust them with national security.  sheeesh.  it's disgusting.

cenk uygur said it well:
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/cenk-uygur/i-officially-give-up-on-t_b_67654.html

ps: pdf link doesn't work.

    
i don't know why this got off topic, but mormons do not have the same beliefs as christians, no matter what they call themselves.  they think about jesus and god differently.  mormons believe individual becomes a god and is considered eligible to create "spirit children" as god the father did and populate a world of his own.  mormonism also teaches that jesus was the physical son of god the father and mary, and that there is nothing in his life more than what is attainable by anyone else. 
seiu? is that a beautician think tank?
 i think they're telling you that it's cia. 
lol not if im flying over your town. omg am i doin dis rite??// oh god i am not so good at thes tings faaakkk!!!!!!!111!1
pelosi... you are part of congress, are you giving yourself poor marks? sure sounds like you are.
yes and let every single citizen, regardless of age vote, if they are so inclined.
here is [the link that takes you right there to 9:45](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3229850135877146692#9m45s).
there's a citizen's warrant out for his arrest.
"why? because paul's views--respectable, well-articulated and sincerely held as they are--are plainly out of step with the mainstream sentiment of the party he is running in."
this shows us where the republican party is heading.
they even found a way to mention romney twice by doing a correction...i should try that sometime (and i don't believe for a moment that it was a mistake!).
doh!
there. i redid it into the politics subreddit. happy now? god!
that's what government by whim brings you. prevailing winds as the driving force of change (meandering).
hey, i've been wondering, why do we let our government have secrets? 
i'm typically very anti-federalist when it comes to national politics, but i think the federal government is in the best position to provide some services that would improve quality of life. socialized healthcare is one, net neutrality is another. if left up to the states, these things will never be implemented; yet ron paul opposes them on principle. i admire his consistency, but i'm afraid he's not being realistic.

he's still better than any of the republicans and many of the democrats. i also really with he had a chance in the primaries.  
oh great, another reason to mention romney instead of paul.  this thread is about paul!

(this comment is a joke about my own tin-rfoil hatitude)
 bush can ride a mountain bike, but apparently his security won't allow him to ride a horse. according to mexico's president who thinks bush is a bigmouthed texas pussy. 
 uh, no, not at all. you completely misunderstood my comment. it's outrageous that bush did this, and that news organizations ran with the stories. it's also outrageous that the bush administration paid certain columnists to write favorable things about "no child left behind" and other programs.

this is "old news" because, quite literally, this is old news -- as in, "news" that is "old." the story linked to here is from early 2006. advocacy groups and news organizations began reporting about all this in 2004. 

see, for example: 

http://www.pfaw.org/pfaw/general/default.aspx?oid=17230

http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2005-01-06-williams-whitehouse_x.htm

http://www.nytimes.com/2006/10/23/washington/23williams.html

a few minutes on google will turn up hundreds of other news stories. this was also discussed repeatedly on reddit, though at the moment reddit's search function isn't working for me so i don't have links for that. 

posting the story and discussing it as if it were new news is about as silly as posting a story that says "omfg! bush just started a war in iraq!!!" or "breaking! lindburgh flies across the atlantic!" 
neat trick - thanks.
the reason dick sees the world as hostile is because of the reaction a 'personality' such as his gets.
earth to al gore: shut the fuck up with your useless 30k foot 'observations' of the completely fucking obvious and not worth mentioning variety.
i think the article covers that well enough by drawing the "that will get you killed there" distinction. the idea that culture creep somehow creates homosexuality where there was none to speak of before is an interesting one, but without better study, seems to fly in the face of the evidence of gay undergrounds that pop up in societies regardless of western inluence.

it seems the most permissive iranian culture is towards homosexuality is a "3 strikes"-type law.
looks like he's thinking "what a tacky house." lol
which new evidence are you talking about?
should've never let xtian pretards vote.
the $3 billion they estimate for the presidential campaign candidates' spending just just another example of the squandering of resources by the pretard parasites. to pick...what? another piece of shit, just like the previous piece of shit in every substantive way.
the media doesn't cover google and look how good it did.
and as i explained, when this same story ran on reddit 2 days ago, [romney is right and paul is wrong](http://reddit.com/info/2zt0j/comments/c2zw65). only congress can make a formal declaration of war. the question was "do you believe the president needs authorization of congress to attack strategic targets in iran." the correct answer is no.
i think he's no longer as funny to americans.  you can only laugh at yourself for so long before it becomes way too painful to keep up the good humour.

js is still fucking hilarious to non-americans, though.
in many ways google is the new media
lol, that and the fact that no intelligent person buys the malarky (b movie dumbass) image they attempt to sell themselves as. it's obvious they think everyone is as stupid as they are.
you are missing the point. 
you do not need to show anyone you have a ssn it is unconstitutional to request a citizen that is committing no crime (or is not suspect) to identify him or herself.
they are really building a strong case for a constitutional amendment banning christians from participation in the serious business of running a nation.
didn't they aleady do that? you know, palestine?
i'm no fan of rp... but what the fuck?

i thought only us libs were the ones who got pooped on by the corporate media.
nuh uh.
"if you sponsor an online poll as we did, you accept the results unless you have very good reason to believe something corrupt has occurred--just as democracies accept results on election day at the ballot box without compelling evidence of corruption."

he's dancing around the really frightening part.  people run a poll, see ron paul winning, think it must be a fluke, and toss out the poll.  what if people with more power than cnbc feel the same way?
what would actually happen if we applied to ourselves the same standards we apply to everyone else?
neocon chicks must not be very hygenic. what else makes someone choose murder over sex?
no wait, self hating gays, i forgot for a second.
this country is disgusting. it really makes me sick, the kind of shit that comes out these days... (or should i say *doesn't* come out!) is there anything we can do to take our country back?
we would be under an economic embargo and facing imminent military invasion.
it should have included at the bottom,

p.s. i'm also a man.

signed, ann aka andrew coulter
this isn't the same guy that wrote the "open letter" of a few days ago.
and i think that those are the essence of the points that should be raised to people like john hardwood.

in general, it seems as if any of the non-"front-runner" candidates don't have a chance to become their parties nominees because no one knows about them as they are given no coverage.  however, they are given no coverage because they have no chance at winning.  its a self-fulfilling prophecy.

the constant negative comments don't help things either.  if you tell someone something enough times, they'll believe its true.

knowing this, i would suggest writing john hardwood a reply that refutes the statements he's said based on those grounds.  
some human beings yes. xtian pretards in fact. personally i've only ever defended myself and took no pleasure in successfully doing that.
what about gravel?
 which definition of "fascism" are you using? 
what? buried? it was a major book and it was featured on 60 fucking minutes.

who, pray tell, buried this?

where was it buried?

if it's so "buried", then why are we all discussing it?

jesus.
i didn't post this as "omfg!" or "breaking". however, though this may be older news, it evidently still is news to enough here on reddit.
yes just looking for attention so i spread some truth about jews to get it. lol
when neocons get payback for thier vicious way of treating others i bet they beg for mercy. specially the ilk like bush who never personally go after people in anyway other than underhandedly and covertly. thinking all the while it's equivalent to clever. i'd love to see him at the mercy of some of his victims. see how he reacts. play dumb card? with apologies?
yeah, this piece is not at all conciliatory, it's just a kick in the ribs.
if america had a bright future he'd have caught more than flack, he'd be ridden out of the nation on a rail. along with everyone like him.
what is left out is the fact that "permissive" is ambiguous in the same way that "gay" is. plenty of middle eastern males (i am led to believe) have sex with other males; what few of them do is act like they are a distinct subculture with an identity that is different from just plain "male." the idea is basically that same-sex relations is akin to smoking or drinking coffee: you don't necessarily have to do these things, but you aren't crossing some magical "identity" boundary either, and aren't threatening the culture with some kind of vaguely western revolution.

consider the anecdote about the (presumably male) jailer *demanding sex with* the homosexual prisoners. other stories abound of people arrested for this thing being raped by their jailers. i think it is curious that the jailers don't seem to have a problem with the sex act's gender orientation, but with some other aspect of the behavior.
coming soon: "amerika: the fatherland".
  congressman paul more-or-less subscribes to the austrian school of economics.  in his own words: http://www.mises.org/books/paulmises.pdf 
what's sad or stunning about it? americans like to be told what to do and what to think. the media simply fills the demand.
yeah, that dork citing bulletholes in their own trucks. as if that couldn't be done after the fact (and probably was) to help. to protect his precious robbery of the nation for the benefit of his psychopathic lifestyle.
people who live in glass houses...
does he wear an american flag pin?
 the right wing radio shows have done exceptionally well during a republican government.  when hillary is elected, they will then be in the same boat as john now.  he's a smart guy, he will probably do even better than he's doing now.
why can't we just leave other countires alone? seems to me the only time we should get involved in conflict, international problems or anything of this sort is when they do us some harm. isolationist foriegn policy would fix so many problems in this world. just leave them alone and let them be warned if you get weapons and use them or cause some harm we will respond with the everything we have. nation building and forcing our beliefs on others will only fail. 
that about sums it up.
gop - grand old pedophile?
"oil-rich iran denies trying to develop a nuclear weapon, saying its atomic program is for peaceful energy purposes. but the united states and its european allies believe iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad wants a nuclear bomb"

of course he *wants* one (what country *doesn't* want one?), the point is, is he taking any steps to *get* one that, as a signatory to the npt, he has promised not to?

god damned double-speaking neocon bullshit-artists. 
&gt;of the perceived "frontrunners,"...

this is the self-reinforcing bias that many here are complaining about.


 bombing a country is usually considered an act of war.  remember pearl harbor?  are we run by our own emperor hirohito? 
only a paul/kucinich ticket can beat her. that won't happen, so we'll lose our country to her. thank you liberals, fellow libertarians, and true conservatives for dividing over minutia. you will never learn. join or die.
straw polls are toys, just above web polls for significance. the only one that ever meant anything to anyone is the iowa poll and only because the iowa caucus is the first real contest. paul has some dedicated followers, which is meaningful, but he has little recognition and little support. if he had full recognition he could probably get to 20-25%. if he had full recognition and people knew his positions, getting rid of the fda, not just opposing the war, he would have 10-15% support.


&gt; "when he ran as the libertarian party candidate for president in 1988, he drew fewer than a half-million votes."

so just because people didn't vote for him 20 years ago means he won't stand a chance now? this was really unnecessary part of this piece. all a statement like that does is further marginalize paul as an unelectable candidate in the public eye. i really don't want him to be president, but the relentless attemps to discredit him piss me off so much i'm considering changing my registration to vote for him in the republican primary.  
stfu
i find it funny people make such a big deal about straw polls, if it was another canidate people would be decrying how worthless winning straw polls are.

of course the problem is that none of the poles really reflect reality. national polls are don't reflect cell phone users, web polls are just plain retarded, and straw polls measures the amount of dedicated supporters/how many could be bribed (depending on canidate)  
you want them to walk free?
&gt;and would do nothing to help the party.

it would be nice if they placed country before party.
lawmakers passed the war powers resolution to ensure a congressional role in presidential decisions to involve the united states in hostilities. it requires the president to consult with congress before and during hostilities (sec. 3); and to remove u.s. armed forces from hostilities if congress has not declared war or passed a resolution authorizing the use of force within 60 days (sec.. 5(b)). it grants an additional 30 days upon a formal request by the president, presumably when "unavoidable military necessity" requires additional action for a safe withdrawal.
and that is why nader is a little nuts.
&gt;so olver was basically admitting that the congress recognized the national security and homeland security presidential directive for what it was when the president signed it.

i wish the fascist wikipedians would quit removing the link to the enabling act in the wikipedia article on it.
i might as well vote for my mother.  

what i mean is that there's nobody with a chance of winning who will stand up for what is right for this country.
would love to see it happen, but i always vote this "vote up if" crap down.  don't abuse reddit this way.  
1. old story.
2. most of the controversial content was provided by corporations, not the government and was not distributed by the government. 

3. the **problem** was that tv stations were stripping off the credits - the part that actually said "this video news release was paid for by the us government" or "this informercial was provided by panasonic".

you can find other more recent views (including comments by the tv stations) at the following links:

http://www.broadcastingcable.com/article/ca6391211.html

http://www.prwatch.org/fakenews2/findings/vnrs (prwatch is the group that first uncovered the problem and has a list of every "vnr" they identified.)

comcast was just fined for showing vnrs without disclosing them: http://www.rcfp.org/news/2007/0928-bct-fccfin.html



why should every comment be a debating point?
and if paul were elected, hopefully he would appoint enough supreme court justices to overturn the war powers act.
it's some new thing to reddit..

dunno why they feel the category a story is in should somehow be part of the headline..
the story is misleading. most of the news segments were created and distributed by corporations, not the government.
that's a different scandal altogether.
http://www.prwatch.org/fakenews2/findings/vnrs

it's a list of every vnr that prwatch identified.
you're quite right.  good find.  the link is a bit slow, though.  here's wikipedia's entry:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/we_the_people_act
yes.  likely, he will.
ummm... you have an odd idea of what a "primary" source is.

a "primary" source would be someone like prwatch, who did the actual research and presented the original evidence.
and thirdly, it fits in so well with all these republican scandals flying about.
this is probably one of the most poorly thought out conspiracy theories ever seen in the reddit comments.
without sources, debating the incidence of homosexual activity in middle eastern males is fruitless. but, if it's common enough that it's analgous to drinking coffee or smoking, then why do so many states have such harsh penalties for the activity? i'd also submit that the restrictions against smoking *have* created a sort of identity around it. 

and the jailer is a moderately intersting example, considering that often, it's actually the "bottom" in the pairing that receives the brunt of the punishment in such cultures, which displays that the act is probably more about power and humiliation rather than real desire. 
"i'm still baffled as to why every article written by the msm feels the need to include this stuff."

because they are covering themselves -- they believe one of the chosen candidates will win, and will therefore try to give their support to them now to ensure continued access, later.  

supporting (or even being fair to) dr. paul may be the right thing to do, but it's not the safe bet, job-wise.
i don't think that word means what you think it means.

"muckraking" is where one prints an exposé piece on a large corporation or some form of a major power. muckrakers are reformists, and are attempting to change a corruption or expose a misconduct in the system.
[toe the line.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toe_the_line)

&gt;sometimes this phrase is written "tow the line", likely by people who have heard but not seen it written. this misspelling changes the meaning of the phrase slightly, rather than implying conformance with a rule, "tow" suggests contribution to a cause, e.g. "the pundit is towing the administration's line" alluding to a metaphorical act of pulling something with a line, cord or rope. however, this variant is grammatically suspect, as the verb tow refers to the object being towed, e.g. a car or a boat, not the mechanism by which it is towed, such as a rope or chain.  
why this won't happen. democrats in washington don't have the balls to step up.


ok, we all know that rudi gulifucki is an asshole.  i think t's enough of stories about him.  he is like the new celebrity here on reddit.  sheesh..
and here is a link to a guy admitting he made that fake article.
http://fredthompsonforum.com/showthread.php?t=1851

edit:
apparently that site is a fake. this is why i usually avoid political debates, too much dirty politics on all sides. i hope that somebody will get proof one way or the other.
solution:  do not watch msm... 
this power hungry bitch could be the whore that sits on the beast of revelations. lol
kucinich? at the very least, most people seem to agree with his policies.
agree
*i'd* vote for your mom.
what a waffling pussy and a shill for the
status quo.

obviously he doesn't hear the fat lady in full
voice.
&gt; supreme court and lower federal court decisions striking down local laws on subjects such as religious liberty, sexual orientation, family relations, education, and abortion have wrested from state and local governments issues reserved to the states and the people by the tenth amendment to the constitution of the united states.

the inclusion of religious liberty is a little baffling, especially since the first amendment guarantees freedom of religion.

i suppose you could say that the first amendment only bans *congress* from passing any laws violating freedom of religion, speech or assembly. then the tenth amendment would grant states the ability to go fascist crazy. that seems like a stretch though.

otherwise, i understand the bill. is there a more specific issue that "religious liberty" is alluding to?
watch out, there are dozens of fag bury beatles on reddit. don't say anything negative about the fudge packers.
who's voting this garbage up?
no see this would actually be a good story for the "fudge packers".
he should make a movie about it.
  "you like to be violated, bitch?"

"just dont get any sand in my vagina motherfucker."  
corporate media is, well, *corporate*. which is why you don't see a "labor" section in the newspaper anymore.

since libertarians are friendly to corporations, it's surprising they aren't fair to rp.

does any rwer want to weigh in here and explain why so many republicans hate rp so much. i'm not being snarky, i really want to know.
???!
???!!!
ah yes.  i get shit every thanksgiving from my cousin who is convinced that i, personally, set us down the road to fascism by voting green in 2000... in california.  here is my standard defense:

- i was registered green and i voted green
- public campaign financing (ngo controlled by dems and reps btw) requires a certain portion of votes before they kick in funds.  if green would have got 5% in 2000, they would have got that money, and hopefully been able to continue to grow
- nader was a vote of conscience... much like kucinich and paul are today.  a system that forces you to vote for a "winner" is one of many fundamental flaws in our system of government.  green is pro-proportional representation which would solve this problem.
- more dems voted for bush in florida than voted for nader (this pretty much says it all)
- gore is just another legacy statesman... in power largely because his father was in the senate before him.  this concept is anathema to a meritocracy.
- gore had lieberman as vice.  do you know what lieberman's position on iraq is?
- gore's wife is a twit, and a threat to civil liberties... just google and read frank zappa's appearance before the senate to see why
- we need far more fundamental reforms to our system than voting for a guy who we hope is gonna solve all our problems.  in my opinion, at the time, only nader saw the issues as i see them

so think what you must, but try not to judge out of ignorance.  of course i do that on a regular basis, so take that advice for what it cost.
if he can win *anywhere*, it's nh.
  "the right" suffers from reason-proof assholes who deserve nothing but a kick in the nuts syndrome.

i swear, i nearly shit a brick when i heard about the neocon fuckhead pundits going off about how the nobel prize is a "farce". you'd think that after al won the nobel prize, they'd say something like "oh hey, maybe he's onto something, maybe he's right." no, instead we get the reply **"nobel prize is evil!! hurrrrrrr!!! hurrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!"**

i hate republicans so much.  
ya it really worked so far, boy oh boy did the massive federal government make things soo good  for us.  just look around you.

all hail the federal homeland government!

hail!
hail!
enter a comment here
paul people are funny.  when the primaries are over what will the short bus people talk about that will never happen ad nauseum?
news.com.au is owned by rupert murdoch, who also owns fox news. they're both known for their extreme bias and fact twisting. so you can shut it.
because if you understand history you won't register republican?
bullshit only gets so far. i love how jews think propaganda is the answer to everything. 

we need better bullshit!!
the author of that news article, chuck todd, replied to the following email with a positive comment: "thanks for the note... this feedback is helpful; we're learning every day more and more about the potency of the paul movement"

=====

hi chuck,

i read your recent first read article regarding mitt romney's straw poll loss in nevada.  i wish you could have paid a little more heed to the real story, however, that ron paul came on top.  mitt romney is not especially appealing to even his strongest support base, namely those like me who are "mormon conservatives".

ron paul, on the other hand, is a true conservative--the fiscal and moral conservative that the floundering republican party needs to revive it from the ashes.  his call for a return to constitutional rule of law is resounding across the nation, and it would serve news gatekeepers well to be among the first to spot the trend.  ron paul has taken 1st place in no fewer than 16 straw polls around the nation.

as another reporter, denny jackson, in the statesmanjournal noted today:

&gt; oregon republicans got a wake-up call when their straw poll at the portland world trade center was transformed into a ron paul rally, and his supporters crushed the opposition in the poll.
&gt; about 100 paul supporters brought signs and banners, waved at traffic and pedestrians for blocks around the center, handed out literature and ended up putting ron paul in the winner's seat with 67 percent of the vote. other candidates couldn't generate enough enthusiasm to get anyone at all to come out with any visible support.
&gt; instead of ignoring or opposing paul's efforts as they have done to date, the republican party leadership should be asking themselves what it is about this man that brings so many people out of their comfortable homes and hobbies to volunteer to campaign for him when other politicians are looked upon as something nasty that got on their shoe.
&gt; here's a little hint for them: ron paul is today's thomas jefferson.

best regards,

duane johnson
provo, utah
yeah it won't be so funny when we invade/bomb you though.
actually this is very true of some of the ron paul supporters -- exactly what percentage is hard to say.

but i would say that it is equally true of the "supporters" of most other candidates as well.

most "slacktivists" seem to think they have "done something" when they put a "campaign graphic-link" on their personal blog or myspace page (which, let's face it, no one ever reads). or when they post or vote up items on digg or reddit.

not that those things are completely worthless... just that they are the tasks that require the "least work".
he's not saying you shouldn't support ron paul, he's just saying there aren't going to be enough of you ron paul supporters to get him the nomination.  he feels confident of this.  

you may disagree, or you may agree and still support ron paul.  but either way, he's not telling you or asking you to support another candidate.
ron paul
this is that fake news story you fucking tool!
"every article" aside, it's very clear to me why this article includes that: because he's apologizing for that poll getting pulled, and saying that he believes its results were legitimate.

if he left it at that, lots of people would misinterpret his article to mean that he thinks ron paul has a chance.

not only does he *not* think so and doesn't want people to believe he's saying that, but it's also a key part of his point: that the decision to run or not run this poll should *not* be based on anyone's personal opinion of ron paul's candidacy or chances, so here as an example, speaking as someone who thinks paul has no chance, he still believes the poll was legit and should not have been pulled.

however, i have learned from this reddit thread that the typical ron paul supporter on reddit has knee-jerk us vs. them, black &amp; white reactions to everything.  either it's pro-ron paul or it's anti-; react accordingly.
hmm....if we could get the secret service to agree, this just might work.
libertarians are friendly to corporations as far as competition and freedom go, but they are against corporate welfare and corporate protectionism, which most republicans support and is why the corporate media doesn't like them.
 diplomacy: the art of saying "nice doggie'' 'til you can find a stick. - wynn catlin 
nice, i see what you did there. 
plus he's not a right-wing nutjob. 
i *hate* the misspelling "tow the line" because it shows a complete lack of understanding of the idiom.  it irks me, so i downmod.
everybody loves it when i post rah-rah ron paul stuff like this, but when i post a link to his *actual* legislation or writings, it gets downmodded or ignored:

http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yctz/comments/

http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yd30/comments/

you're a fucking tool! this is a fake news story!
 wait - so the evidence is that ron paul videos have been uploaded by many different users on youtube?

first of all, that's stupid. second of all, does it matter who uploaded the videos? the remarkable thing is that they're getting hit so frequently. "ron paul" is one of the most searched-for terms on the internet, and one of the hottest names in the blogosphere.

edit: oh wait, you're just a spammer. sorry for replying.
the interpretation i have presented in the title is correct, according to wikipedia:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/we_the_people_act
you won't know that until the primaries are over.   it's still a year away.  a *lot* can and will happen between now and then.

this point in the 92 elections even bill clinton wasn't favored to win
again, they seem to be just reporting, and not presenting any actual facts.

i dont disagree with them at all, i would not put it past the current group of idiots to do stuff like this.

however, i am also smart enough to know that its very easy to start taking people's word for granted just because they agree with me.  i do my best to actually have facts instead of conjecture before making up my mind.
i lost the nv straw poll too.
yeah - what about the economics department?
not so fast.   gore is not perfect, but
he's better than this guy!

http://www.ucsusa.org/ssi/resources/the-skeptical-environmentalist.html
it looks like you're trying to argue with me, but perhaps you should focus your energy on reading instead. i said i'm *typically anti-federalist*, just with a few exceptions. you're preaching to the choir.
his pro-life agenda is less than appetizing. yet, i find it hard to believe that would actually get pushed through the senate. beside, i'll take a chance with that any day over any other republican candidate and several of the dems.
i'm not a ron paul supporter *per se*, but as long as he's around making mr. magical underpants and that cross-dressing mafioso squirm, he has my approval.
you are correct sir, what i cited are actually  secondary sources. nonetheless, they are credible secondary sources.
you know, i don't think we need more articles bemoaning the lack of action. get involved already.
john harwood: fuck you.
wow.  that just went right over your head.
or, just vote down if you vote down anything that says "vote up" *or* "vote down" in the headline.

ron paul: "certainly the drafters of the declaration of independence and the constitution, both replete with references to god, would be aghast at the federal government’s hostility to religion."

reality: there are no references to god in the constitution.  looks like ron may need to follow his own advice.
why do people have to defend themselves as not being a "ron paul nut."  what is so wrong with actually believing in a politician.  
is *that* why he's "not electable"? it seems almost a requirement these days for american politicians to be right-wing nutjobs.
http://fredthompsonforum.com/showthread.php?p=15046
http://fredthompsonforum.com/showthread.php?p=15046
actually, you and i, *by voting* make congress accountable.  it's supposed to be our civic responsibility.

  i did read it, and i'm already regretting having wasted my time.

&gt;of the 11 featured clips of senator paul, only one user uploaded more than one of them in the last 24 hours.

there's the prime piece of evidence. seems pretty flimsy to me.

&gt; astroturfing is the term used to describe a fake grassroots campaign, in which members of an organisation create the illusion that “ordinary people” are behind the movement.

even if all of the videos were uploaded by ron paul's staff, they are becoming popular because people are watching and sharing them. that's grassroots, no matter how you slice it. i think your professor needs to learn about the internets.
it would be insane for china to crash the us dollar, because such a crash would eliminate china's number one source of exports.
believe it or not, men who are attracted to boys are often not actually gay. being attracted to young boys and being attracted to full grown men are two different things. a pedo is a pedo. mind you, they never state how old the "young man" is.
i detest infowars, and that picture is idiotic.

that being said, i'd love to see [this](http://www.infowars.com/images2/cartoons/mooninites_terror.jpg) on a t-shirt (the bottom-right picture).
it supports their delusion that they are free-thinkers. this frees them from the obligation of following through. if they were actual free thinkers they would question the whole farce that is the american political process. they certainly would never have gotten suckered into an i-shot-you-first game of blue team vs red team.
have you read the book?

edit: if you have, you should know that media control and propaganda were key factors.
from her website: "reporters who are allowed to interview ann again:
john cloud, time magazine ms right
jonathan freedland of the guardian an appalling magic
jamie glasov of frontpage magazine frontpage interview: ann coulter
taylor hill of jambands.com "deadheads are what liberals claim to be but aren't": an interview with ann coulter
jonathan pitts of the baltimore sun she's the hammer; liberals her nail"

allowed to???



secede
apparently screws are not included 
ron paul signs are the only ones i'm seeing around nh (at least the concord &amp; seacoast areas).  word's getting out.


thanks. if i could edit it, i would.

-it passed spellcheck. :)
...freeing the shit out of you.
ron paul should loan himself money like romney... don't worry about fund raising, he can make believe people like him too!
hmmmm... i don't really see how those passages support a free society.  

i do recall the passages about it being ok to take slaves as long as they are from a neighboring nation, though:

http://etori.tripod.com/slave-verses.html  
unfortunately, we're the hostages in that analogy. the thing is, at a certain point death is better than slavery/imprisionment. i say call their bluff.
oh, they must be scared that ron paul supporters are a bigger demographic than they ever dreamed. cnbc is scared that they are going to lose advertising revenue from the original post. otherwise, there would be no need to right a retraction or apology. 

i say. if you are a business owner or exec that advertises with cnbc, then pull your adverts from their station and let them know why your doing it. unitied the people can affect change.
"long shot isolationist liberty kook ron paul"
to "hand over bush to law enforcement" is the right direction, but a wholly inadequate response.  the next presidential administration should bring the full force of the law to bear on george w. bush, dick cheney, and all of their co-conspirators.  no bush junta official should be spared indictment.  no bush junta family member should be spared indictment.  hell, no one who so much as put a "bush/cheney '04" bumper sticker on their gas-guzzler should be spared indictment.

frankly, i don't think this country has a chance now.  but at least we can spend our last few years (or months) punishing those who destroyed us.
a book on the american constitution will soon belong in the fiction section of the book stores.
heck, even fox news acknowledged that the administration did this: 

http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,151871,00.html
exactly what i bring up every time someone lauds hillary ... lets wait for the actual polls to count up some numbers.
anitab83's mom '08!
this is absolutely stupid.  
can't you read?

&gt;more dems voted for bush in florida than voted for nader (this pretty much says it all)

i agree; this says it all. if the democrats can't convince their own to vote for their candidate what right do they have to complain about green or unaffiliated voters not voting for their guy? get off your high horse and get a clue. 

oh, and don't ever fucking pretend to know who i would've have voted for, ever. who i voted for is my business, not yours. that goes for all of you losers who think gore lost because of nader. gore lost because of gore.
yes, i think anitab83's mom has touched us all.
rustcrumb, you are exactly right. this report is a total lie. why? the ny post is a rupert murdoch rag (he owns fox news channel). they are the bush admin's number one cheerleader. no one with any intelligence believes anything coming from the ny post. it's lest reliable than the national enquirer and the world weekly news that you get in the grocery story checkout line.
 points 1 and 2 are correect, of course, but i think the *real* problem was that news stations were running any of this junk as news, with or without credits. 

not many people on reddit will believe this, but serious news organizations *do* have standards, and running pr productions as news violates pretty much all of them.  
 that doesn't make sense. the professor isn't arguing against ron paul's ability as a candidate. he's arguing that paul campaigners are spamming youtube. which, like i said, is irrelevant because the true support is coming from people viewing and sharing the videos, not uploading them.

besides, what you just tried to execute was an [appeal to authority](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_authority), which is a logical fallacy. 
&gt; are we run by our own emperor hirohito?

yes of course.
mukasey is a jew and a strong supporter of zionism. i'm not surprised. slowly they are taking over our government.
it's doing just fine crashing itself.
i do not care.  i want actual evidence.  the only evidence i have of anyone planting anything is of this story since there does not seem to be any actual evidence of videos, just this group saying there are.

its looks as if they are saying that anytime a journalist has a slanted report that it violates the law and is a fake news story.  

the fcc hasnt even opened an investigation about it.  if it was as blatant as all these peopel are saying then i would assume it would be pretty tough for them to ignore it if there was any substance to it.

as i said, until they can give me something more than "a journalist had a slanted report.  the government might have paid him."  i am going to politely request more information before attributing another failure in democracy to him.
"the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved for the states respectively, or to the people."
amendment x, us constitution
oddly, gore didn't lose at all.
no worries.  i just felt it my duty as a good redditor to point that out.  :)  i'm also a hopeless apostrophe nazi--it's not a side of myself that i'm proud of, but i think the therapy is finally working.
bush didn't win.
blaming ralph nader for a stolen election is a little silly.
president kucinich would only have to ask them.

that's got a pretty good ring to it...
it was this bill that convinced me that i could not vote for rp, no matter his stance on other issues. everybody should print this bill out and read it carefully. it's pretty scary.
well you're right, you were aiming at nader, not me.  my cousin turns it personal, so that's usually my defense.  my bad.

that said, my fourth point was the most relevant and not personal.  roughly 200k florida democrats voted for bush.

i understand that it's convenient to scapegoat nader, but in the end it's quite arbitrary.  the person responsible for the loss in 2000 was gore (and the democratic party)... who couldn't even deliver his home state.

http://www.cagreens.org/alameda/city/0803myth/myth.html

i understand that, in retrospect (with the npp and all), the pain of "what might have been" becomes sharper thus the need to blame nader.  but i could argue that bush isn't even the problem here.  the problem is a system that could elect such a dolt, the inability of a seemingly good person to defeat the dolt, the media's complicity in selling an unjust war, and the american people's complete complacence in the face of fascism.

we can face those issues.  or we can just blame nader.
dr paul wont win because he is insane.  sorry guys.
&gt; will we have to ask permission to take out our boats or rent a house or purchase groceries?

yes.
it's not surprising that you'll find an inverse relationship between categories that are mutually exclusive.

the poll asked people to categorize each of the candidates into one of "favorable", "unfavorable", or "never heard of / no opinion".  notice that for each candidate, the 3 numbers sum to 100%.
ouch, i just pinched myself your story almost convinced me that i'm fake.
ha ha ha ha ha 
&gt;unless you are one of those anti-weapon pussies who likes it when only big strong manly cops get to carry weapons.

actually, i'm canadian.  i prefer no one carries a handgun really.  say what you will, our gun laws seem to be working for us - a larger per capita gun death rate in the us than canada.  
al gore invented the internet; you know, with the *algoreythm*;)
did you read the story?

&gt;in the last year, the government accountability office (search) ruled vnr campaigns by both the department of health and human services and the office of drug control policy violated a law that says that public money cannot fund domestic propaganda.

the gao also found that columnist armstrong williams had violated "covert propaganda" laws because he got paid to write columns praising "no child left behind." it's not a question of whether or not someone said he had a slanted viewpoint; he has a contract with the education dept. 
you know, when i hear you argue, i feel like steve irwin: "crikey, here we see the hideously stupid conservative logic in it's natural environment. science has yet to explain this complete void of rational thought in any sentient being."

so if i call an ambulance after seeing someone get shot in a robbery, and the medics just sit there and watch the guy bleed to death instead of doing their job and saving his life, they bear no responsibility?

moron.
what the redittors and other such people did with the previous poll online was basically sabotage 

it comes as no surprise that ron paul's supporters online are computer savvy which explains the exponential number online but rather minimal number in real life 

same goes for the way the turks tried to hack into cnn's system to vote attaturk as the most influential political in the past century...that result wasnt accepted , and neither was this

and now...downmod away ! 
i'm not holding myself up as an expert by any means (just that this stuff has been in the news lately, including around the release of the film [a jihad for love](http://www.ajihadforlove.blogspot.com/) )

i think the issues about punishment may be influenced by two things: first, that the iranian regime is distinct from the rest of the middle east (e.g., not arab, revolutionary, shiite, islamic), and also that there is some distinction being made about the behavior that we might not be understanding because of the cultural context. for instance, the issue might be people claiming to engage *exclusively* in homosexual acts, or in a context that the society deems inappropriate. the aspect of power might or might not play the major role.
happy to oblige! :)
dude, give it up.  no one takes you seriously.  except hillary and george.

and why is the stuff you have from overseas?
 &gt;but some of his policies would just crush the u.s.

the thing i tell myself about paul (i am planning to vote for him in the primaries) is that his more questionable/radical policies have *very little chance* of actually being implemented, while the most important of his views (anti-war, pro-privacy, etc.) are ones he could implement almost immediately.

p.s. if gore ran, i'd vote for him in the general election against any republican other than paul.
did you?  they say that one person did it.

that is not the vast conspiracy you people are making it out to be.  and it hardly implicates the bush administration.
 |"well, may be you are not "fake". may be you just fulled by fake "online campaign'"?"

no, and we're not *fooled* either! 
the author clearly is not a fan :o)
the one he listed, i think. 
does anyone realise that new hapshire's motto is "live free or die"?  new hampshire has got to be the most libertarian state in the union.  

this is a state where seat belts are voluntary, not mandatory.  same thing with bike helmets.  and no sales or income tax.  
there's the ad hominem attack. i quoted sections of the article to you. you haven't made one valid point, but you seem desperate to make me look wrong. have *you* actually read the article? 
  &gt;a key part of his point: that the decision to run or not run this poll should not be based on anyone's personal opinion of ron paul's candidacy or chances

but john harwood, the author, admits they do exactly that, and attempts to justify it in a [subsequent article](http://www.newsandpolicy.com/news/2007/10/cnbc-responds-to-accusations-of-negative-coverage.html).


woohoo!!!!!!

prisonplanet

best ride in the park!!!!!!!
did i mention you're a fucking tool!?
the *fact* that the arctic ice caps are melting about twice as fast as the computer models have predicted is a pretty strong indicator that he is, indeed, right, and that global warming is a serious problem.

i guess we could wait until every scientist agrees that undeniably, 100%, global warming is a problem.  of course, at that point it will be far too late to do anything.  oh well, the world was nice while it lasted.



   [here you go.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/news_corporation#internet)
 i'm curious as to why you'd think murdoch would not have any australian assets, he's from melbourne. he's got other holdings there as well, actually.


a few key features of that article: it is not from a "university study" as you say, it is from the *personal opinion* of the head of flinder's american studies department.  
moreover, the way the article is written casts suspicion on whether or not it represents his actual opinion. these are the **only** direct quotes from the professor in question:  
“sounded like”   
“i would not put any credibility on those results,”  
“i find it terrifically surprising and unlikely.” to which the parentheses in the second portion of that quote (that senator paul would attract that level of response) indicate that it was *added*.

these are common tactics of reporters when they have a point of view they want to push, and can quote tiny snippets from an interview and paraphrase/interpret the rest to make it sound like the person they've chosen for their authority on the matter agrees with them more than they actually do.

for instance, “i would not put any credibility on those results,” is more than likely referring to the online polls. which, in all honesty, are unscientific polls, likely not representing a balanced portion of the american public. to say they were hacked or astroturfed, though, is just silly. it's just that ron paul supporters get online and go "omg, poll! vote ron paul!" en masse, due to their relatively high familiarity with the internet compared to other candidate's followings. baby boomer's are still the primary political force in this nation, and it's pretty safe to say that few of them would be comfortable with the change that paul represents.

also, even if that *was* a correct representation of the professor's view, i doubt the scope of his credentials encompass expertise in the psychology of internet memes, which it is probably safe to say ron paul has become. 

edit: and if you're not inclined to believe wikipedia, you can go [directly to news corp's website](http://www.newscorp.com/index.html), and see they hold [significantly more newspapers in austrailia](http://www.newscorp.com/operations/newspapers.html) than anywhere else in the world. [they list websites](http://www.newscorp.com/operations/other.html#), too; of which news.com.au is one.
dude, bush sr. was the head of the cia for 30 years. ronald reagan said he'd never run with bush as his vice (look this stuff up. you can't make this kind of crap up). low and behold 6 months before the elections when ronny boy was looking good in the polls he declared bush his running mate. total 180. 

do you really think that the federal warrantless wiretapping issue is about terrorism? the fisa court would never deny a warrant for a suspected terrorist. no, it allows the administration to push through wiretaps on people they want to keep tabs on and don't want anyone to know about.
&gt;its uses the terminology of our two most formidable foes from last century: the nazis, who called germany the fatherland, and russia -- the motherland.

no, you idiot, "its" uses 'homeland', which is neither 'fatherland' not 'motherland'.

woody guthrie calling the us 'this land' probably offends you, too, right?
&gt;this is the self-reinforcing bias that many here are complaining about.

gallup had paul at 2% support for the republican nomination, compared to giuliani, thompson, and mccain at 32%, 20% and 16%. romney comes in at 4th (9%). [oct 4-7 gallup results](http://www.pollingreport.com/wh08rep.htm)

the media is definitely trying to turn the camera away from paul, but at the same time, does it really matter?

(fta:)
&gt;libertarian sentiment dominated the conference

i'd be **shocked** if paul lost.

try that same poll among a diverse group of republicans, and i would be shocked if that asshole rudy didn't win.
you mean someone is admitting that since we have a military we might end up using it if we dont see improvement in iran?

do you really want a country full of extremists to have a nuclear weapon?

i dont even want america to have them.
"the founding fathers envisioned a robustly christian yet religiously tolerant america, with churches serving as vital institutions that would eclipse the state in importance."

   -- ron paul



"who does not see that the same authority which can establish christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish with the same ease any particular sect of christians, in exclusion of all other sects?"
   
-- [james madison](http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yckm/comments/ )



            
 &gt;he's just saying there aren't going to be enough of you ron paul supporters to get him the nomination. he feels confident of this.

the problem is his "confidence," along with most of the msm, is biasing his journalism, and as such has a direct influence on the number of potential supporters.

the latest gallup poll proves as much.  scroll half-way down and look at the inverse correlation between "favorable" and "never heard of".

http://www.galluppoll.com/content/?ci=28939
 1) many vnrs were produced by the state department, the dhhs and the office of drug control policy under bush. 

2) two columnists -- armstrong williams and maggie gallagher -- were paid to write columns promoting bush initiatives.

see: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/a36545-2005jan25.html


i'm not making this out to be a "vast conpsiracy." nor is any of this new news. but , uh, it *did* actually happen.  
did you read it or just go "omg ron paul is god!!"
author's name is "chuck todd", possible lds member?
you've got to be kidding. the backbone of satirical political news is bill clinton. not to mention basic political joke material. 

letterman used to do a "classic clinton joke" segment during his monologue where he would simply re-deliver a clinton joke he did in the 90s. those blowjob jokes don't get old.
who would also overturn roe vs wade, block any federal attempt to stop me from having a battletank(that will show those fuckers in the hoa) and kick a puppy.
well, i guess if there's "some" on one side and "some" on another, that means they're balanced - right? so there's no need to worry about anything, right?

sounds reasonable to me!
ron paul needs to read it a few times himself.

he should carry a pocket book version like you know who.
rumsfeld. you can't blame the military for being short-sheeted.
so why isnt the fcc investigating?
before there was *darpa net* there was *arpa net*; you know, back in the '60s! :p
source?
&gt;does any rwer want to weigh in here and explain why so many republicans hate rp so much. i'm not being snarky, i really want to know.

i'm not a rwer myself, and not a huge paul fan, but here's my guess...

he's no dubya.

think about it for a minute. george w is as close to a meaningless figurehead as you can get. he surrounds himself with neocons and is very malleable, from the view of the republican core.

paul is the opposite -- he is going to vote for what he feels right. like the guy, hate the guy, whatever -- you have to admit that he is probably the most principled of the candidates.

as such, he scares the republicans. he isn't going to fall in lockstep with the party. they want that like the plague. hell, the guy  routinely votes *against* republican legislation. they dread him with veto power.

paul's libertarian leanings will distance him from the republican core... as such, they must work against him.
he didn't say the constitution was replete with such references, he stated that its drafters were.  if you were read their works &amp; letters in any depth at all, you'd find that to be true very rapidly.

reality: learn to read.
i dunno.  right-wing nutjobs are a minority of the elected officials in the us.

it's just that bush has had shitty competition the past two elections.

despite gore's newfound popularity, he did a really bad job vs. bush in 2000.
it's also worth noting that the republican field has 8 pro-war candidates and 1 anti-war candidate.  the math is in paul's favor.  so too is the apathy of the general public as compared to paul's supporters.
i heard william f. buckley say this on a weekend news show.  shocking.
 i'm surprised this hasn't generated more comments: 

1. the excuse that "9/11 changed everything" so civil liberties became expendable cannot be the reason for the wiretapping if it was already in place pre-9/11. 

2. claims that wiretapping would prevent 9/11-type terrorist activities is similarly hogwash.  
if the dollar crashed, the export market will still be there (americans would still need/demand chinese goods) but they just wouldn't be able to pay dollars for them.  you would just have to switch to a "harder" currency, such as gold, oil, etc.
you mean in addition to kucinich?
very true.

of those, the national polls are the closest you can get to a real measurement of american political sentiment, and they are obviously imperfect.

if rudy won this straw poll, there wouldn't even be a story on reddit. if some improbable candidate (brownback, hagel, etc.) won, we *might* get a story about how ridiculous this form of polling is.

we get to read a story about this, though, because reddit users seem to have strong libertarian feelings -- the same reason paul won the poll in the first place, as the article indicates.
there is no such thing as hell.
quite agree.  it just kills me how the ron paul bots upmod every article that shows the msm mistreating their bff, but downmod or ignore the things he's *actually* written.  here's another:

http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yd30/comments/ 
how can you have a right to force somebody else to do something?

notice how you have the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. you do not have the right to happiness itself.
upmodded for having "women" and "fuck" in the same sentence.  
oh, if only we were all as free-thinking as oh-so-holy-you to realize we shouldn't participate in the "farce that is the american political process."

"we should be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brain falls out." - dawkins
aipac/bush/cheney what's the difference?
stuff like this makes me wonder why redditors support ron paul instead of mike gravel. oh well. if ron paul does make it as the republican candidate, and neither gravel or kuchinich make it as the democrat candidate, i'd vote for him.
ziss iss clevair
&gt; boy oh boy did the massive federal government make things soo good for us

indeed. we're the richest, most prosperous civilization in the history of the planet, and most of that was achieved thanks in larger part to a large and growing federal government beginning in the 1930's.
and kill their main source of export revenue?

brilliant!

and, on a whim, the us could nuke the uk into a  nice glassy surface.  but it would make much sense to do so.
couldn't have said it better :) i know that's what the upmod button is for, but i had to tell ya as well ;d
and guess who gets to fund it!
sabotaging online polls... zomg internet terrorists are among us!!1!  those computer savvy nuts can visit a website and use their mouse clicker... we are so screwed!
so what?

i was already aware of his views on this, i think he's wrong. i'm still voting for him.

my boss is an evangelical christian, but he keeps that crap to at most a very dull roar, and is pretty damn competent for someone in management. it's possible, you know?

we're voting in a president, one that will likely only get 4 years. not an emperor.
except for the "most republicans support", you hit it on the head.

most repub candidates and an unknown number of voters love corporate welfare and corporate protectionism; the bigger the better!
which was what i thought when i initially saw the headline. no one in the right (left?) mind could think he wasn't a funny guy. similarly, no one in their right mind could think that our current political climate wasn't doubleplusunfunny.
 don't you know?!  it's internet terrorism...  hide your childrens... or better yet... move your family to canada! 
numbers are not exponential.  trends can be exponential, functions can be, but not numbers.  it doesn't mean anything.  you sound really stupid to those who know what the word means when you use it like that.
well, off you go then :\
whether that is the case or not, it is not something he shows in this article.  i'm not arguing with the general statement, i'm just saying turkeybacon's characterization of what *this article* says is waaay off target.
no pledge drive necessary. 
thanks. 

i think he has many positions that folks here on reddit would find quite disturbing.  yet, when i post his *actual* writings (like this link) or his policy positions, they seem to get downmodded or ignored.  for example, [his bill](http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yctz/comments/ ) to prevent people from going to federal court to seek redress from religious discrimination.


ah see now that does make more sense when you put it that way.  

but still the article only mentions ron paul only once...  the rest is about romney and the other republicans.  
it's worse than that.  there's a kind of fervor for him that defies reason.  i suspect that folks who disagree with the views he espouses here are downmodding this article.  just a guess.

and i write this as one who is very sympathetic to many of his views on foreign policy, and particularly the signals he sends on the importance of the constitution.  however, i think that if we read him carefully, we'll find he has a rather idiosyncratic interpretation of it.  this is one example.

it's no coincidence too that he has only a 55% rating from the aclu.  most democrats score much better than this.  kucinich and gravel come out in the 80s.

yes...focus on that

noticed any spelling errors while you were at it ?
revolution.  seriously...the time has come
screencap or it didn't happen.
i'm voting for ron paul despite some stubborn philosophies. i want a drastic change. i'd rather "over-correct" than elect someone who is too cowardly and complacent to make the slightest change. 
  no, not murdoch against paul, murdoch *for* money. murdoch for news that sells = murdoch for war.

you will not find the word "study" anywhere on that article. you're reading that into it yourself. the *only* instance *any form* of the word "study" appears is to say "head of flinders university’s department of american studies". seriously, do a page search. his title doesn't mean everything that comes out of his mouth is automatically a study.  

and honestly, are you going to trust an article that doesn't even bother to look up the title of the person the article is *about*? ron paul is a *congressman*, not a senator.
sure, but it's a 3-way option.  the implication of saying he is "low in the polls" is that people find him unfavorable.

my only point was that the media creates a self-fulfilling prophecy which they continue to ignore or marginalize.

1. candidate raises money
2. report on candidate
3. name recognition increases
3. evaluate national polls
4. goto 2

it shows us where the media is looking. there are obviously a lot of ron paul supporters, but the media *is not looking at them*. the media looks at washington. so if a person gets his worldview from the media, "republican" right now will appear to mean "neocon". this does not have to reflect the sentiment on the ground, and i suspect it doesn't.
fuck nader.  fuck him right in the ear.
omg i've gone blind...
&gt; if the dollar crashed, the export market will still be there (americans would still need/demand chinese goods)

why would we buy from china?  it would be cheaper for us to manufacture our own.
i disagree that socialized healthcare would work best at a federal level. every country that currently has a successful socialized medicine system has a population less than california's. (i'm pulling this number out of my ass, but my point is that they're much smaller than america.) assuming that a country with such deep anti-socialist tendencies can put together a better system on a grander scale than has ever been done before is pretty far out there.

i think we should leave it to the states. one size doesn't fit all, and states will be able to learn what works and what doesn't from each other. the federal government isn't the right place for it, and even though it looks like the most convenient place to get it implemented, i think america will be better off if states take the initiative to get this done.
what's your fucking problem?
first of all, that was a brilliantly evil hack. bravo!

second of all, how is this a line item veto? surely a "line" means more than a few disconnected words and pieces of numbers, right?
&gt;my boss is an evangelical christian, but he keeps that crap to at most a very dull roar, and is pretty damn competent for someone in management. it's possible, you know?

he keeps it to a very dull roar *now*.  there are laws (and a culture) in place that prevent him from doing more about it.  

americans seem to be so very trusting, so very willing to overlook discomforting facts when it comes to their leaders.  and then... it's too late.  
 the flaw is reading a poll only as an indicator of support vs opposition.  the first threshold to a poll's value is name recognition, and by choosing to ignore paul the msm affect his potential standing in national polls.

the gallup poll also included a favorability question.  scroll down about half-way and tell me what you infer from the bar graph:

http://www.galluppoll.com/content/?ci=28939
 &gt;hell, no one who so much as put a "bush/cheney '04" bumper sticker on their gas-guzzler should be spared indictment.

too far.

[edit: to downmodders - wtf? you actually *support* arresting people just for the recipient of their vote?]
you would think they would counter with "us guilty of turkey genocide every thanksgiving for well over 200 years." 
the *rational* response to american political reality is to pick up a rifle and declare open season on the ruling class.

however, most people have an irrational instinct which counteracts the pull of this rationality - the survival instinct. that is how we are reduced to playing all kinds of games while pretending to make a difference.
cheney can go fuck his shotgun.
that's why you should be a nice neighbor.
hypothetically, assume he will.

could that be what tips him over the hump and makes joe sixpack take notice? i don't know enough about how us politics is reported domestically to hazard a guess.
... and actually, come to think of it, this writer is saying exactly the opposite.  he's directly making the case that a media organization's belief that ron paul can't win is not excuse for cutting coverage of him.  that's why he basically says "i too believe paul can't win, but hiding this poll was wrong nevertheless".
not to mention: they're holding u.s. dollars.

why, if you have a huge stack of your investment in a single currency/stock, would you irresponsibly unload that stock causing it to decline in value?

if they sell it all at once (and it crashed the market) you wouldn't get paid.  if you stop buying dollars quickly or start selling them, you put the rest of your holdings in jeopardy.  both crash your own economy.

so short of all out war, there's no reason to do so.  even if you start investing in other currencies, you will do so very carefully so as to not ruin your investment in dollars.
ask the fcc. 
amy goodman, host of democracy now!, delivers a thundering speech in this video of her keynote address at 2007's solfest in hopland, california. goodman says that us journalists have abdicated their roles as skeptics and critics, cozying up to power rather than challenging it.
great idea, except that none of the front runners will want to do it for fear of opening themselves up for attack.  the race for the middle won't start until candidates care about the middle which has to be after the primaries.
oh dear god. if there's anyone i'd hate more than the state trying to control my life, it would be the church.
i too call ron paul a nut but i don't think he lies.  i believe he is a good and honest man who believes the things he says.  a very rare trait in a politician.

however, i think he's a nut because he has a blind, all-too-encompassing faith in free market ideology.

i do not wish to enter into the details of my own dislike of free markets (they're irrelevant).  it is my belief that free market fundamentalism is extremely flawed and people that believe in it are nut jobs.  (once again, this is *my* judgment and it might turn out that *i'm* the nut.  i doubt it though.)
of course mormons don't have the same beliefs as other churches.  that's why they're not the same church.  most people define a 'christian' as someone who believes jesus is the messiah.  mormons believe that.  what is your definition of 'christian'?

secondly, if there was some fringe muslim sect that still believed in allah and muhammed but had some significant differences from mainstream islam, would you say they aren't muslims?  wtf would you call them?
oh, yes, i absolutely agree, and note your observation of a negative correlation. 

but we can't just blame the msm. paul raised a surprising $5m in the third quarter, but that just isn't enough to compete with the others.

sounds somewhat like a chicken and egg type problem -- you have to have money to get the media to recognize you, and your only hope to get more money is to build name recognition... through the media. 

but, in the end, paul lacks the graces of the republican party, so gaining any attention from the msm is going to be ridiculously difficult... they'd rather pimp out their golden boy rudi "did i mention 9/11 yet?" giuliani
great response.

so, you have all these people who are making claims that something happened.

then you have the body that is entrusted with investigating those claims saying, "erm.. no."
ralph would never say that about me! liar! when did he say that?! 
some christians think they are jewish christians, yet jews don't think that's possible.
i believe it is a little more sinister than that.

the media support only corporate candidates (since they are corporations themselves).

it hinges upon "[c]andidate rais[ing] money" because in the states you *cannot* raise a lot of money except from people *with* a lot of it (which is why the ignore paul's recent fund raising); and your possession of vast campaign funds implies you "belong" to the people (aka corporations) that have paid you so much.  if i had a lot of money i wouldn't "donate" it to you unless you were willing to "scratch my back in return".

btw, this is exactly what happened with hilary when she first spoke about healthcare.  they just bought her out.
this particular game seems more like one of "subvert the red team".

surely you can acknowledge that an election between eg: paul and kucinich would be qualitatively different than one between clinton and romney, *even if it was a fix and a mug's game*. the cultural fallout would be hugely different.
it would be cool if solar (photovoltaic) cells became the standard default (maybe even required) roofing material. and if any state were to pull something like that it would be california. once everyone has a solar roof suddenly no more sdg&amp;e wanting to build huge power lines though pristine wilderness areas.
&gt; my thesis is that technical people are aligned with libertarian values.

&gt; these people include programmers, net administrators, early adopters, and other people who are especially active on the net.

if that were true, i'd support diebold voting machines ;-)
cool
this seems to be a reasonable supposition.  but  you should write an actual article trying to support it, and link to that.  a one sentence thesis summary just isn't all that interesting.
i think you're missing something. you can't just create gold and oil... sure a country with lots of natural resources will have more than another, but you ultimately today need to buy those things on the commodity markets. and you buy in your currency. what it's worth on the world stage determines what you can buy. if the buying power of the us is diminished, it hurts china because china depends on our buying power.

so the question remains: why would china crash our currency? the only possible answer i can imagine would be if china wanted to close it's trade surplus with us for some reason. why though? 
  fair enough.  

my only reservation is the notion of needing money to compete with the others.  i imagine very few people have seen presidential ads.  rather the money fight results in msm exposure, and *that* is what gets recognition; the money itself is largely incidental. imo
bush will declare national emergency, institute martial law and cancel the 2008 election anyway, so bring the fight to the motherfucker now!!!
douche related bag.
*obviously*
their [own dogma](http://lds.org/portal/site/ldsorg/menuitem.b12f9d18fae655bb69095bd3e44916a0/?vgnextoid=024644f8f206c010vgnvcm1000004d82620arcrd&amp;locale=0&amp;sourceid=e0710e2cbc3fb010vgnvcm1000004d82620a____&amp;hidenav=1) says that, does it?  not sure where you get that.  

also i'm not sure what catholicism has to do with whether mormons believe in jesus.  they do.  it's really pretty simple.
donated $20 just today.
why are you replying to all of my comments w/ childish bullshit?
we will talk about you still sitting on the short bus and not thinking that it is possible to drive the bus in a different direction and get off it and have a life worth living.
awesome.  that must mean less corruption, right?  all purged out when he took office.
if only this would happen, then maybe we could finally get this revolution off the ground.
hundred bucks says paul doesn't get the primary.  money where your mouth is, bitch?
too lazy to google?

http://www.sltrib.com/ci_7083275
that might be why the right attacks gore's prize.

me, i do it because he's full of shit, and would remain so even if he switched parties. it's not a democrat/republican thing, they're both worthless.
 yes, it sounds like you're the kind of person who sticks firmly to your core set of principles, except when you don't.

it scares me too that companies will start to prioritize some traffic over others. but if people had real choice over isps, then they could switch to isps that voluntarily preserve net neutrality. the biggest problem is that governments have intentionally through legislation created monopolies on cable and telephone services, giving most people only one or two reasonable choices of isps. thus achieving voluntary net neutrality requires not federal legislation, but repealing laws making it illegal to compete with the local phone and cable companies. wireless competition is coming slowly - unless the fcc screws that up. when ron paul says he wants to keep the government's hands off the internet, he really, consistently means it.

as for health care, this is ironic coming right after i read [about patients in the u.k. pulling their own teeth because they couldn't find nhs dentists](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=487621&amp;in_page_id=1770&amp;ct=5)
 
i was going to put it on a blog and elaborate, but i figured this way would be more efficient. 

the prescription drug benefit prohibits the government from negotiating price with the pharmaceutical companies; they can name their price. schip doesn't allow a comparable plunder of the treasury.
the whole world knows george w bush will not tolerate evil-doing.
so, you created your account today, and every one of your comments thus far has been some dickheaded reply to one of my comments. what are your other names? *is this dannykeithjames?* is that you!? i thought i told you to get a hooker and stop taking your sexual angst out on others!
the declaration of independence and constitution are "replete with references to god"?

are they reading some short-bus version of the documents i'm not familiar with?

the declaration uses the word god once, but not in a biblical sense:

"when in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of &lt;b&gt;nature's god&lt;/b&gt; entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation."

the word god is not mentioned in the constitution once.
i dunno. the state controlling our lives has made us apathetic and cynical about politics, so maybe a theocracy is just what we need to make us all atheists.

again, news.com.au is owned by newscorp, which also owns fox news. both are *renowned* for lies, so i wouldn't be talking about them *or* about spam, considering all you've done for the past 2 days on reddit is reply to every paul story you can find with this idiocy.
you have said this better than i have ever been able too and i am voting for ron paul too.

its not that he has the best ideas or that i agree with all that he says.  hell, some things i see as a bit outlandish but i also understand that no pres ever gets everything done that he wants to.  time wont allow.  congress wont allow.  the people wont allow (and ron paul will listen to what the people want because of his democracy stance).  etc.

we have gotten into a mess and we need the opposite of what we have in office right now to get out of it or to stop it from perpetuating.  the only opposite that i see is ron paul.  because of this i agree with your 'over-correct' example.  thanks.
a great quote i read on some other blog (sorry, i forget where):

"ron paul is like a stripper with a penis. looks great until the clothes start coming off..."

great points!
still not thinking. just attacking. my money is going to the campaign. where's your money going?
so you don't care that the government accountability office, a congressional arm entrusted with, uh, government accountability, found that the bush administration had in fact done these things and that they did indeed violate the law? 

http://www.nytimes.com/2005/10/01/politics/01educ.html

more details on it all:

http://www.nytimes.com/2005/03/13/politics/13covert.html?pagewanted=print&amp;position=
 i'm starting to wonder if there is a ron paul mob or ron paul bots.

seriously... i'm not joking. something smells fishy about this guy when you look under the cover.  i recall reading once that the christian reconstructionist movement actually has position papers about using libertarian rhetoric, but that the strategy is to invoke liberty whenever the state threatens a "christian value" but to invoke the state otherwise.

i think most of his grassroots support comes from his anti-war and small-government stances, which i wholeheartedly agree with. the problem is the other stuff that's mixed into there.

can somebody whack this stupid bitch upside the head with a reality brick, please
bull!  they aren't doing it because they are gut-less wonders!  we need a really good third party.
you will probably witness the "write in ron paul movement"

just saying, that is how much a good chunk of people support this guy.
from your link, 40% of those polled don't know who mitt romney is.
and here's my open letter:

dear john harwood,

nice apology. i couldn't help but notice you picked an unflattering picture of ron paul.

please don't try to explain yourself again. or, better yet, do. remind everyone that you are a biased journalist.    
if i were a cunt, i would make sure to be the freshest, cleanest cunt around... so, clearly your argument here is baseless.
   you aren't putting up any money because you'd lose.  if it was a slam dunk then you'd think you were taking candy from a baby,  wouldn't you?  you could double the money you had available to give to paul hence your not wagering.

i voted to put paul in washington but i don't want him as president and he's not a viable presidential candidate and never will be.

hundred bucks says i've actually voted for paul about 5 times more than you ever will including back when he used to run as a libertarian candidate.

no matter how hard you wish and say "i think he can, i think he can" he is not viable and you are kidding yourself.   he's not viable as a republican and he's no longer viable as a libertarian because he jumped ship.
the verses i cited support the right of private property, freedom of contract, and free trade:  bedrocks of a free society.
that's because the constitution is liberal propaganda.

(literally... it is... :)

fascinating, but clearly not a line item veto.  it is at least an interesting example of the wrong way to grant the executive a line item veto.
the regulations from the old testament have been put away and are no longer applicable.

the cited page is correct, however, in that the new testament does not prohibit slavery. it's a tricky issue: how can one own slaves and at the same time "do unto others"?
sorry/thanks
alex jones jumped the shark a while ago.

at the time of the founding fathers, the us *was* a robustly christian yet religiously tolerant country. 

there's nothing here suggesting that rp is endorsing an official religion for the us, nor any special powers for christians: he's just saying that if a bunch of buddhist firemen want to put up a buddhist tree to celebrate buddmas, the courts shouldn't prevent them from doing so. 


free market and yes.
nice letter. won't change a thing. *sigh*
but he'll still lose.
more to come by the end of the evening.
from tfa:

&gt; because paul's views--respectable, well-articulated and sincerely held as they are--are plainly out of step with the mainstream sentiment of the party he is running in.

where is your evidence?  what do you mean by  "out of step with the mainstream sentiment of the party"?  does he mean the republican voter base don't like paul?  does he mean the other republican candidates don't like paul (because he speaks the truth)?  or does he just mean that the "mainstream" republican funding sources don't like paul?
who?
you are probably correct there. 

the media notes who has the money and assumes they will become the frontrunner, and gives recognition to that candidate, which leads to more name recognition, which gives more positive responses, ...

as far as i can tell, it's an intractable problem if you aren't the favored child of the party.
just like bush's loss in the 1978 congressional race made it *completely* impossible for him to ever win the presidency...

*roll eyes* what a load of crap. i can't believe people actually take this seriously.
well, he was stopped. all hail president kerry? oops...
let me guess the name:

"how to give lip service to our constitution while doing whatever the fuck you want."
then the primaries will be rigged.

and if you think they won't, you really haven't been paying attention in the last ten years.  mr. nine-eleven will win, whether he really did or not.
revelation 17:7  and the angel said unto me, wherefore didst thou marvel? i will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.

revelation 17:16  and the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.

'christian' as someone who believes jesus is the messiah, correct- secondly, muslims believe muhammad was a prophet, and believe jesus was a prophet too? if i'm not mistaken.  i am lost for words. i can't really debate this anymore, cause i dont know much about mormons or islam religion.
 from tfa:

&gt; what are the reasons? the same reasons that drive news coverage of all kinds. some things are covered purely because they are novel and interesting. but most news coverage is driven by what editors consider most important. candidates who have a strong chance of becoming president are more important than those who don't.

in other words, ending the editors of cnbc do not deem ending the war important.  so much for the "liberal media".

&gt; do our coverage decisions forestall the emergence of candidates who could otherwise draw enough backing to win a major party nomination or the presidency? perhaps a little. but i doubt very much.

bullshit.

&gt; plenty of candidates have overcome bad press or dismissive press, made their own breaks, and moved into full contention--think jimmy carter in 1976, gary hart in 1984, bill clinton in 1992, john mccain in 2000, john kerry in 2004.

there is only one thing worse than being talked about and that is not being talked about. -- oscar wilde.

when you're slandering or criticizing a candidate you're informing the public about him/her.  what are you doing when you're intentionally ignoring him/her?
one of the problems is that there is no perfect candidate.  so we are left choosing the one we dislike the least, warts and all.  this time around the choice for many of us (myself included) is ron paul.
puppy-kicking is an issue for state laws.
maybe but they generally get upset with gays that won't come out.
at the insane asylum?
 &gt;if ron paul does make it as the republican candidate, and neither gravel or kuchinich make it as the democrat candidate, i'd vote for him.

if ron paul makes it as the republican candidate, monkeys will fly out of my ass. 

if ron paul makes it as the republican candidate, *and* either gravel or kuchinich makes it as the democratic candidate, monkeys will fly out of my ass, type out the complete works of shakespeare in one go, then fly back in.  

 
why can't i do both?

they looked at youtube and noticed one person was posting the majority of the videos.  from this, they gathered that the entire grassroots movement was fake.

that's not evidence, it's really fucking bad journalism.  one drive around austin these days will tell you so.  signs and bumper stickers everywhere.  almost as many as bush had in 1999...
what's wrong with nuclear? i hate gore as much as anyone, but just because you got bladder cancer doesn't mean it was a nuke plant's fault.

try eating something other than fast food junk, you worthless 'tard.
upmodded for keeping the paul / kucinich 08 dream alive.
probably not
that just means federal corruption is in decline.

wooohooooo!!!!
&gt;we're voting in a president, one that will likely only get 4 years. not an emperor.

i seem to recall people saying almost that exact same thing in 2000.
they tried this 6 million holocaust in 1919 after wwi and it didn't stick.
did you loan yourself tens of millions of dollars too?
way to argue from assertion. where in the constitution does it say that?

hint: the answer is "nowhere". the president being commander in chief of the armed forces doesn't give him the right to attack other nations unilaterally, otherwise congress' power to declare war would be meaningless.

i remember a time when news was news, now it's a competition for who will get most page views
dude, what the fuck is your problem? 
mormons consider themselves christians.

most other christian denominations don't consider mormons to be christians.

&gt;the national polls are the closest you can get to a real measurement of american political sentiment

how can one measure the sentiment towards ron paul when his "never heard of" percentage is around 70%?    while the results of the poll might be borne out in the election, a skewed media exposure results in skewed polling.
you figured it out, he has outsourced his volunteers overseas.
 and thus he sits lower in the polls than giuliani, thompson, and mccain.  
agreed.  he was off, and part of your response was off.  ;)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_for_the_new_american_century


it wasn't a big secret. 
not even the fbi pin 9/11 on obl on his "wanted poster".
nope, that was the famous "vanna white" veto. not a line-item veto. get your facts straight.
 &gt;this writer is saying exactly the opposite...

you might infer that, but in a [subsequent article](http://www.newsandpolicy.com/news/2007/10/cnbc-responds-to-accusations-of-negative-coverage.html) the author makes clear your inference is incorrect.  he quite explicitly defends cutting coverage based on the belief rp can't win.
i'm just afraid that socialized healthcare would never be implemented at a state level. then again, it might never be implemented at a national level. i suppose once it's laid out i'm just being hypocritical - and besides, you're right that it works better in smaller countries.

so yeah, i agree.
  &gt; the founding fathers didn't conceive of a populace entirely disinterested in curbing the abuse of power.

agree with you in spirit but disagree with this one point.  they *definitely* conceived of the idea of an apathetic populace; they just concluded that if the populace is apathetic, no laws or constitutions or anything will help.  they damned such a populace to oppression and eventually violent revolution.

some of their thoughts:

&gt; "he who sacrifices freedom for security deserves neither."

&gt; "the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."  
thomas jefferson was an anti-federalist.  he fought the constitution.  ron paul defends it too the end.  

jefferson also believed that each generation should write its own constitution.  ron paul upholds the value of a document written 250 years ago.  
shhh... we want rudy to get nominated because he'll get destroyed in the general election. let's save these stories for later.
you were asking what was next not what the outcome would be.
even if we believe your ridiculous book to be fact, it narrows the search for this whore down to every female that will ever exist.

you would just like to think it is clinton rather than, say, laura bush because it suits your opinionated self to think so.
 it's not a part of the headline. if you're browsing politics.reddit.com, you won't see it. it's only for subreddit submissions that are cross-posted to the main page.

i think it's great. 
  seriously?  no really, seriously?  the phrases "motherland," "fatherland" and "homeland" have all been used *countless* times in a myriad of contexts.  while this terms aren't the focus of the article (it's perhaps too rant-y for kind of thesis), this allusion still absolutely absurd.

here's one person that calls 
[nepal](http://deevio.tripod.com/nepal_hist_early.html) his motherland.

the governing body that was established in the netherlands *after* it was liberated from the third reich was called the [fatherland committee](http://www.britannica.com/eb/topic-202525/fatherland-committee).    

i usually don't expect much from the chimp, but attempting to say {mother,father,home}land is synonymous with wickedness is just silly.
well, the math is a little fuzzy, but i'll allow it. 
&gt; and would do nothing to help the party.

not true.  i will not support cowards.  strength is needed.
sadly, that doesn't work so well if you're the only one doing it.

spineless? yes, they are. but there's no reason to set up an anti-anti-bush backlash when we've got such a nice anti-bush backlash going.
lol

"random aussie professor thinks... blah."  so not only do they provide no facts to back up their assertion, they get obvious facts wrong; namely he's not a senator.  
here's some friendly advice.  take it or leave it.

one of the common perceptions of ron paul is that he, and by extension his most vocal supporters, are nutjobs.

now, obviously you disagree with that characterization of him and of you.  but you can't deny that that characterization is out there, and pretty common.

so, i think, in the face of that, it would behoove you not to make ridiculous superlative claims.

what's next? ron paul is jesus?
pardon me for being daft, but could someone please explain to me why barring moral issues from federal courts is bad?  it seems to me that this follows from libertarian principles.  it keeps issues of morality out of the jurisdiction of the federal courts (you can still go to local/appellate courts) and prevents federal tax money from being spent on cases that should be decided at the local level.  am i missing something?
adjusted for inflation.
hence his opposition to nafta, cafta, sugar tariffs, corn subsidies, etc.
do something? you mean like vote up?
this works for me.  any thing to keep that guy out of office.  he gives off an authoritarian, everything relates to 911, george w. bush kind of vibe.  i'm not cool with that.  
also of note is ron paul's "we the people act", a signature piece of legislation, which would prevent people from pursuing cases of religious discrimination in federal court:

http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yctz/comments/ 
"naked lunch" was the worst movie ever.
i believe people say this because reddit, as of late, has had a lot of people completely disregarding any positive comment about ron paul simply because they believe the commenter is a ron paul "nut" and therefore should be ignored.

i said i am not a ron paul nut because i'm not.  while i agree with some of his stances, and find some of his old school republicanism refreshing in the light of all the neo-conservatism out there, i don't agree with every word out of his mouth.  but for that matter, i'm not nutty for any of the current runners. 

who am i going to vote for?  no idea yet.  i'm waiting to see what all is being said, and then weighing over how i can most make my vote count in the larger *electoral college* scheme of things before casting my lot in.  it's not an easy decision.
not considering the capitol needed to create a manufacturing base, which we really don't have anymore.  at least not on a scale that would meet demand.  
aint that the truth.
rp's "we the people act" would prevent you from taking any case of religious discrimination to federal court:

http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yctz/comments/

i was just going to post that. this article is nothing but bullshit propaganda. the gop is simply trying to put pressure on congress to pass the telcom amnesty act. 
i suspect you'll get a lot of downvotes for referring to "the teaching of christ", but i think your comment is very valid regardless of what system of beliefs you use to justify it.
qed, eh?
&gt; one of the problems is that there is no perfect candidate.

you dislike kucinich more?  he voted against the war, has a much higher civil liberties rating than rp (86% versus 55% from the aclu), and actually speaks of prosecuting bush and cheney if they are not impeached.  rp is completely silent on maintaining rule of law.  and, we don't have to worry about kucinich carving out a special role for christianity either.
and the us could crash the chinese market by dropping 10,000 nuclear weapons on its major cities....but that makes about as much sense as china purposely crashing the dollar market. 
damn, wrote my comment then read yours. well put.
you know, there are democrats that do not like clinton either. but you just keep telling your opinionated self there aren't.

(p.s. in case you didn't know, there are not very many who consider that "ridiculous book" to be fact. it is generally understood in allegorical terms.)
yes. yes i do.
meh. maybe not if it looks like guiliani is going to win. (i know, much better situation, right?)
her site wasn't vandalized... it was "perfected".
well, reed311 is correct; "replete" refers to the consitution and the declaration of independence, and they really aren't replete with such references.

but... paul's point regarding the founders was largely correct despite the dollop of hyperbole.
1% of the population is still a rather large number of people, a greater amount of people than turn out to vote on those online polls. the thing is, ron paul supporters tend to fall within an "avid internet users" demographic, and therefore are very vocal on that front.

i'm not saying for certain that there's more than 1%, i'm just saying, that all the online noise can be explained by understanding *which* 1% you're talking about.
besides, they trigger godwin's law right off the bat. they've lost the argument before it's even begun.
first, discrimination for any reason is not a moral issue, it is an issue of civil rights. would you like to be told you can't go to school because you are left handed (i know many people that were forced to change). would you like to be told you can't get a job because you are jewish? or black? that's what ron paul wants. as long as he gets his, he doesn't give a shit how people are treated by local governments.

state courts and state legislatures are notoriously bigoted and incompetent. if ron paul got his way, blacks would still be sitting in the back of the bus in alabama. the hands-off approach simply doesn't work when it comes to civil rights. 
 bullshit. you don't see americans running around calling other countries' prime ministers "president", because "president" is american for "prime minister", now do you? and if *anyone* was going to make that mistake, it'd be either the us, or just a *bad journalist*. 
i know one of the people behind those signs and bumper stickers, related to him through marriage.  hes an asshole.
it's an issue of discrimination, not personal morality.  this bill would prevent someone filing a claim in federal court if, for instance, a state required contractors to follow the christian faith.  that is precisely the kind of thing the constitution is meant to prevent, and that should therefore be a federal issue.
why?
i'm confident that it will happen in california within the next five to ten years if the federal government doesn't do it first. if it works well, other states will jump in as well. if it takes a while to work out the kinks, some of the other liberal states might try it out with a slightly different system. eventually, there will be a couple of examples of successful state systems which other states will start to adopt.

i don't think there's any need to rush into this. we're definitely way behind most of the industrialized world, but trying to throw together a politically acceptable solution as soon as possible will lead to compromises that will likely make the system work worse than it should, especially if it's done at the federal level. the system that hillary clinton (and obama, i think) are proposing are such systems. those solutions get the support of most of the democratic party because at least they're *something*. i think that's a bad approach.
are they being prosecuted for it?

were their any fines?

see, it doesnt matter what congress does because there are never any repercussions.
here's hoping that thing they say about history  comes true. 
she supports whatever she thinks will get her elected.
 or as claire wolfe puts it:  

*america is at that awkward stage. it's too late to work within the system, but too early to shoot the bastards.*
well, on nearly every other issue, it's at least debatable.

the best the fiat supporters can come up with is that it "works, why change". except that we've had a great depression on our hands, and decadely recessions, not to mention 3 bubbles in recent memory.

they have no idea why, other than that it seems archaic and "unmodern".
voldemort?
can't say...
editing of titles no longer seems to work ...
warmongerer.
author dissects a hatchet piece on ron paul.
mormons are christians. 
ron paul's fate is tied to that of reddit's, and it appears that his campaign has also jumped the shark.
nice.
 then he must have lost? rtfm...
(slightly off topic)why is there never news about obama? he seems like good option. to me anyway.
maryfroob
in fairness the economy is a lot different now and it has been over 4 years.  plus i think raising taxes on cars sounds great. 
from a press release from the dea:

&gt; drug legalization lobbyists now have one less pot of money to rely on.

since when is legalization advocacy a crime itself, or something to be discouraged?

wtf? what country am i living in?
and this is why we need ron paul...
it is un-american to try to define what is un-american.it's actually kinda fascist.
....?
much more reasoned than the first letter.
you too?
why dont we have two parties?
or three for that matter?
are you so elite that you had to poo-poo the story just because you noticed it was dated?
woot, you surf the net more than the rest of us. 
why don't you cease to be? just stop existing, altogether. that would be perfect.
 show me a house with an american flag hanging out in the front and i'll show you a fucking moron busting the neighborhood's property value. (i betcha they're the same group that has a moronic license plate on their lame ass car) sons of bitches! 
no, maryfroob is maryfroob's problem. he hates himself.
near as i can tell, only simple minds could believe ron's words listed here as war on religion.
what, are they not supported in the new database?
why don't you mention something about my daughter to me in person and we'll place bets on whether or not you'll be dead before you hit the ground.
... or let someone else execute it.


it's a unix joke btw
cute, and you are his new solicitor?! what a cute couple - xoxoxoxoxox


&gt;to be clear: i believe that ron paul's chances of winning the presidency are no greater than my own, which is to say zero. when he ran as the libertarian party candidate for president in 1988, he drew fewer than a half-million votes. in last week's wall street journal-nbc news poll of republican primary voters--which is a scientific poll with a four percentage point margin for error--paul drew two percent.

just to be clear.... is cnbc a media outlet or casino?   what does chance have to do with reporting the candidate?   

his math is totally wrong too.   it is as if media has no influence on the outcome.

he has no data to back up his assertion that even if they had covered him, there would be no difference.

when he run as independent, media didn't cover him, and now they don't cover him, so the outcome is consistent.  if media doesn't cover you, then you have very little chance.  


  i think you meant [reductio ad hitlerum](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reductio_ad_hitlerum).

godwin's law does not pre-suppose an argument to be wrong if it mentions hitler/nazi's, only that eventually any discussion will mention them.  
it is sadly obvious at this point that most  democrats are on the same page as the republicans. this clearly demonstrates that they are working for the same bosses. unfortunately, those bosses aren't the american people, but foreign interests interested only in america's resources. it is painfully obvious that kucinich is the only candidate who would end this take-over. any other democrat would go against the people's will by pardoning any guilty parties, just as they have in the past. obama, clinton and the rest don't want to bust cheney/bush, inc. because they plan on using the same abusive powers as they now do.
yea, but it's wishful thinking unfortunately.
we don't have one of those either.
my head or his head? i was pissed about the downvote.
ok, going back to the gold standard has nothing to do with ron paul's investment in gold several years ago. that's like saying, "hey in this small italian town at a certain time of year you'll get tomatoes thrown right at your face if you walk outside. still think going outside is ok?"
err, so "both" of the two people who drafted the declaration and the constitution were replete with references to god?

idiot. 
  you're commenting on an entirely different article than the one which this comment is attached to!
&gt; yes, it sounds like you're the kind of person who sticks firmly to your core set of principles, except when you don't.

that's an irritating statement. it's this mindset that has caused politics to become so polarized - radical adherence to one political extreme is considered an asset.

opposing net neutrality just because it is a federal regulation is a knee-jerk reaction. net neutrality is not something that would rise naturally out of the free market unless corporations - the very same who stand to profit from the lack of net neutrality - were to take a moral stand. and come on. seriously.
if i don't see a screen shot that shows this text on her website, i fail to see how there's proof that this was ever up there... although i hope it was.
yours.
 &gt;cancel the 2008 elections? what a ridiculous claim.

the laws are in place and they've been setting up infrastructure that would support the laws for years. what makes it a ridiculous claim?
 
war powers is unconstitutional because it gives too much power to president.  the man who introduced it (and later voted against it), tom eagleton, agreed.   nixon, on the other hand, thought it was unconstitutional because it restricts the president.  
so what?  i get pretty pissed off at the anti-xmas crowd, and i'm a rabid "fuck baby jesus" atheist.  for a libertarian voter, ron paul is still the best candidate.

why don't we support kucinich?  are you insane?  the war isn't the only issue.  abortion certainly isn't.  gay marriage by fuck isn't.  and if religion was, we wouldn't be able to vote for *any* of the candidates, because (afaik) none has come out as an atheist.

ron paul's record has convinced me he holds the constitution dearer than his religious beliefs, and that means a lot to me.

my cousin's wife's brother's drinking buddy once saw a sasquatch. although it was dark and he was pretty drunk, so it might have just been uncle ned. but he swears it was definitely a big ape, and as everyone knows, the plural of anecdote is data. believe it, man.
hmm, the hyperbole continues. having recently visited monticello, (jefferson's digs), a few tidbits are still in memory banks which may be interesting to share for those fanboys wishing to compare their idol with jefferson. 

1. jefferson kept slaves and, rather infamously, had children by at least one of them.

2. jefferson was a staunch believer in the separation of church and state. (ron paul, as we know wants those lines blurred and has written that the church supercedes the state.)

3. jefferson co-founded the democratic-republican party which would later become the modern democratic party.

4. jefferson was amazingly well read, and was a reknowned horticulturist, statesman, architect, archaeologist, paleontologist, author, inventor and founder of the university of virginia. (ron paul is what? a goldbug?)

5. jefferson once wrote that he hoped *monied corporations would be crushed* as he felt they threatened gov't. (he usually sided with subsistence farmers.) (wonder how rp would think about crushing corporations?)


fight! fight! fight! fight!
poelmanc is right!  truman tried to use this commander-in-chief argument and was slapped down by justice jackson. 

the only exception to congressional authorization would be in a true emergency. the president wouldn't wait for authorization, but would act (unconstitutionally) without authorization.
 this is a test.  the general trend of ron paul submissions is that they make it to the front page.  i thought if i came up with a snappy enough headline i would at least entice people to click the link.

what is likely going to happen is that this will get precisely two down votes (as just about everything i post to reddit does) and die without much fan fare.

if this has enraged any ron paul supporters, i'm quite sorry.  i assure you that i have nothing against the man or his politics.  i, in fact, don't know anything about the man other than he may at some point have read the constitution of the united states of america.

happy redditing!

**edit**: at the time i am entering this comment this page had fallen to rank 46 in the "new" list.  45 and 47 were also ron paul stories.   
sadly, a cowardly internet fight seems to be all this troll is looking for. anonymity isn't synonymous w/ bravery.
you are a scared little piece of shit. hide behind your keyboard.
silence would have been gold.
note: "*references* to god" (emphasis added)

paul interprets all of the references to natural law as references to god (as many do).  i think they are wrong when doing so, but that is what he is referring to.
i'm curious - why did folks downmod my comment above?  a response would be helpful.

[edit: ah, i see now; the ron paul bots have started downmodding all of my comments and submissions.  nice.] 
he references all the email he got from ron paul supporters and then goes on to admit that he re-thought it out and decided it was wrong to take down the poll.  i think it's good to see someone admit that they were wrong.
because obviously you dont vote for people you've never heard of.

national polls only proport to measure peoples opinions at that time.
you make an interesting point.  you are probably correct that his radical legislative agenda wouldn't get far, but what about his supreme court appointments?
if we only had some kind of non-federal court system in this country....
ur mom is gold
he said the us should consider sending troops into pakistan!
education is gold.
most people who read about candidate policies seem to agree with his policies.  for the larger majority, who weigh more heavily the "from lookin' at 'um, i figure i'd like to have a beer with that guy" test, he is less suitable.
 &gt;near as i can tell, only simple minds could believe ron's words listed here as war on religion.

**that's what the title of the article is.** read the last sentence.

&gt;&gt;knowing this, the secularists wage an ongoing war against religion, chipping away bit by bit at our nation’s christian heritage. christmas itself may soon be a casualty of that war.

 
thanks.  i gave him a chance, although i suspected this would happen.  i only offer one chance, though.
what do your comments say about the kind of person you are?
"homeland" i think is an unfortunate term because that's what apartheid era politicians created to ship off non-whites to -- but this article doesn't even mention that. 
he made a few million w/ gold, and wants everyone use gold. now it makes sense why he tells people everyone should use gold. :/ hmm.
 they swear that they were only using it to investigate soldiers and other dod-related people, and not regular civilians.

if they have honest suspicions about *that many* soldiers, they have a **real** problem. 
but not state court, which is where he contends the issue should be decided.
this bill is backed by libertarian ideology in that it really is a state's rights bill and there is nothing inherently wrong with returning rights to the states. what the bill is trying to convey is a message that majority rules and while minorities can complain, they might not get their way. however, this is the nature of democracy and as such is acceptable from a pro-democracy standpoint.
hint.

its the big picture at the top.
i like ron paul, but this kind of craziness does scare me about him.
i wish ron paul and his supporters well, but the market doesn't think he'll win there.  intrade doesn't even have an item for ron paul winning nh.  (he's tossed in with a whole bunch of other candidates.)

so, if you think it's likely, you can make a boatload of money here, risking very little.
paul for president people are like that little kid slowly falling behind as he runs after the school bus he'll never catch.  and then they get pissy when you point out the obvious impossibility of him winning anything.

he won't win and he's fucking his rep. gig at the same time.  he was more useful in congress under the radar.
don't try to argue logistics of political success with a paul supporter on reddit because they'll down mod you for pointing out the obvious fact that there is no way in hell he will ever be president.
and if that offends a christian majority in that town? [what if a certain religion says that even looking at a separate statue is a sin, or even go as far to kill over it?](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=leviticus%2024:16&amp;version=9;)


also, quit making up holidays. [vesak works fine.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vesak)
what a snarky smug rat-bastard response.  harwood is essentially saying that the cnbc poll was not a scientific poll and as such is open to manipulation by a motivated minority, i.e. "we know you all cheated in the  online poll, but you're going to loose anyway, oh and by the way did i say that ron paul can't win, yeah just wanted to be sure i mentioned that."  
but *why* is it insane to support kucinich?  that's what i'm driving at.  for the record, i used to support him until i went to a few meetings of his campaign. his demeanor struck me as too flakey for the presidency, though i agreed with many of policy positions, and aspects of his vision for america.

in the same vein, i was attracted to a lot of ideas put forward by rp, but other of his ideas and statements are downright repellent.  i don't think it's at all obvious that he's the best candidate, given his positions on christian exceptionalism, extreme property libertarianism, weakness on civil rights and contempt for non-private solutions.  so if it's "insane" to support kucinich.  i'd say it's totally nuts to support paul.

(what makes me suspicious of some (not all) of the rp crowd here on reddit is the systematic disregard for positions which are inconvenient.  automatic downmodding of leader's statements which aren't for primetime, is one small example.)


so, by this token, i think we'd be better off with an obama (whose triangulation and can't we all get along vibe elicits disgust) or edwards (who's simpering makes us shake our collective head in woe).      
guys, i wish you well, but the proper way to read this headline is "sportsbook now pays out less on a ron paul win."  

since you can only buy, not sell, this isn't an accurate market.  for one, the worse they make his payout, the more coverage they get.

intrade is a much better market, since you can both buy and sell options.  if you really think that the odds of romney and paul are equal, you can do basic arbitrage and make a pile of money there.
so, they run out and clean your windshield?
it means that ron paul would need to move his investments into a blind-account if he gains significant traction.  otherwise he stands to personally gain financially from his policies.

i hope he believes that putting his funds into a blind account doesn't intrude on his freedom.
once again we see that ron paul, llewelyn rockwell, and other ultra-right wing republicans who dishonestly present themselves as libertarians are nothing more than a modern day states' rights movement.

such theocratically-inclined authoritarians are a danger to all of us, and are especially repugnant to those who love freedom. just compare ron with a *true* libertarian

*the founding fathers envisioned a robustly christian yet religiously tolerant america, with churches serving as vital institutions that would eclipse the state in importance.*

-- ron paul

*religious idealists say in a single breath: "god and the liberty of man," "god and the dignity, justice, equality, fraternity, prosperity of men" -- regardless of the fatal logic by virtue of which, if god exists, all these things are condemned to nonexistence. for if god is, he is necessarily the eternal, supreme, absolute master. and if such a master exists, man is a slave. now, if he is a slave, neither justice, nor equality, nor fraternity, nor prosperity are possible for him. in vain, flying in the face of good sense and all the teachings of history, do they represent their god as animated by the tenderest love of human liberty. a master, whoever he may be and however liberal he may desire to show himself, remains none the less always a master.*

-- mikhail bakunin, god and the state 

world of difference there.
 modded up because, honestly, i agree with him. he's the only fucker with the balls to speak his mind on abortion, religion, and the war. at least i know what i'm getting with ron paul. i can live with my kids having prayer time in schools. what i can't live with is my kids having to go off and die in the same god damned war i fought 25+ years earlier. there is definitely hope for america with this guy. he reminds me of gandalf from lotr, but instead of magic he has the constitution.

he's also not a pussy like every democratic candidate. (with the exceptions of gravel and kucinich. i likes them fuckers :) ) 
 you can believe anything: if you believe that monkeys will crawl out of your ass when paul is president, that's fine. 
the only people who'll have problems with a paul presidency are those intent on shoving monkeys up *other* people's asses. 


 
your shower was golden.
here we have the ron paul movement sussed 15 years ahead of time:

"at times of general malaise and social breakdown, it is not uncommon for millenarian movements to arise to replace lost hopes by idle dreams: dreams of a savior who will lead us from bondage, or of the return of the great ships with their bounty, as in the cargo cults of south sea islanders. some may yearn for a lost golden age, or succumb to the blandishments of the new messiahs who come to the fore at such moments. those more cognizant of the institutional causes of discontent may be attracted to an image of hope destroyed by dark and powerful forces that stole from us the leader who sought a better future. the temptation to seek solace, or salvation, is particularly strong when the means to become engaged in a constructive way in determining one's fate have largely dissolved and disappeared."

-- noam chomsky, z magazine, september 1992
right, but as others have pointed out here, state courts and governments are no strangers to bigotry.  

this idea is a consistent and principled part of ron paul's political philosophy: that [controversial ideas require local solutions](http://politics.reddit.com/info/2ztkr/comments/c2zuiy ).  however, this kind of reasoning would have condemned african americans in southern states to slavery.  

it's also wrong when it comes to religion.  the reason i've highlighted this is that it shows that ron paul is not in fact a strict constitutionalist.  his is an idiosyncratic interpretation, and a sometimes disturbing one, imo. 
i don't think laura bush is running; is she?
is the mainstream media unaware or just unwilling to report about it?
nope, sorry, has to pass the laugh test. 
&gt; whats up with the [politics] tags?

it was submitted to politics.reddit. on the main reddit, or on my.reddit, it shows up with a [politics] prefix.
avid internet users tend to be more intelligent than the average population.

ron paul appeals to intelligent people.

any questions?
frontline is propaganda half truth and half shades of truth and half lies.
education is gold.
http://www.fff.org/comment/com0311c.asp

maybe they shot at the planes because we caused a half million kids to die in iraq in the 90s.

and anyway - how could he shoot at our planes in the 90s? why were our planes in iraq? because we were bombing them all through the 90s!
&gt;the only people who'll have problems with a paul presidency are those intent on shoving monkeys up the asses of others.

*this is my point.* by just putting out religious things on public property you *will* offend somebody. which is, in your eloquent wording, "shoving monkeys up the asses of others". this is what paul means by:

&gt;knowing this, the secularists wage an ongoing war against religion, chipping away bit by bit at our nation’s christian heritage.

i'm one of those secularists, except i'm not waging a war, i just don't want to see the ghost baby jesus© surrounded by sheep and camel. nor do i want my future children to see it or forced to have a certain prayer in school.

if it's your own property, fine, i'm cool with that. *but not on public property*, which is what is meant by "war on religion/christmas".

you "libertarians" have it wrong with paul, because he is not a libertarian himself. he may be close to one but he is not one.
i meant that it would be "insane" for a *libertarian* to support kucinich, and that ron paul is the best candidate for a *libertarian*.

*maybe* there are some really stupid socialists out there who slavishly support ron paul and would be shocked by your submitted "revelations", but i'm guessing the majority of us know full well what he believes and what he's said in the past, and we still think he's the best candidate.

the fcc is bs anyway - its just there to shut specific people up.

take the case of howard stern. a few years ago oprah did a segment in which "tossing the salad" was mentioned (i'm serious). 

no fine for her.

however a the next day howard stern played a clip of oprah saying "tossing the salad" and he was fined for airing it.
i don't why this is in 'politics'...maybe my 'submit' came after looking at a politics story.  anyway, it's not politics.
i think asking for two is fitting, considering the similarity of the messages put out by the parties that exist right now.
i've upmodded you for the find, but i don't buy it. the article quotes an email, but then says there's "some" truth to it. it doesn't mention if the natural gas information is accurate. all it mentions about gore's house is the overall energy consumption.

the article linked in that article states:
&gt;the tennessean also noted that the gores had been paying a $432 per month premium on their monthly electricity bills in order to obtain some of their electricity from "green" sources (i.e., solar or other renewable energy sources).

and:
&gt;"in addition, they are in the midst of installing solar panels on their home, which will enable them to use less power," kreider added. "they also use compact fluorescent bulbs and other energy efficiency measures and then they purchase offsets for their carbon emissions to bring their carbon footprint down to zero."

there's more in there.   
he should have told romney to read the back of his hand as it was bitch slapping him.
 even though he leans libertarian, he's still a republican, so i dont understand why people would be surprised by some his right wing positions. if he's labeled crazy for some of his religious convictions, then where does that put candidates like romney? huckabee? (and remember, attacking paul only helps those guys!)
i'm not reading the article because it's too long, but i don't think you quite understand how they would crash the dollar. because they have such high reserves, if they decided to sell them all, the increase supply in usd would cause it to devalue severely, hence the crash. so the fact the currency would decline isn't really an issue to them since their selling of it would cause the decline.

a reason for china to do this would be to undermine the us economy and their super-power status, effectively making china the number 1 global power.
"in the year of our lord"

http://candst.tripod.com/tnppage/arg10c.htm
if i were helping her campaign, i'd go buy her some sexy clothes - and appeal to the men - and promise them they will get laid a lot more with a female president - or something
&gt; i meant that it would be "insane" for a libertarian to support kucinich

k.  gotcha.  

&gt; maybe there are some really stupid socialists out there who slavishly support ron paul ...

i frankly think that, on first glance, rp seems pretty appealing to lefties (who aren't stupid, but may be ignorant).  i've heard it from a few folks.  once they hear these other things, though, the mood changes.  so what i post may be neither revelations nor disturbing to committed right-wing libertarians, but to folks who haven't followed as closely, they will be.
   
to whit: http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yd30/comments/c029ebi
why not?  it's true.
you need to come up with a new line.
after 8 years of king george no one thinks about the whole *checks and balances* thing anymore... it's pretty sad.
here here!
i have no idea. i wrote a letter to my newspaper about it, and they didn't write any story. 

[heres an npr story](http://pnac.info/index.php/2003/pnac-on-nprs-fresh-air/)


yes, you caught him. the man is a criminal mastermind, able to perfect what numerous corporations with 500 times the manpower and budgets of hundreds of millions could not accomplish.

he's personally hacked into polls, bypassing the "one vote per ip" limiter, and must be extorting the gop leadership into continuing to let him in on televised debates!

oh, and you smoke crack.
the only 100% true thing to come from his mouth in years!

congrats al - maybe having that nobel thingy is having an effect on you already.
&gt; this bill is backed by libertarian ideology in that it really is a state's rights bill and there is nothing inherently wrong with returning rights to the states. what the bill is trying to convey is a message that majority rules and while minorities can complain, they might not get their way. however, this is the nature of democracy and as such is acceptable from a pro-democracy standpoint.

right, just like the original states rights issue: slavery.  too bad for minorities. 
tearing down is easy... really easy. ask bill clinton. building-up is hard... really hard.
more fodder for the debate pwning machine that is ron paul.
i lolled
 personal trainer - and she could always be sounded by hot women - wherever she goes
i wonder how i managed this.  thanks for pointing this out.  i blame lack of coffee.
and instead of every american 'healthcare' theme, she could make it her goal to help every guy find a girlfriend
you should ask yourself the same question, daddy.
what a ridiculous comparison. surely you can't mean this. ron paul wears his religion on his sleeve; jefferson was much more rational. and that's just the beginning of the enormous differences.

is this supposed to be metaphorical or something?
from tfa:

&gt; what are the reasons? the same reasons that drive news coverage of all kinds. some things are covered purely because they are novel and interesting. but most news coverage is driven by what editors consider most important. candidates who have a strong chance of becoming president are more important than those who don't.

in other words, ending the editors of cnbc do not deem ending the war important. so much for the "liberal media".

&gt; do our coverage decisions forestall the emergence of candidates who could otherwise draw enough backing to win a major party nomination or the presidency? perhaps a little. but i doubt very much.

bullshit.

&gt; plenty of candidates have overcome bad press or dismissive press, made their own breaks, and moved into full contention--think jimmy carter in 1976, gary hart in 1984, bill clinton in 1992, john mccain in 2000, john kerry in 2004.

there is only one thing worse than being talked about and that is not being talked about. -- oscar wilde.

when you're slandering or criticizing a candidate you're informing the public about him/her. what are you doing when you're intentionally ignoring him/her?
hence the addition of the 13th amendment.  the constitution should be updated, but deliberately and according to the outlined procedure.  temporary majorities "interpreting" what the text says is a flawed way to go about things.  just look at the bush administration.
i will - as soon as you start going to kindergarten.
i'll go to kindergarten when you go to pre-school.
that "report" makes an insanely big leap in logic. one user submitting most of the youtube videos does not have anything to do with how popular they become.
giuliani only married his second cousin, the closest in-bred you can get by law. somehow, he blends well with the rest of the gop.
beeyyaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
 it's scary that paul was upset with the scotus, and thus made a statement with this bill?  threats of juristiction stripping (which is constitutional btw) has long been used by congressmen when they disagree with the direction of the court.

i agree the bill is overbroad, but i understand paul's motivation.  see for yourself:

http://www.lewrockwell.com/paul/paul120.html

way to spell warrant, r-tard.
 it would be stupid because armenian opinion doesn't count for shit. 
yes, you're missing your constitutional right to freedom of worship, for one. 
i'm sure the would be a real mature debate loaded with wit and integrity. just like the kind you get between 12yr olds.
and the gore movie was funded and promoted by the pro-global warming lobby.

so what is your point?

freedom of religion is a right of the individual, not a privilege to be granted or withheld at the whim of the state.
ron paul is a nut job... and the people who keep trying to push him on everybody else are bigger nut jobs

get real...
often it's a response to people inferring *intent* from the bill that paul does not actually have.
"states rights" is not part of libertarian ideology.  rather, it's a (poor) descriptor of a constitutionalist position with respect to the 10th amendment.
"states' rights" has nothing, or shouldn't, to do with libertarianism. it doesn't matter *what level of government* has the authority; if a government can tell you what religion you're supposed to be, it's clearly not consistent with libertarian ideals.

&gt;as such is acceptable from a pro-democracy standpoint.

the protection of the rights of minorities is essential to the idea of a free democracy. 

the notion of democracy has evolved since the greeks. liberal democracies embrace constitutions, limits on government, and civil liberties.  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_democracy  

this bill is attempting to weaken the civil liberties of individuals to allow for state theocracies.


well, nice headline regardless. 
it's "your". and "your type" will be sitting on the sidelines like the bitches you are when the shit hits the fan and we finally stand up to the real tyrants. keep smoking your cigarettes and telling everyone what a hardass global warming opponent you are.
agreed.
this is how congress works. lobbyists and advocacy groups send them position papers, then our representatives dutifully follow them to the letter without questioning their veracity.
 you think there could be a paul vs clinton ticket?  with all this whiplash against the gop, they expect a landslide for the opposition, regarding on their ignorance.  but then again it would be female vs male... 

and if there is no paper trail or record of votes, i'd suggest those people would stand up and see what the fuck is going on!
here in israel, we do not have pre-school. please advice.
you infer malicious intent where there is none, just as some incorrectly infer paul supports drug use simply because he opposes federal drug prohibition.

i'm sure it gives you a warm-fuzzy to paint anyone with a (r) after his name as some evil bastard, but you might want to understand a person's reasoning before you start hurling epithets.
shit...
you think hillary is not part of the imperial cabal?
did ron paul buy reddit?
&gt;this bill would prevent someone filing a claim in federal court if, for instance, a state required contractors to follow the christian faith.

false.  learn about how [jurisdiction stripping](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jurisdiction_stripping) works, before you start rendering legal opinions.
it won't work unless the u.s. takes a completely "positive" approach to the middle east. does anyone really believe this will work while we are still in iraq, saudi arabia, etc.? you can already see it in that iran encourages others to not attend the discussions.
uh, what exactly is the point you've been arguing here? i thought you thought none of this even happened. so why do you care if the people who you think didn't do the things you don't think happened don't face repercussions? 

 well the 14th carries the "free exercise" bit of the 1st amendment to the states.  the issue paul was trying to address was the general trend of scotus to read the 1st as a blanket prohibition of all "church and state" interaction.  

see:

http://www.lewrockwell.com/paul/paul120.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incorporation_(bill_of_rights)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jurisdiction_stripping
&gt;it's a unix joke btw

and it was funny until you explained it.
thank you.  i like to think of it as [*onionesque*](http://theonion.com)
furthermore, nader is saying that the democrats may just be paranoid. 

i would add that it's also possible that olver was making excuses by appealing to paranoia. 

is this *really* mainstream thinking in washington nowadays? i want to hear someone else say that people are really worried about martial law.
internet communities are very prone to ideas striking and spreading like wildfire. one might as well ask why cnbc didn't cover the "dramatic  chipmunk". the internet, and those who practically *reside* in it, is a culture in and of itself.
jon stewart wasn't ever funny. :|

when he took over for craig kilborn, that was a sure sign of the coming of the anitchrist.
paul vs. obama, save this fucking planet
because it would be the same charade that goes on in washington every day.
yeah, let's bring back firing squads for yellow bellied bloggers who want to waste our nations substance on useless foreign wars...

lily livered pukes wrapping themselves in the blood of warriors who are ten times the man they could be disgust me.

this blogger doesn't even know what it means to be an american, much less an american man.




our proud american soldiers betrayed by the gang of perverts led by dick cheney and his sodomite yale puke.


die mother fucker!
though it should be noted the consitution only enumerates:

* specific federal powers
* specific federal prohibitions
* specific state prohibitions
* specific universal (via the 14th) individual rights

leaving all else to the states and the people, respectively (see 10th amendment).

it feels good to allow over-reading of the constitution to our noble ends, but setting that precedent leads to many problems, not the least of which is embodied by the bush administration.

that's right, gore didn't lose: bush was installed through a bloodless, judicial coup d'etat.
no, his nazis just stole it.
they aren't ready yet. wait about 5 more years.
 you're totally missing nader's point. 

he's saying that if this reflects current opinion in washington, then the democrats are either crazy paranoid, or the bush administration have made some secret threats that have frightened dems into silence. either way, they aren't a good opposition party.

nader is arguing that bush richly deserves impeachment and that the dems are obstructing.  
is it possible, perhaps that ron paul makes it to the front page because there are many here who find interesting articles about the phenomenon interesting, rather than just a large mass of bots up-voting everything with the word paul after the word ron?
gay old pedophiles
important indeed.  saw it a while back, and there are definitely some good points made.  the parallels between religion and the zodiac are what i found the most intriguing.
its not that the ship is sinking, its just that the democrats are doing such a good job steering it...the republicans aren't needed as bad anymore...
wow he's religious? and that's supposed to bother me for some reason?

so are all the ron paul bashers around here in the pro-giulani crowd or what? 
the chinese are still communist. just because they have been using the dollar lately as a means to create a manufacturing base doesn't mean they have gone capitalist. i see a lot of comments regarding how china would be crazy to kill their cash cow. this is a very american way of seeing the issue. could china take the hit if it used the "nuclear option"? this article clearly shows that it could. would the neuveau riche in hong kong be able to do anything about it? no. they will be rounded up for re-education in the "new china', a china not as wealthy, but in control of the planet's resources. in other words, the very model of a "worker's paradise". i believe it was marx who said, "capitalism will eat itself." the chinese have followed this dictum well. china's investment in the blackstone group is seen as the country's way of saying they can't get along without us. nonsense. a "five year plan" appears to be under way here, with the blackstone deal merely another "nuke" planted in a key market. when it happens, i expect those same capitalists who sold the country off to howl the loudest.
please vote up so people can watch and make up their own mind.  watch
yeah lets just let the people in the populated areas of the country decide who's going to be president. they know what's best for everyone else.
no, i just hate linkbait.  of course, who cares if a title is misleading as long as it's sensational!  i'm sorry.  i hope i'm not interrupting your dateline.
i'm not listening.

i'm not listening.

i'm not listening.
i knew plenty of intelligent people who said that. bush ran as a very moderate republican and gore as a very conservative democrat. go back to their 2000 platforms and see if you can pick out any significant distinction.
   were that truly the case, then the bill should disallow the supreme court from hearing *any* bill of rights issues; including those relating to the 2nd amendment, free speech, 4th amendment (miranda), etc.

however, paul is only and exclusively going after those pesky gays, feminists, and non-christians in his attack on rights.

fortunately, that 14th amendment is held to apply all bill of rights protections binding on the states:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incorporation_%28bill_of_rights%29

paul supporters can't have it both ways. either gun rights and free speech aren't protected by the constitution from state governments, or atheists and gays **are**.

   
we believe the bush gang must be impeached, and we understand that getting rid of the bad guys won't mean a thing when they control the voting process and continue to steal elections. we must have a voters' bill of rights to reclaim democracy from the thieves who stole democracy from us, and we must protect democracy now and forever.  please join this campaign to restore justice and reclaim democracy in our united states.
i don't care if he's a r or a d or an i, i dislike politicians in general because they don't care how their policies affect people in the real world.. i don't agree with his position, or his beliefs. malicious or not, ron paul's intent is for the federal government to abandon almost every power it currently uses to govern, whether good or bad. he is for states rights. i have news for him.. .states rights sputtered it's last gasp at appomattox courthouse. it's gone forever and nothing short of violent insurrection will restore it. having seen the results of reactionary and incompetent state legislatures firsthand, i can say for all of it's problems i can say that the feds should excercise a lot more power in some areas. 
correct the headline and resubmit.

*hillary to pretend troop withdrawal, while keeping the majority there for a all 8 years.*
i remember when the league of women voters use to run the debates. those were the good old days.
given that he make claims on original *intent* and the founders, his ignorance and/or ignoring of their views is troubling. he also talks about having their foreign policy and ignores that they fought wars of aggression.


wait, i thought she's supposed to be helping them, not the other way around.
truly the stuff of nightmares- isn't most of the political stuff these days?
true, but gore was the one who made it *close* when everyone knew gw was a jackass. if he hadn't been so spineless and middle-of-the-road he might've won clean and easy.
i got this far:
"certainly the drafters of the declaration of independence and the constitution, both replete with references to god, would be aghast at the federal government’s hostility to religion." i refuse to read any more from this fool. ron paul is just another ignorant "why aren't things like they were when i was a kid" brand of american. might as well elect wilford brimley, for crying out loud! 
on current front page:
&gt; huckabee teamed up with that guy [clinton] to talk to children about healthy eating habits. ironically, the obesity campaign kicked off almost exactly nine years from the very palm sunday on which president clinton used a cigar as a sexual aid on monica lewinsky in the oval office. 

ann coulter is a complete moron. coincidence is not irony, stupid cunt.
seriously, i want to punch that hack from the washington times in the face and ask him what he thinks about the country now. 

oh wait, he's dead. the country is better for it.
ron paul has all these people! all these supporters! they throw the polls and make the most popular candidates lose!
if hillary really wanted to begin a withdraw, she would begin it in the senate right now before becoming president.  she has the power to bring bring the resolution to the forefront of the debates, yet she chooses not to.  

if she doesn't care about it now, why would her opinion change when she became the president?
http://64.233.167.104/search?q=cache:ny_hd_eiknuj:www.anncoulter.com/+ann+coulter&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;cd=1&amp;gl=us&amp;client=opera
i heard that faggot jesus wrote it in the fucking bible
as i recall, post 9/11 the us were going to nuke afghanistan and half of the middle east into a nice glassy surface. please remind everybody how that's going for you.
i think while paul ideally would like to go  back to a proper gold standard, his offered solution is to provide an alternate legal tender currency based on gold, or something like government gold bonds that people could invest their savings in. 
the state courts do not have to be bound by the 1st amendment to the constitution. that is the whole point here.


what has paul done, what is his record, that you like? he has not tried to stop the war, he has not tried to stop the war on drugs, but he has tried to let states impose religion on people. that last thing is the primary bill he has pushed.

big freaking deal, guys.

&gt; the establishment clause of the first amendment was simply intended to forbid the creation of an official state church like the church of england, not to drive religion out of public life.

clearly he's not for endorsing christianity above other religions. he's just saying that religion (in this case, christianity, but not in an exclusive sense) shouldn't be regulated.
how about vote down?

this is suppossed to be a news feed, not a spewing platform for political candidates. 

zappa was, to borrow a phrase from hunter s. thompson, one of god's prototypes. politically prescient, musically inspired, all without the aid of drugs, if stories are to be believed.

plus, he's the only man i know of who could wear a soul patch without looking dumb.
blackwater's erik prince is making the rounds of msm talk and interview shows to burnish blackwater usa's image even as more negative evidence emerges about the shooting of iraqi civilians by the company's security guards.
 what's with these [lame story tags] on the main reddit. cut it out 
&gt; i just don't want to see the ghost baby jesus© surrounded by sheep and camel. nor do i want my future children to see it

the right to free speech might be enough reason for you to get out of the country then. go somewhere that censors everybody. that'll be so much better.

&gt; or forced to have a certain prayer in school

that's different, and is exactly the kind of thing ron paul is saying we *shouldn't* do.

&gt; if it's your own property, fine, i'm cool with that. but not on public property, which is what is meant by "war on religion/christmas".

then, by simple extrapolation, i should be arrested or fined for exercising my right to free speech in a public place? what if i started getting all evangelical on you right here on the internet (i'm not the type, but still)? should that be a *crime*?
that is not correct. the 14th prevents them from interfering with a us citizen's civil rights. if congress can't legally do it the states can't legally do it. that's the equal protection clause in a nutshell. 

the problem is ron paul wants to toss all our rights back to the states which, as i have already pointed out, is a big no. i don't care if he thinks controversial issues are best handled locally. when it comes to my rights i don't and the constitution just happens to agree with me.
in 1931 einstein said this: "i am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. i am willing to fight for peace. nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war."  (somewhat ironic)

within a decade he signed the letter written by szilard that led to the manhattan project because einstein and other jews knew well that hitler had to be stopped.



you nailed it on the head much better than i could, thank you. :)
no, it's cool, the internet is not a realtime medium so i can watch dateline and still respond to your witty comments. thanks for caring, though!
if they were intent on avoiding the connotations attached to the term 'homeland' they could have named it the "department of national security", which although less colorful would be less ominous.

as it is someone decided that we needed an _abteilung der heimatsicherheit_ witb all the _blut und bloden_ poetry associated with it.

why did they pick a name that, although it sounds macho and tough conjures up associations with both a notorious genocide, and the closing and debasement of an entire people at the hands of a tyrant?
gravel.
 the senate confirmed sam alito.  he's radical.
&gt;what i mean is that there's nobody with a chance of winning who will stand up for what is right for this country.

self fulfilling prophecy.
only the right-wing propagandists claim hillary is a "liberal".
they support arresting and disappearing anybody who does not agree with them.

sound familiar?

&gt; and if people "object to funding something", can people object to funding the military, or governments that perform capital punishment?

my personal answer is 'yes'.  even if i support a war, capital punishment, how can i ethically choose to force my neighbor (at gunpoint) to fund those activities if they believe it to be wrong?
im glad you can make shit up to feel better about your own countries involvement in afghanistan and iraq.
yup, they should be completely open, and only private citizens should be allowed to keep secrets.

they should be working for the public good.  but it is now clear that they certainly aren't.

(just a thought - if we want to keep military secrets and so on, then each skill area should be researched and kept in private groups, so that there is always a balance between each group and the government or any other group may not be able to take ultimate power to suppress humanity or create a tyranny like what bush is creating now)

then the only thing to get under control, is the freedom of speech and the press, and the issuing of new money to maintain a distributed stable system instead of a terrible centralization:

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6076118677860424204 

while posting this post you realised your mother was a lesbian? 
&gt;the right to free speech might be enough reason for you to get out of the country then. go somewhere that censors everybody. that'll be so much better.

ok, if you were ever in the military then you'd know with the government, it's all or nothing. for example one could only wear a religious necklace (small one, under the undershirt) if everybody else could wear whatever they wanted, however, size requirements applied still. on the other hand, if one person spoke up about being offended then nobody could have any necklace.

these were my drill instructor's rules. the normal rules are all or nothing, depending on how the person-in-charge felt about it.

**that** is what i want. i live in austin where there actually *is* the ten commandments on the lawn of the capitol building. what do think would happen to me if i asked for the same thing for the [the eleven satanic rules of the earth?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_church_of_satan#the_main_texts_of_satanism)

that is not fair, nor is it a separation of church and state. if you want to get technical about the church/state thing then they would be [making] law respecting an establishment of religion, [and] prohibiting the free exercise thereof.

this is what atheists are most pissed about, i could care less what somebody does on their private property.

&gt;that's different, and is exactly the kind of thing ron paul is saying we shouldn't do.

h.r.4379 begs to differ.

&gt;then, by simple extrapolation, i should be arrested or fined for exercising my right to free speech in a public place?

as long as *anybody* can go and assemble there, awesome. i'll even make phone calls and sign petitions for you.

&gt;what if i started getting all evangelical on you right here on the internet (i'm not the type, but still)? should that be a crime?

erm, this is all private, it has nothing to do with public domain. now if you were on a .gov forum/site saying all kinds of shit about other religions, and i retort and *i* am only banned then i have a problem.




gj missing the point.

the only people that matter say it didnt happen and is not worth investigating.  

why do you believe one group over the other?
the point is he argues that paul has no chance of winning - yet out of the other side of his mouth he says that it wouldn't matter how much coverage paul got. this statement is highly debatable and it would appear that his own colleagues disagree since they felt compelled  to pull the poll so that all the poor misguided people wouldn't get confused and think paul actually had support out there. these old media elitists are a bunch of manipulative liars.  
that is exactly it!
all i got was a rock. 
since when is them being "on the run" mean anything?

supposedly they're fucking terrorists (and not non-alquaeda-affiliated insurgents attempting to liberate their occupied nation). they're always on the run. terrorists don't build bases that can be beseiged. they don't have capitols that can be invaded. they use **hit and run** tactics.

saying they're on the run is as good as saying you haven't done a damned thing.
maybe if he backed his warchest with gold...
and which part of the constitution says that discrimination charges must be held in a federal court?  and i remind you that if you can't find it there, the tenth amendment reserves that power to the states.
article 3 section 2. the bill of rights is part of the constitution.

next.
"pentagon used fbi to spy on americans at least ass times."

i'll never grow up.
&gt; if it's your own property, fine, i'm cool with that. but not on public property, which is what is meant by "war on religion/christmas".

you're painting with too broad a brush, i think. the key is no special privileges, and no tax dollars.

if a church wants to pay to put up a manger scene, fills out the proper paperwork, which a pagan or pastafarian could just as easily fill out, and the request isn't granted based on the content of the display - then there ought to be nothing wrong with that.

on the other hand, if the town uses public tax dollars to put up that same manger scene and no other display is allowed on that spot... then there's a problem.

it's a fine distinction, but one that's often missed on both sides. what's really meant by "the war on christmas" though is the loss of these special privileges that christians had previously enjoyed, in terms of government sanctioning, support, and endorsement. they don't want to compete on an equal playing field, within the boundaries of the same law as everyone else.
so you're in favor of going back to a gold standard?
so... that was really sort of depressing.
would paul and kucinich agree on anything besides ending the war?
and what part of the bill of rights says you can't discriminate in private hirings based on religion?
i think you need to read hr 300. one of it's stated purposes is to forbid the federal courts and the supreme court from hearing religious discrimination cases.

you may believe that hr 300 is unconstitutional and will be overturned, but that doesn't changewhat the bill calls for.
as is most of the media out there.  the press is supposed to be on our side!
the madison quote in no way undermines or contradicts paul's claim.  thomas jefferson actually had public religious services during his administration as an attempt towards unity.  we don't have an official religion in this country, no state church- unlike the church of england and the government there which still discriminates on the basis of religion.
does it matter whether his intent is malicious?

if he's going to try to invalidate the constitutional guarantee of freedom of worship, i don't care how good his "intentions" are. 
in fairness, "creator", though a word that lends itself to other interpretations, is also almost certainly a reference to god.
you "understand" why ron paul wants to destroy the constitutional guarantee of freedom of worship? and attempted to do it in three separate congresses?

how very broad-minded of you. me, i am not so willing to embrace efforts to take away my civil rights. 
&gt;what's really meant by "the war on christmas" though is the loss of these special privileges that christians had previously enjoyed, in terms of government sanctioning, support, and endorsement. they don't want to compete on an equal playing field, within the boundaries of the same law as everyone else.

thank you for explaining it better then i could.

this is one of my problems with ron paul, he still wants one religion to have preferential treatment.
   while i understand your point, you're making a common misconception about how money works.

money is a stock, and isn't fixed to something real, like gold (anymore).  to "cash out" someone, be they the government whose money you are holding or some other party, has to pay you for the money you are selling.

china "buys" dollars and "sells" dollars, as you do when you go to the store, even though it may not seem like you are.  if china came to the u.s. tomorrow, and said "here's your money back, we'd like some gold/silver/whatever" there's no way the u.s. could make that payment, it's just too big.  the failure to pay would destroy the us's credit rating, as people would assume that their dollars were worthless.  at this point, china hasn't sold their dollars (or was only able to sell a fraction of them before the economy crashed), and so the rest are worthless.  they have lost their investment.

this is why it is absolutely against china's interests to do this on a very basic level.  there are other reason's too (the ripple effect of a massive us crash would likely destroy other economies, even if they weren't holding dollars), but the fact that china *has* so many dollars means it would be suicide if they started selling them en masse.

if china thinks that the u.s. is a bad investment, they'll start holding something else, like the euro.  but even if they do make a transition, they'll be very very careful how they do it, as they'd still be in the hole if the dollar drops.   
no intent? he just "accidentally" introduced the bill three times?

do you really think he's too dumb to understand that section 7 would invalidate brown vs. the board of education?

not smart enough to know that section 3 would prevent americans from challenging religious discrimination in hiring by state governments?

he's just a big ole blunderer who does things with no idea what will result?

while i agree that there is some precedent for this with texas republicans, i don't believe he's that stupid. 
great post.
here is my letter to mr. harwood. i would suggest others let him know how they feel.

mr. harwood,
your insolence is outmatched only by your treachery.  ron paul's campaign is about more than an election. it is about a revolution - the freedom revolution. we will tear down your bulwark of old-media propaganda and manipulation. freemen will not tolerate to be told what to believe and what to think. whether ron paul wins this campaign or not we will continue to fight and resist the tyranny and corruption that has enthralled our once proud republic. we will fight against corrupt and petty 'yes men' such as yourself mr. harwood. the battle lines are being drawn.

-- 
  it does not take a majority to prevail... but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men.
-samuel adams
a lack of sentiment because of ignorance is equivalent to  no support.

would more people support paul if they knew about him? very possibly.

does that matter? no. the poll measures how they approve of the candidates.
but if you read the constitution, the terrorists win.
i can has the floor?
and i wonder how many millions he now has in a swiss bank account...
rtfc?
&gt;do you really want a country full of extremists to have a nuclear weapon?

we made it through reagan i am sure we will make it through bush.
sorry.  i don't understand your questions.  
congress has been using the commerce clause for that. argue with your congress critter on that one. and since those laws are passed by congress it comes under... article 3 section 2. 
&gt; maybe there are some really stupid socialists out there who slavishly support ron paul

given the number of times i've seen a paul/kucinich ticket suggested here, i'm not sure you're that far off the mark.
   i happen to *disagree* with ron paul on this, but i still strongly support him for president for two reasons:

1. he is able to distinguish between his personal beliefs and his duties as a leader under the constitution. note that his compassionate plea is not accompanied by a call to change the constitution to promote christianity in schools and courts, nor does it deviate from his stance on *any* social issues (abortion, gay rights, etc.). which, of course, is that the federal government should not be involved. it is an issue for the states: the more divisive the issue, the more local should be the solution.

2. religion is a national issue and should take a back seat to our responsibility in the global community. there are more important things at stake right now. our country kidnaps, holds people without trial and tortures. our president monitors phone calls and searches our property without warrants. we invade third world countries in the name of "freedom", and threaten others with nuclear weapons and mass bombing campaigns. our foreign policy has killed more than a million innocents since 9-11 and driven 4-5 million people from their homes.

it has to stop. ron paul is the only person who will stop it.
    
ah such a cute response, im pretty certain based on the majority of your responses that you barely existed to make it through clinton.
apparently he just does what everyone else does and only uses the parts that work to his benefit.
 lolitics:

&gt; is our children learning? 
probably because he is an elitist snob, and his followers are a cult.  
talk is cheap.
i knew she was acting, i've always known she was a man. her name should be man coulter.
that article is ridiculous and riddled with errors. they should have asked an it expert and not a "political scientist" from australia!
makes sense... there is hope that rp could actually win the election, or at least stir things up like never before.
you know, it's possible to be wrong without being a nut.
yes, the childrens do learn.
   the 'constitution for the united states' itself is pretty readable.  i think certainly a 12 year old can comprehend it if they read through it.  and certainly a clever 10 year old.

timeline of the us and its two constitutions:

1776 - 'declaration of independence'.

1777 - 'articles of confederation'.

1787 - 'the constitution for the united states of america'. - not "of" the united states.

1871 - 'district of columbia organic act' established the united states corporation acting in washington dc, u.s., for which is written and codified 'the constitution of the united states of america' for all trustees of the corporation.  all trustees of the corporation have a social security member number of the corporation.

( u.s. code collection - title 28 &gt; part vi &gt; chapter 176 &gt; subchapter a &gt; § 3002 &gt; (15) “united states” means - (a) a federal corporation. )
 
there are very tiny but significant differences between the organic constitution for the united states (1787) and the corporation's constitution which is taught in the corporation's schools and as the corporation president says, is just "a goddamned piece of paper".


when i was a child the the priest didn't give me attention like the other boys. i was rejected and that hurts more i think.
mostly agreeable.

the only point i might disagree is over the controversial h.r. 4379, but i have made most of my points about it to others before and don't really feel like restating them anymore. i'm getting tired of it. i'll just drop it.
ah touche. i commend you on your knowledge sir.
i was referring to more popular figures than you and i -- the public debate that we all watch on tv :)
few? perhaps you want to cite sources?
man, i agree with everything.  i love ron paul.

ron paul revolution!
  another theory is that the term comes from  early prize-fighting where two lines were drawn in the dirt and each combatant was expected to to step up to his respective mark, to "toe the line."  my personal favorite is that the term comes from the royal navy during the era of large wooden sailing vessels.  at that time when the crew of a man-of-war reported for inspection or muster, crew-members were expected to line up along a seam in the ship's deck.  thus, to "toe-the-line" means to stand up and be counted.     
of course it is.  but it's so boring to say "i don't support/like ron paul" when "i'm not a ron paul nut" sounds better, is shorter and gets the message across right away.
the "debate" over hr 300 drives me crazy. ron paul is simply trying to remove the ability of the federal government to overrule the state courts in local social issues (religion, gay marriage, abortion, etc.). he is not not trying to circumvent our constitutional rights. it would not remove their ability to hear cases on religion or other first ammendment issues.

the bill clearly states this:

&gt; the supreme court of the united states and all other federal courts--

&gt; (1) are not prevented from determining the constitutionality of any federal statute or administrative rule or procedure in considering any case arising under the constitution of the united states; 
&gt;i'm getting tired of it. 

lol.... me too, but just from the opposite side of the argument.
it's a short bit from the full piece. you have to click the read link to go to the full article.
"through perverse court decisions and years of cultural indoctrination, the elitist, secular left has managed to convince many in our nation that religion must be driven from public view. the justification is always that someone, somewhere, might possibly be offended or feel uncomfortable living in the midst of a largely christian society, so all must yield to the fragile sensibilities of the few."

he is wrong there.  we shouldn't model ourselves after england where they openly pander to everywhich religion, hoping to avoid offending anyone.  separation of church and state was meant to be so much more. it was meant to work in conjunction with freedom of speech to allow freedom from religion and the right to say what you want without fear of being locked up for unknowingly being an affront to someone's sensibilities.

a truly secular country (what the usa was supposed to be originally) wouldn't offer concessions to any specific religion; not in government, not in the marketplace.  religion is a social issue and shouldn't be regulated.  if your contract as an employee requires you to serve alcohol or birth control but you refuse because of your beliefs then, sorry, "you're fired," as trump would say. it isn't the governments job to interfere here in the marketplace either.
that's section 4 you're quoting. still allows the scotus to rule on federal laws. big whoop.

section 3 forbids the federal courts to rule on state laws about religion. 

section 7 invalidates all federal precedents on state laws about religion. every law the feds threw out as unconstitutional, but didn't get repealed by the state, is back on the books and enforceable.

don't believe me? write the ron paul campaign and ask them if after this passes, you'll still be able to sue your school board in federal court if they force your child to say sectarian prayers.

the answer is no. the whole point to proposing the legislation was to forbid citizens relief in federal court. 
why don't we have multi-party debates?

or is this country a two-party dictatorship?
so you're basing your entire argument off of the loosest possible interpretation of one phrase in the constitution.  paul (and i, and others) simply argue that the interstate commerce clause only applies interstate commerce.  you know, like it says.  suddenly your statement "the constitution just happens to agree with me" seems a whole lot shakier.
i suggest pink as the republican color from now on. (give red back to the commies.)
it must be very well researched, indeed. they even found out ron paul is a senator - he was hiding it from us all those years...
&gt;does you have $5+ million dollars in the bank to run your campaign? and growing? does you have unprecedented grassroots support coming out of the wood work?

well, *does you?*
"throughout our nation’s history, churches have done what no government can ever do, namely teach morality and civility."

it seems to me that they are much more similar than he thinks... break god's laws and go to hell, break the government's laws and go to jail.

see the underlying theme?
he must also be very unpatriotic - he voted against patriot act after all...
&gt; who intelligent enough to type

unlike submitted...
please clarify by providing a link. 
as an athiest and ron paul supporter, it saddens me to think that in this country, something like this may be the only way he has a chance. merry christmas.
eventually he will have to distance himself from them, but i don't see this being a real problem for him in the long run.  all you have to do is say i don't support or condone blah, blah, blah, and they'll probably still vote for him if it came down to him and a candidate that does not match up with some of their goals.
* i am able to add myself to my friends.

* i am able to send a message to myself.

* when i edit a comment, an extra space is inserted into the beginning of my message.

* trying to edit my comment in ff2 i get an error in reddit.js on line 620:

&gt; malformed uri sequence function helpon(link,what,newlabel){var id=_id(link);show(what+id);var oldlabel=...   

* [login information isn't saved.](http://reddit.com/info/5yc7k/comments/)   
uhh... 2/11 is around 18.2%. and 9/11 is around 81.8%. the article says 22% like him, which would mean 78% don't. so not quite 9/11 :-)
&gt;really. i thought fascism was an authoritarian political ideology (generally tied to a mass movement) that considers individual and other societal interests subordinate to the interests of the state.

&gt;fascists seek to forge a type of national unity, usually based on (but not limited to) ethnic, cultural, or racial attributes.


boiling it down

- authoritarian political ideology
- tied to a mass movement
- individual and other societal interests subordinate to the interests of the state.
- forge a type of national unity
- based on (but not limited to) ethnic, cultural, or racial attributes.

&gt; uneducated trailer trash

projecting again, danny boy?
what's next? a resolution labeling the goths massacre of romans genocide?

dang people, this happenned over a hundred years ago, find something a little more useful to expend your energy on
how, when there are so few?
here are a few investigations:
http://www.wmconnolley.org.uk/sci/iceage/
http://www.realclimate.org/index.php?p=94


&gt; this kind of reasoning would have condemned african americans in southern states to slavery.

not true--the exact opposite, in fact. strong state rights are what allowed the abolitionist movement to gradually legalize slavery in the north, one state at a time. if they had our current top-heavy federal government supported by, say, a strong pro-slavery lobbyist consortium, that may not have happened. not to mention, the whole thing eventually ended in a constitutional amendment once it was no longer controversial.

i think gay marriage is a close parallel to the gradual legalization of african american rights. if ron paul is successful in pushing the gay rights issue down to the states where it belongs, then you'll see it slowly legalized on a state-by-state basis. once it gets to the point where most states support it, it will undoubtedly end with a constitutional amendment.
    
well, if you're willing to vote for just anyone, i'm sure there's some little nutball third party candidate that's nearly perfect.

and with your vote, his total will be 2.
or, i could just quit. let's see them try to replace me.

believe it or not, not everyone that's religious is a complete piece of shit. even without protection, i trust the guy. 
he seems like a nice guy, i just can't imagine any bill getting passed with him in charge. he'd try veto everything. it's almost like he just shows up at work, votes no, and goes home, without much thought.  maybe he should draft some bills, that's he's actually interested in and show the american people can see he does want to do some things.
we all know plenty of assholes posting anti ron paul fud on reddit...
farrakhan duke '08
a fair trade and a good idea.
ahahaha like what, 2 people compared to the 50 that post about him nonstop?

you guys with your persecution complexes are fucking hilarious.

this is a persecution complex by proxy, which is even more retarded.
 &gt;* authoritarian political ideology
* tied to a mass movement
* individual and other societal interests subordinate to the interests of the state.
* forge a type of national unity
* based on (but not limited to) ethnic, cultural, or racial attributes.

are you prepared to demonstrate that these (above) criteria are significantly different from what we have now?  
&gt; there is definitely hope for america with this guy. he reminds me of gandalf from lotr, but instead of magic he has the constitution.

i'm not sure if it was intended to be, but that's hilarious! ron paul fanboyism ftw!

the constitution indeed is just a magical argument he uses for every issue regardless of whether it agrees with him or not, as well demonstrated here for example...
do you think the degree to which ron paul's policy positions align with yours is more important than his stance on, say, nuking iran?

like you, i go through my checklist of issues and vote for the candidate who matches them best. but it's a sad sign of our times that my first check-list item, "has a firm grasp on reality and doesn't casually talk about invading third-world nations without the approval of congress" is only met by one republican candidate.

stop nitpicking the small stuff. bigger issues are at stake.

persecution? you give yourself too much credit...
those terms can be a good indicator of close minded jingoism at work, however.  

ron paul already said that he wasn't going to run as a libertarian if he didn't get the republican nomination.  however, the libertarian leaning wing of the republican party is very large, and the libertarian leaning base is even larger.  it would be quite a thrill if a failure to nominate ron paul causes the republican party to rip in half.  then all bets are off.  toss in a surprise run by al gore to water down the hillary vote, and it will be an election for the ages.  
i'll get my v mask.
you're going to have to get around the civil rights act of 1964. have you read it? have you looked up the caselaw that backs it up? i have. 

and actually i'm not basing my argument off just one part of the constitution. there's the 14th, article 3, article 1 section 8, and the entire bill of rights. and you and ron paul are citing?... oh, your arguments entirely revolve around the 10th. huh.

god, you guys sure do like to say you've read the constitution but when it comes to something other than "we need to go back to the gold standard" (another flawed, not backed up by the constitution argument) or our basic liberties it's like you've selectively torn pages out of the damn document and pretend that anything between 1861 and now has been a mistake. 

you don't like the fact that congress used the commerce clause to make sure some business couldn't keep minorities out of the workplace or redline housing for minorities or prevented some lech of a boss from grabbing his daily piece of ass then be my guest and work towards repealing the civil rights act or getting it overturned in the courts. good luck. it's not like that legislation just came out of thin air. just a build up of over a hundred years of oppression and a national movement that spanned nearly 20 years. but, but, but... *the founding fathers said...!*

the founding fathers created a system where the people could forge their own way ahead. and guess what? when it came to a us citizen's rights, they did exactly that by using the principles contained in a document that has endured and come through for this country for over 200 years. it isn't some failure that in the case of protecting our rights the states are not the decision makers.

no, i'm sorry but on this issue, your argument is the one which has been coming off as ill informed and "shaky." 
what kind of revolution are we talking here?
you know what i think the problem is with the ron paul debunkers? it's the same thing that's wrong with the nau debunkers (besides the obvious overlap).

nau debunkers never come right out and say it, but they slap a thin veneer of "and i wouldn't want an nau anyway" on all their writing. but if you look deeper, and forced them to answer, they really would. they have no problem with centralization of power, of oversight. any sort of local governance is at most a convenience, something delegated from above when it suits them.

sort of the same thing going on. they tell us ron paul doesn't have a chance (as if we don't know this already... we're not stupid, despite how you like to insult us). then, as if it should matter, they tell us how horrible the man would be, because he wants to get rid of the irs (guess what?!?! personal income tax really is only 1/3 of revenue!!!). or that his ideas on abortion are horrible (i dare anyone who's been part of 4000 pregnancies, 4000 deliveries, to not get emotional and think it wrong. even those not religious.)

where is dannykeithjames when someone mentions wanting to vote for hillary? i've seen 5 pro-hillary stories tonight, and not an ounce of criticism. what about her is acceptable that isn't the same with paul? can anyone believe that this is anything other than the duopoly wanting to keep it's stranglehold on our elections?

no, the man isn't perfect. i am not religious, vehemently so. that means, counter-paradoxically, i'm not looking for a savior. bush had everything going for him, and didn't manage even 1/10th of what these hecklers claim paul will be able to accomplish.

i'm completely certain paul will withdraw from iraq, and in a hurry. i'm sure paul will never declare martial law. and with a democrat congress keeping him in check, these supposed worries of what he'd do are beyond absurd. there is no word for just how ludicrous they are. either he can't win, and there's no point (why do you care if i throw my vote away?), or he can and you're just shilling for the status quo. give up.
and they say that reddit only has bad news!
we disagree quite often, actually.

happy just has a sense of integrity, maybe you should look into that.
 i would vote for kucinich, but we only have three months left until the primaries. ron paul is the only sane candidate who has a chance to close the gap in the time we have remaining.
 
because that's the only way her childlike mind can understand it.
 the only bots i've seen are the anti-ron paul bots, headed up by dannykeithjames. the good news is that the 2.0 reddit changes seem to have broken it. i haven't seen a comment thread this coherent in months. 
well, when you become god of the fcc you can go on a witch hunt and kill all the bad people.  k?

fyi, if the fcc, the body charged with investigating these kinds of things, says it did not see any crime, then its a pretty good indicator that there is a loophole somewhere that allows whoever did it to get away with it.
heh. +1 for "little nutball third party candidate"
i missed the chapter in history where the united states executed political dissidents this way.
i guess if i show you stuff from nazi germany you are going to get all spastic about how evil germany is?

try having some perspective.
i always upmod ron paul articles, unless they're clearly libelous and trollish. at some point, there needed to be a counterweight to dannykeithjames and his like. the critics started it, i reacted.

though, if it makes you feel better, i'd downmod the intent of your submission, if that were possible. and i am one that disagrees with paul on this issue in particular. how's that?

it's sooo hooorrible!!!

&gt; it's no coincidence too that he has only a 55% rating from the aclu.

the aclu is only interested in defending those constitutional rights that jive with their agenda. who gives a fuck?
yeah, i thought he was going to mean bush and cheney for high treason. only makes sense as a parody site.
or national pride.  but hey who cares right?  much better to just agree with whats on a website.
um, i'd vote for brimley before i voted for giuliani, romney, mccain, hillary, gore, or obama.
and yet you are the one crying.


pitchforks and torches.
depends on who all is offered of course, but using math 11/11 - 2/11 = 9/11

so..

omg bush is a fascist!!


   you've already forgotten? i'm sorry, you must have a terribly short attention span. i'll catch you up:

you posted an article saying that ron paul's internet popularity was a mirage created by his staffers because multiple people have posted his videos on youtube. i responded that a) that is not a very good reason to suspect him of this behavior, and b) even if his staffers posted multiple all the videos on youtube, he still has incredible internet popularity evidenced by the movies' hits, search terms, and blog chatter.

after that, you insinuated that i didn't read the article. i countered by quoting the article. then you appealed to the authority of the professor. i pointed out your logical flaw. finally, you suggested that i read the article, again, in a condescending manner. i pointed out that i had read the article, and that you still weren't responding appropriately.

now we're up to the present.

you still haven't responded to:
a) the fact that multiple users posting ron paul videos doesn't necessarily mean they were employed by ron paul to do so, or
b) regardless of who posted the videos on youtube, ron paul's support on the internet is undeniable and backed up by several metrics.

you posted another comment, so i'll respond to that too:
&gt; but do you want a candidate (or a congressman, for this matter) who lying about his campaign? or didn't raise his voice against spamming polls and discussion boards on the scale never seen before?

for your first question, you're assuming that the article is valid; as i pointed out earlier, it's not. for your second question, i don't see how ron paul has any obligation to *stop his supporters from registering their support*. unless you are insinuating that ron paul paid these people to vote for him in internet polls, he certainly hasn't done anything wrong.   
yes, but that's 50% more show than we usually get!
seriously!  has anybody besides me noticed this?  i've been replying to comments for hours, amazed that a single train of thought gets carried through multiple levels of comments. we've actually got some intelligent debate going on.

riiight.

except he wont, because he will never get the nomination.
possibly. more important is to get rid of the fed. whether fiat, gold, or something else, allowing a private corporation to control our nation's money is dangerous. they have no loyalty to the us, its people, or its government.
section 3 forbids the federal courts to rule on state laws about religion or other social issues. except where they violate the constitution. your example of forcing a child to recite christian prayers is a clear violation of the child's first amendment rights. so the example is incorrect--it would still be enforceable at the federal level.

at better example may be can the school *prevent* a child from reciting a prayer in school. and the answer to that is no. but again, it would be enforceable at the federal level, since it is a violation of the child's first amendment rights.

did you actually write the ron paul campaign? i'd love to see their answer.      
the "dean scream" was used to kill dean. it was a directional mic that picked up the scream while filtering out the loud audience noise.

the media folks knew that, but being such "liberals" (according to some of the morons here), they used it to tear him down.

i hate the talking heads. they lie. they know that they are lying. if any one of you are here, how do you go home and kiss your wife/husband with that whore mouth?
funny you should link there. that's the pr.

their "prophets" have on numerous occassions said with no hesitancy that while they *are* christians, other "christians" *aren't*. i guess i'd have to find a link, and it's too damn late. i'm tired, and fucking reddit won't let me see when my comments have responses.
i vote we declare a state of shananigans on washington dc.
this is just him being consistent with his view that the federal government shouldn't be spending money for this sort of study.
and what country might that be? last i checked a reddit poll on where you are at the moment != country of birth or affiliation.

i hope you enjoy the view from up there on your horse! from now on, how about you spare the profanity and keep your replies on topic.
are the first two really bugs though?

marriage, religion, abortion and privacy all fall under our constitutional rights! to cover just one issue hr300 covers. from loving v. virginia:
&gt;marriage is one of the "basic civil rights of man," fundamental to our very existence and survival....
yea, and dubya is much more of a jesus freak than paul (and so was carter.) yet, he didn't create theocracy in america...

paul coudn't do it either, even if he wanted to (which i don't believe he does,) but he would have a good chance trying to roll back some of the fascist state...
and for the highest of prizes, thanks to dick cheney, the next american president gets to be above the law in most of the ways that count.
actually we agree. i'd love to get rid of the fed and i'm not sure if we should go back to the gold standard. at the very least, we should make the decision to print (or not to print) money completely transparent.
&gt; i guess we could wait until every scientist agrees that undeniably, 100%, global warming is a problem.

you still don't get it, do you?

even then, that wouldn't make him right. being right isn't about getting everyone to agree with you, dumbass. it's about saying "this is what will happen" or "this is how it is", and then having evidence (undeniable evidence) show that to have been the case.

&gt; oh well, the world was nice while it lasted.

so much hubris. we couldn't destroy the world, we couldn't even hurt its biosphere if we really wanted. the most we might manage, is to kill ourselves... and even that would take some serious fucking cobalt bombs.
find me a viable candidate with politcal beliefs that i agree with that is atheist and then i'll switch.  otherwise, this does nothing for me.
in other news, dewey defeats truman!!!
better than thinking we're going to give every new born baby a $5,000 savings bond or to continue with this stupid ass fucking war for another 4 years.
   israel does not have an image problem, it in itself is a problem. no matter how you portray the conflict, any reasonable minded person can see through israel's motives, actions and racist idealogies. despite the mainstream media's best efforts to consistently overlook the plight of palestinians and suppress criticism of israel under the labels of anti-semitism: the truth cannot be hidden under an "image."

only to zionists are the atrocities of israel justified.    
he'll still be back.
bingo
i'd argue that in this case jurisdictional stripping is not permitted. you're interfering with scotus' ability to rule on the constitution. if ron paul had kept this to law specifically under the commerce clause he might have a stronger standing. but the way the law is worded now it directly circumvents the 14th. hell, imnsho, it excoriates it.
i agree that we have to get around the civil rights act, which is pretty blatantly unconstitutional.  not bad in its intentions or effects, simply in it's method.  same with discrimination law.  you are not allowed to pull new congressional powers out of your ass just because you want to.  

and nowhere in article 3, article 8, or the entire bill of rights that you cite is the power to regulate private hiring practices given to the congress.  nowhere. 

don't like it?  write an amendment, or work at the state level.  but don't pretend you can ignore the constitution and simultaneously clam that you're working off of its principles, which just happen to be exactly the same as what you want.
someone might find the wiki scanner entertaining in this case
i don't think there was any danger that clinton was going to unleash a nuclear nightmare. reagan was of course had alzheimer and routinely confused real life with movies and bush is a religious zealot who hears god talking to him.


i am sure everybody in the iranian govt is more sane, more in touch with reality, more rational and smarter then bush. hell my dog is smarter then bushie boy.
i've not seen congress do even a single thing right, my entire life. if nothing happened, if every bill were vetoed and never made it into law, things would be alot better.

no iraq war.

no deficit spending.

no pay raises for the worthless fucks.
yes, they have this to look forward to: not wasting money that we don't have on something that could easily be done by an institution even as small as some medical university with charitable grants.
the tyranny of the majority was definitely not in the plan for this country. 
&lt;shrug/&gt; calling you an asshole is crying?
three...we need three...but who..?

hey!...what about some communists?....

the best strategy for china would be to buy us companies with those dollars. they could for example buy vast amounts of farmland or american oil companies or even tech companies like microsoft.

of course the us is way too racist to let chinese buy big companies so they might have to do it through a british or canadian intermediary.
you did?  im sorry, i guess i missed that.  you must have said it in between sobs.

and you are still crying.
most of them weren't literal bots, just idiots and assholes. their 10 second attention span was exceeded while reddit was down, and they've moved on.

don't celebrate now, i judge it to be temporary.
there is this old saying that goes, whether you think you can, or you think you can't, you are always right.  every time someone repeats the myth that he can't become president, they are creating a self-fulfilling prophecy.
really?  you really think so?

man i am so glad someone as naive and stupid as you is not the one running the country.

at least bush is stupid enough to suspect everyone, you think america is the only country full of assholes.

man it must be great living in that little world.
lighten up. and round it to the nearest 1/11th.
looks like ron paul wasn't included in the poll. so obviously the numbers should be taken with a grain of salt.
jeb bush in 2012!


a.k.a. 


canada, here i come!
lets all read "the constitution for the united states" (1787):

http://www.barefootsworld.net/constit0.html (index page)

...start at the 'preamble' and then go into the 'articles'.

lets see what we're missing! :)
 
 china exports to the u.s. the same amount they export to europe, but china does have a significant amount of usd reserves which they would like a good roi on. this is the reason china wouldn't actually go through with exchanging dollars into euros en masse, they have capitalist fever, we are tightly linked. the best thing we can do is accept chinese investment money so that they don't do anything drastic. in fact, if you see a lot of blocking of chinese investments in the u.s.(think cnooc), then that is the time to prepare for the chinese tanking the dollar - if they can't get an roi with usds then they'll give up on the usd. they don't need the u.s. as an export market.
oh, big manly, wt(f) thinks he can make people cry... only in the "i don't know whether to laugh or to cry" sense...
hillary's swift boat team is as good as rove's was.
 i see.  what al gore is saying is that if i don't want to pay for my health care ... i have a god given right to pull out my gun, find some body (preferably a productive somebody who has started his own company and thus is more capable of paying), point my gun to his face, and then if he refuses to pay my bill - or fights back.  pop a bullet in his head and spatter his brains all over the wall.  

of course, al gore, being the "generous" person that he is - will spare me all the difficulty of going thru the collection process myself.  instead, if the guy refuses to pay, he'll send trained government thugs to collect for me.  that way if he fights back and they spatter his guts all over the place, they can say that it was his fault for defending himself and relieve me of the pain and guilt and hide me from seeing the piece of shit consequences of my own choices being brought to their logical conclusion.

thanks, al.  you're such a "nice" guy.
that's why we are not a democracy but a republic.

 i take your point; still the story is about a year old, but its consistently fresh because this is not isolated but a perpetual thing with the administration. also, im guessing there are a sizable number readers who are new to reddit that have no clue that anything shady was going on with the bush administration. there is no reason to just keep up with "just the latest" evil.part of the reason why bush is in office is because people have such weak weak memories and stories like these don't get repeated enough. we have what vidal calls american amnesia, where we always forget and forgive the gop. repeat this till we are sick of it is better than having it happen. 
i like how the can post a correction to the article content, but still not correct the title.  that's a special kind of skill.
&gt;at least bush is stupid enough to suspect everyone, you think america is the only country full of assholes.

well certainly bush is an asshole. you are an asshole. republicans are certainly assholes.

so wow that's a lot of assholes.

you are of course at the top echelon of assholes that being murderer assholes.

i have no idea why all these fools love ron paul when mike gravel is so much better in every imaginable way.  he believes in smaller government and less government spending as well as abolition of income taxes(which are unconstitutional in the first place) and the legalization of drugs.  and he does this without being an ass or a religious zealot! wow!
"at least 77 television stations were making use of the faux news broadcasts"

teehee faux news...
can you prove that? oh wait... i see.
no. congress passed it. the executive signed off and there is now caselaw setting precedent for it. wow. all three branches of the federal government worked together and *gasp* did their job. 

and you need to read the civil rights act which obviously you haven't. you do business crossing state lines then you fall under the commerce clause. sucks that we aren't 13 colonies and the best mode of transportation you had was a horse or canoe. 

but of course in the world you propose i could live in one state and have protections and then go move to another state and be redlined into the ghetto. and that would be o-tay because the states would have their say. just like the founding, slave owning, fathers wanted it to be. how nice that my god given rights can change the second i cross a state line.

i'm sorry but the burden of revoking the civil rights act lies with you and yours. just don't be surprised that me and people like me are going to defend it. like i said. good luck. from where i'm standing on this issue the constitution is working fine. it isn't like you're completely out in the cold. the boy scouts are free to discriminate against gays at will. nonprofit, private organizations are free to do what they want.
do we write articles in the form of questions and then answer them? you bet we do.

no, who's the kerry?
why should cubans be prohibited from traveling to the u.s.?  is there actually a shortage of resources here in the u.s., or would such freedom of movement undermine corporate efforts to drive down wages?
one could say the same for american indians, assuming you're referring to their influence in american and turkish politics.
according to this, he's planning on doing that anyway:

http://www.area51.org/bush-plans-permanent-presidency-we-warned-you
a purported roman execution about 2,000 years ago still gets some press now and then, and has had some influence on world events.  

if nothing else, it's significant because so many pepople find it significant.
 as an atheist who grew up in a christian home, i do find it absurd that many secularists want to keep christmas (they like santa, snowmen, and presents) but suppress any connection between christmas and christ. let's either get rid of the holiday altogether, or at least let the christians have their fun.

i still say "merry christmas" to people as 25 december draws nigh, because "happy holidays" seems too artificially vague.

i wholeheartedly agree with paul's basic premise, though. let churches, synagogues, mosques, and humanist clubs teach values. get the government completely out of the "values" business, as it has no business legislating that sort of thing - especially not federal government, which must be limited to its enumerated powers.
 
i don't get this at all.

their job is to write whatever is going on.

either ron paul says something totally whacko and they can make fun of him -&gt; good for the media.  or he says something great (liberty is a nice idea!) and the people love to read about it.

sounds like win-win to me.  if they write about rp.
because the corporate elite run this country. and they only care about one thing: making more money. at whatever cost.
i've said it before in here, and i'll say it again.  my brother, kevin, who has been with the navy for 6 years (was an avionics electrician when he came out of basic, he won't tell me what he is now), says his vote is for paul, as is the vote of those who serve with him in the navy.  this guy has been to bahrain, iraq (off the record, of course), and places he said he could get a "straight off the market persian rug".  if any of you really care about the troops, then listen to them.  they want paul, we want them home...seems like we both want the same things, hmm?
my email response to the open letter!


"and would even if the media covered him as heavily as we cover rudy giuliani"
 
this is appaling for a reporter that is not supposed to be biased to tell us, the supporters that we have no chance of getting our chosen candidate in a position to win the nomination.
 
as a true patriot, and not some bought off reporter, we will show you that the true spirit of americans will not die to your propaganda.
 
you forget we do not need you now. we have the internet and can spread the truth through the peoples media! not the corperate media.
 
you sir, are like the newspaper, a dying dino on it's last legg before extinction. and the people are waking up to your foolishness and propaganda.
 
when 90% of the population want us out of iraq and you push candidates that are pro war, you lose!
 
we the people have the power of the purse. not you. not the congress, and sure as hell not the president. keep pissing us off with your childish antics and you will be drawing un-employment. quit telling us we "can't". it would seem that you as a reporter would report what the people want, not what your sponsors want since we the people support the sponsors you have.
 
you have already admited that you do and will not give equal coverage while knowing that if you show the people who he is instead of attacking him, that his support would grow at a crazy rate.
 
after 9-11 you pushed the idea that if you did not support the war and all of the illegal activities of this admin we have now that we were terrorist or not true patriots, but in reality, you are the terrorist because you supported this admin and are still trying to push pro war terrorist politicians.
 
have you looked up the definition of terrorist? you may need to. because you fit the description.
 
i smell change in the air and it is the rotting lies of the modern media. and the media, not the people are on their way out.
 
we will take our country back from the corperate controlled media and politicians.
 
we will show you who owns this country, we will put the person who wants justice, truth, and the real american way in the oval office.
 
how does it feel to be a pussy sell out! not much of a man are ya!
it's unfortunate that the reddit paul supporters seem to have such a vitriolic response to what is, at heart, a very sympathetic and apologetic letter. 

the basic fact is this: ron paul does not have any real chance at earning the republican nomination. anyone who believes otherwise is simply being naive, and should spend a bit more time studying electoral history. 

the author of this letter stated as much, an in response, has earned a collective raised middle finger from the reddit crowd, despite being entirely correct.

that is not to say that his candidacy is pointless, of course. by bringing the level of discourse up to an admirable level, and reminding at least some potential voters what "small government" really means, i think that he is one of the more productive and principled candidates this cycle.     
actually it's [61%](http://action.aclu.org/site/votecenter?congress=110&amp;repid=570&amp;session_num=0&amp;page=legscore). 

while the aclu claims to support the constitution, it wants the federal government to legislate morality and to identify people and confer special rights to people based on their membership in groups, things that ron paul opposes. examining the places where ron paul and the aclu disagree almost always shows dr. paul on the side of limited federal powers, following the constitution, and focusing on individual rights, not group rights.

for example, he opposes the recent political feel-good trend of passing so-called "hate crimes" legislation, since all crimes should be punished equally regardless of the gender, race, or sexual orientation of the victim. he opposed a federal law requiring equal pay by employers, because it would create a vast new bureaucracy that would second-guess every employer's wage determinations, eliminating the ability of employers and employees to mutually negotiate and agree on a wage. the aclu supported both of these unconstitutional items.

i like what the aclu says it stands for, and i support them in defending communists and nazis alike. i just wish they'd stick to supporting real constitutional principles rather than their own imagined ones.

so to work in texas, you'll need to be baptist. owning slaves will be legal again in alabama.

let's not forget what "illegal" judicial activism by federal courts has given us folks.
 i think you've correctly named the only three candidates who will immediately get us out of iraq. but dr. paul's opposition to the war isn't just because he predicted that it would go badly, or that this was the wrong war at the wrong time. he's fundamentally opposed to u.s. intervention overseas, a philosophy that makes it far less likely that we'll get stuck in future foreign wars.

candidates who want to get us out of iraq but [get involved in darfur](http://darfurscores.org/darfur-legislation#hres422) or have us [contribute to a u.n. force to police the world](http://www.ontheissues.org/2008/mike_gravel_foreign_policy.htm) are just taking us out of the frying pan and into the fire.
 
barenaked ladies: not so much...
yes, but calling it the "dog and pony show with a liberal sprinkingly of stupid" doesn't fit on the playbill.  
just fyi, [bill clinton was at 5-6% in the polls about this time in 1991](http://books.google.com/books?id=ndrzonzmmakc&amp;pg=pa98&amp;lpg=pa98&amp;dq=clinton+polls+october+1991&amp;source=web&amp;ots=dxld_huhwe&amp;sig=whns3h0-udfaie5bzbmkqakssji#ppa99,m1).
so you might want to be careful with your monkeys-out-the-a$$ predictions, lest they come true.

&gt; you still don't get it, do you?

no, *you* don't get it. we have the evidence. it's not 100%, it never will be, but it's close enough.

&gt; so much hubris. we couldn't destroy the world, we couldn't even hurt its biosphere if we really wanted.

how do you *know* that? why shouldn't it been possible?
this guy belongs in a country where such things are common. he sure isn't suited to the land of the free. 
 you're praying to the liberal masses. i *did* support ron paul, however, i do not support many of his views and believe i am much more aligned with kucinich. i think what paul has to do but won't because he's a man of integrity, is moderate his views in order to be able to attract much more supporters. if you hadn't noticed there are a few stories on reddit here that have hit front-page and they do not support ron paul, e.g his views on abortion. 
 for the record, my responses matched me with paul first, followed by gravel, kucinich &amp; hillary.

which is to say that the whole paul/kucinich idea isn't totally ridiculous, even though it won't ever happen... 
those that disagree call themselves scientists, are some of them are, but they do not publish their doubts in peer reviewed papers.
he did her a favor - keeping her out of the company of arafat and what not.
i would suggest that the male in question was of the legal age of majority.  if he was a minor, then the police would have been involved.  if nothing had happened beyond (non-explicit) conversation, the article would likely have said "no charges were laid".  

however, this is all guesswork.  

as for the "often not actually gay" bit... i'm not disagreeing with you, but i am curious as to where you've learned this.  i am aware that some of the time, a pedo is attracted to a youth regardless of gender, but i did not think it was an "often" thing.  but then... not exactly my field of expertise.  :p

and while i'm at it... is it just me, or does his picture creep anyone else out?  
i say give them midget prostitutes.  all the fun of a little boy, but all the legality of an adult!

win-win!
yes.  peter and mary were always making fun of him for it.
calling philosophical consistency "radical adherence to one political extreme" does not make it so.

i honestly believe that you're the one having the knee-jerk reaction. because it's something you want, you'd throw principle out the window. limiting the role of the federal government, that's for eliminating stuff that *other* people want evidently... that's how we got this massive federal bureaucracy and these two political parties that are nothing but a collection of disparate interest groups, with no common principles to guide them.

seriously.

well before this congress was i guess eating bonbons so they decided to do something...i guess we should pat them on the back
i wish i could upmod you an infinitesimal amount of times. 

that graph does in fact show what is and has always been suspected, that the msm has a *huge* influence in persuading the public's opinion of a candidate.
so if it comes down to clinton or guiliani we won't have any choice about attacking iran.
if it weren't for the fudge packers, i would never get to have my deliciously sweet fudge.  mmmm, fudge.

i actually knew someone that worked in a fudge producting factory.  his job was to place the fudge in the boxes.  this created situational humour that we could play out for hours....
shit, i'll blow him.  but you have to guarantee me that he'll lie about it under oath, or else i'm out.

i'll even wear a blue dress and get you some gwdna!
i'll prepare my ass and set up a couple of typewriters just in case. 
  &gt; net neutrality is not something that would rise naturally out of the free market unless corporations ... take a moral stand.

i explained exactly how it could come about, you just chose to ignore it. by real competition. currently comcast, cox, time warner, and the baby bell remnants barely compete with each other because they generally cover different geographic areas, thanks to government laws granting them monopolies in certain regions and outlawing competition.

if they all were to compete, i can't guarantee that you'd get net neutrality, but i do guarantee that you'd get internet service that you were happy to get for the price. otherwise, you'd switch to a competitor.

that's not just theory. check out [this study that cable tv was 17% cheaper in places with competition](http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/yourmoney/sns-yourmoney-0114spending,0,3150788.story?coll=) and [this article about allentown pa cable companies offering late-night customer service since there was competition](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=950de2d61038f936a15754c0a96f948260).

in the midst of ecological crisis and we'd still rather chop down the trees and use petrochemicals for things we could easily be making out of hemp because people don't want people smoking weed.  re-fucking-diculous
i'm done here. 
because the fucking election is still over a year away and that shit comes later.

the worst thing about endless war is the endless fucking campaigning.
follow the money.
i wouldn't call separation of church and state picking nits. to him it's a bigger issue that's at stake just like you think that a war is a bigger issue. everyone is entitled to an opinion.
you reap what you sow.
report to bugs.reddit.com
 get used to it buddy.  ron paul is not going to win the election, nor will he ever get any type of majority vote.
there are an army of idiots on both sides of this fence, but this update has been helping it seems.
that's why she's not getting my vote.
haha it is to laugh.

if you actually believe this has any chance of happening you are either delusional or high.
what he is saying is that without a federal stance on it, no one would have forced the south into compliance. it required both state laws and federal ones.
&gt;i can live with my kids having prayer time in schools.

this has to be a joke. sacrificing your rights for some safety. could it be a more perfect role model for how not to vote for someone?
&gt;and as such has a direct influence on the number of potential supporters.

no shit sherlock holmes, how the fuck do you think every other president was elected in history?
depends.  who do you trust more- big business and oil companies paying millions to skew published results - or scientists?
&gt;the msm has a huge influence in persuading the public's opinion of a candidate.

we have another genius on our hands people.
considering the whole christmas bit was lifted wholesale from the pagans, shouldn't it be them we think about during our holidays?
well if morons like you learned how to read the article maybe you'd realize the editor was asserting that ron paul wasn't going to be voted in, even if msm had an influence. he effectively downplayed the significant role the msm has in shaping our opinion.
well, before i debate your point, i will say that i never challenged any of that, all i was saying was that the definition of "fascism" was already present in the post you replied to asking "what definition of fascism"

as for what we have, i don't know if we can call it fascism. it's more like the perfect storm of bullshit. 

we have the minds behind much of the executive power grab (and war on terror, including iraq, destroying civil liberties and the such) in people like dick cheney, wolfowitz, and rumsfeld. [read up, their agenda was no secret](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pnac)

but dick cheney couldn't have pulled it off on his own. that's why they have george bush. he's the "aww shucks", down to earth, have a beer at the blue collar watering hole, sort of guy. he's also has that blind confidence/arrogance that many could see as strength. he is the perfect messenger for the message pnac peddles. 

and of course, you had 9-11. such random and callous killing had never been perpetuated on such a scale on american civilians at home before. (pearl harbor happened yes, but it was on the military, on a base on a small us territory as close to asia as it was the heartland). this made americans increasingly susceptible to the administrations wants and needs. people wanted to feel safe, and people wanted revenge. (people still do. my own relatives deep in blue state territory think that our next president needs to get tougher on terror. )

fourth, was lack of a democratic opposition to bush admin policy. democrats had a majority in the senate, but only feingold protested passage of the patriot act. far worse was the lack of debate and patience leading up to the iraq war. if there was ever a time where democracy failed in america, it was then. 

i think all of this sort of gelled into what we have today. i don't think there was a mass movement, or outright authoritarianism (put on the masses, there is when it comes to torture and habeas corpus of enemy combatants.) there was slight demonization of islam, but i don't think to the extent of the nazi's and the like. 

i also don't feel we can blame "corporations". that's too simplistic and weak. while i have no doubt some corporations have benefited from the war, cheney was also in government far longer than the private sector. i think the actions of the administration have been far more nuanced and intellectual (neoconservatism) than simple profiteering. ditto for "oil!" being the sole reason. 
to paraphrase and customize a quote i heard somewhere:  if we owe the chinese a billion dollars, we're in trouble.  if we owe them a trillion, they're in it.
look, there's no actual research here, just a bunch of people saying "well, huh.  must be fake."  i mean, c'mon.  they didn't even get that he's not in the senate, but the house.
fuck you, i'll kick your fucking ass if you wanna put down your keyboard (and thus your confidence) and say something about my daughter to me in person.
like 'yourdaughter' isn't you. that was their only comment. i really wish you weren't such an enormous pussy, then we could see what's up for real.
i know you're only a big talker behind your computer. how does it feel to pretend to actually have a spine for once?
chuck todd also manages flight of the conchords in his spare time, as well as being new zealand's cultural attache:

http://www.hbo.com/conchords/cast/


personally, i think every country should pass a bill labeling the us government's 19th century massacres of native americans as genocide. 
because right now they are not concerned with beating the other party. they are only concerned with fooling the elctorate into making them the best choice for the party.

it' weird i know. i'm sick of the whole thing. the best thing for our country would be to have a viable 3rd party.
&gt; cheney's law

i believe we've just coined a new term..

cheney's law: the methodical deconstruction of constitutional law and imposition of a totalitarian regime whereby the president and executive branch needs not answer to any authority, any checks and balances and has total supreme rule.

synonyms; fascism, nazism
fuzzy math
fuzzy morals
fuzzy elections

but not warm and fuzzy

it ain't easy bein a pimp!
"oh no, not me. i never lost control. you're face to face, with the man who sold the world."

~d. bowie
you are either real young or have a lapsing memory and are easily fooled with words. back when bush #1 was in office he used the term "new world order" and the outcry was so great that it was never used again in politics, but now they use "global economy" and you buy it hook, line and sinker.

have you been brainwashed by the propaganda?

who's the kook?!!!!! 
i will tell you also...:::you are either real young or have a lapsing memory and are easily fooled with words. back when bush #1 was in office he used the term "new world order" and the outcry was so great that it was never used again in politics, but now they use "global economy" and you buy it hook, line and sinker.
 lets be radical and read "the constitution for the united states" (1787) too:

http://www.barefootsworld.net/constit0.html (index page)

...start at the 'preamble' and then continue into the 'articles' etc.

i'm sure its worth reading at least once :) 

check out 'habeas corpus' if you're feeling adventurous.

good god and great leaping lizards!  i had no idea that the president of the united states of america could be powerful enough to pull something like this off.
the strange twist that the bbc always misses is that the subsidies harm america. the subsidies arise from internal factional fighting, with those who recieve the subsidy lobbying to impose taxes on those who must pay for them. the sad fact is that subsides are inefficient. those who pay pay more than the benefit to those who recieve, which makes america worse off.



what a disgrace.  years from now that girl will be rummaging through her pictures and say "hey here's one of my sister megan and me holding a sign about a blowjob in public".  i'm sure her father is very proud.
that is as logical as blaming democrats for not voting nader in 2000.

anyway, had al gore gotten 3% more votes, the republicans would have disenfranchised 3% more...

a pointless argument.
"national pride" is about useless.  
  
think your country is the best?  
great cause nobody cares.  
so who are you waving that flag for?

lot of information about dice k collected here
http://actualurls.com/dice_k
since nixon got away with a pardon, yeh people would have to be delusional to  think a president is accountable.
 actually the decision to attack usa was taken in a more democratic way than bush ordering the  bombing of iran. there were more than one "decider" in tokyo.
since no one else will give guiliana an apology, i'll have to give him one:  i'm so sorry that you're a fucking idiot.

alright, now that we've settled that, we can all move on to more important things
what about the colonization of cuba after the american-spanish war?

what about the filipino massacres?

the banana wars?

the secret wars in south america?

how about condemning the american empire?
a classic case of the pot calling the kettle black?
aren't there types of marijuana that don't contain thc?

i bet that's the type that farmers wanted to grow.

edit: read it - yep, i was right.
one illegal wiretap results in 5 years jail, times 455... that's a few lifetimes in jail.

ridiculous that bush should be arrested? tell it to the judge. 
bad link try
http://www.microsoft.com/technet/community/columns/secmvp/sv0907.mspx
i wonder if turkey has figured out that it has no friends in the west. first the eu snubbed them now the us.

their best bet is to try and get friendly with the russians, chinese or arabs/persians.

the west is no longer an option for them.
 why would bush need to plant fake news stories?  the news is already nothing but fake news stories. just like all the coverage the hollywood twats get with 30 paparazzi chasing their vapid stupid skank asses 
undeniable evidence?  that's a nice fantasy, but unfortunately it doesn't exist in the real world.  at best you can have a high statistical probability.  i've been convinced by the evidence for global warming for about ten years now, and in my opinion it has become more and more apparent over those ten years.  can i prove in any absolute sense that global warming is happening?  no, and i will never be able to.  i can say, however, that i feel there is such an overwhelmingly large amount of evidence for global warming that it is *very* unlikely that it is not taking place.  

we could destroy the world quite easily, or at least change it's climate to the point it is untenable to maintain any kind of advanced society.  
   kucinich has better policies.

kucinich wants to do the what is clearly working in other countries... ron paul wants to embark on an un-tested policy of weakening the democratic influence of "we the people" over unelected and unaccountable corporate power.

the market != democracy - because a de-regulated 4th-estate will coagulate even more than it already has - and that is bad enough.
no, nuking iran is far more important, and again flemlord, you're spot on.  however, i'd never vote for a republican (other than rp), so they aren't even considerations.

you also point out a crucial difference between rp and even some leading dems.   i thought edwards ruled that out, though, didn't he? 
oh, why the hell doesn't he just shut up.
looks like there's a spread: 55%: http://civilliberty.about.com/od/profiles/ig/2008-republican-candidates/ron-paul.htm

67%: http://www.ontheissues.org/2008/ron_paul_civil_rights.htm

you're largely right about where paul and the aclu disagree (see first link) 

though, a couple of his calls seem questionable, even on consitutional grounds (am i missing something):

* was one of only 33 members of congress to vote against renewal of the voting rights act in 2006.

* believes that the civil rights act of 1964 "violated the constitution and reduced individual liberty."

i did not literally mean bots (automated programs), i should have said "the rp mob".

i saw a slew of systematic downmods to all my recent comment threads and submissions after these rp posts.

it's also worth noting that this link, which points to rp's own words, after all, has been downmodded from a high of 38 to 15 now.  it's rare for links to rise and fall in rating like this.  it's anyone's guess who did this... but i think it's a fair guess that it's rp activists, wouldn't you agree?    
oh cmon. if rude giuliani and ron paul got equal coverage by the media, paul would get more votes than giuliani. btw does anyone believe that the presidential election is one round, one vote per se? no, think again. the presidential election is two rounds. in the first round, money decides whom of the candidates deserves major media coverage. in that round, 10 dollar = 10 votes and 1 dollar = 1 vote. in the second round, people decide among the major-coverage candidates.
that's how i am the president now and i am gonna give hillary 2984729839424 votes.
interesting. i have such a reflexive distrust of the politics of the former slave states i had not considered this perspective.

where is the unit boundary of self-regulation?  we've touched on this before - is it at the federal level, the state level, the town, the individual?  this is another way of stating the problem of small local majorities tyrannizing minorities.

and when do we consider some behaviors merely local moral issues which will sort themselves out, as you've suggested, and when do we consider them an illegal deprivation of liberty?  it's easy to say, for instance, that slavery would have worked itself out -- on who's timescale?  how many african generations do we expect should have been satisfied with that line, for instance?  does their liberty matter less than states rights?

we accept, after all, the action of police to protect us from each other.  i presume rp does too?  (or is his answer private police departments, private fire departments, etc?)
 
big fucking surprise, down modded by a bunch of ill-informed dipshits. 
and hence the subsequent addition of the 14th when the majority in the states tried to circumvent the "interpreted" 13th. 
i hope this isnt going to lead to them saying they have the capability to wage a war on iran...theres no way iran's army is gonna roll over
**sweet fuck!**for the love of steve, get ron paul's dick out of your mouthes, clean up, and stop acting like this fuck-face is some kind of savior. 
actually, no.

california, i believe has around 35 million people. germany has around 85m, which is ~30% of the us. france and the uk are almost as big.

now, i'll admit that the "deep anti-socialist" tendencies might be a problem, but brain-washing always is.
i'm with the 60%.  mitt romney was one of the greatest mitts mickey mantle ever caught baseballs with.
i'm not an rp supporter, but i don't think he's astroturfing.  the commenters on reddit seem passionate and sincere enough; i can see how his anti-interventionism and strict constitutionalism would strike a deep chord in america now.  that australian political scientist wants to believe that only candidates anointed by the corporate media could possibly be legitimate.  
have resisted posting anything on this coz its not definitive yet...but

even with the illegal wiretapping, they dint stop 9/11??
i agree some very big issues are at stake, but i'm not convinced that the form of extreme libertarianism that rp offers doesn't *add* to the problem.  

this war on religion stuff is in a sense a side show, compared with the serious issues you bring up.  however, religiosity to me seems to multiply our current problems.

on a more important note, from my perspective, america's obsession with property rights is at the very heart of the problem we're experiencing today.  wealth is power.  and deep asymmetry in power means for all practical purposes that some will enjoy liberty while others will not.  extreme property libertarianism does not account for this. 
i wanted to edit that to say,

i'm with the 60%. one of the greatest mitts mickey mantle ever caught a baseball with was the romney mitt.

but the recent reddit overhaul has left me unable to edit my comment shortly after i wrote it.  some of the new reddit overhaul i like a lot, like the way my comments appear in place on the page where i'm commenting right away.  i don't like the fact that when i see my comment and want to make it better (correct typos, syntax, etc.) i can't.


this is more than an attack than an apology. he cites an election from 1988 to back his beliefs? seriously, what the fuck? i can give better reasons as to why paul will win. 

1) paul has a broad spectrum of support from democrats, independents, and republicans. independents and democrats were not polled in the "scientific" nbc/wall street journal gop primary voters survey cited. 

2) he's the only voice for peace in an election where 72% of the voters are anti-war.

3) he's the only candidate offering solutions. the rest are just trying to not screw up long enough so that the ignorant masses will vote them in. 

4) his supporters will show up at the polls.

the main thing preventing paul from being elected is the lack of coverage and outright slander of the main stream news sources. it's what makes his supporters so vocal everywhere else. 
certainly.  spokespeople for substantial percentages of the american population such as ron paul, kucinich, and ralph nader have no chance of getting elected in america.  anybody who wants to get published in the commercial media has to reeinforce the notion that that's the way democracy has to work.  there is no alternative to the status quo. 
so in that case, why isn't france, germany, or russia more prosperous than the us? in all those countries, the state occupies a larger portion of gdp. and per capita income is also lower in those countries. care to explain?
later on on these commentaries, i wrote something and found myself free to edit my comment and re-edit.  yet when i try to edt this specific post on this specific thread all i get is page error.

what's going on, reddit?  i'm not mister master coder, but why am i imcompetent at using the edit function right here and yet able to edit in other places? 
that is odd. i actually noticed your post was in the 30s earlier. (i was wondering why you were complaining.)

the only actual evidence i've seen is the anti-ron paul bot, mainly because he uses the same 20 phrases over and over, spamming the rp threads. i posted a "please ban this bot" article a while back and he stopped doing it from his main account. however, at the same time he opened up several other accounts and continued the activity. (you could tell because the comments were the same.)

your math makes as much sense as your foreign policy, george.  btw when was the last time you won a game of golf?
i'm sorry. i wasn't saying that nader thinks bush is unstable, i was saying he is 
unstable...i read the article, i just went 
off on a personal rant (down mod material).
 
politics really piss me off. nader is correct. how do they get away with this inaction (the dems)? i honestly think this is one of the main reasons they were voted in, not necessarily to impeach, but to step on the brakes. and with the current state of information that we have, what in the world is keeping congress from investigating bush, cheney, etc.? bah!
hillary/obama/edwards are also scaring me. nowhere near as bad as the republicans, but they're not telling me what i want to hear.

what i want to hear, of course, is "iraq was a mistake. we will withdraw the troops, ask the un to step in, and we *certainly* won't invade another third world country under similar false pretenses."

instead, they're equivocating and bullshitting around the issue. i don't get it.
you're right only a billion or so believe it.
  bah. we're talking about minor degrees of difference. ron paul isn't talking about making christianity a national religion, or banning santa claus or hanuka. in fact, i'm not even sure what people are worried about from a religious angle if ron paul is elected. and don't throw that hr 550 crap back at me. that bill doesn't diminish our first amendment rights of religious freedom.

it's a hot-button political wedge and people are trying to use it to demonize ron paul.   
i personally prefer the unit boundary to be the individual--if it doesn't hurt anybody else, it should be allowed. i also accept the reality that change comes slowly; as long as we are making gradual progress toward a universal acceptance of all flavors of social liberalism, i can wait patiently.

pushing non-constitutional issues down to the state level scares me too. ron paul has some radical ideas, but what we currently have isn't working. look at any of the major reddit issues: drug prohibition, gay marriage, smaller government, civil liberties... our political system is so broken that we haven't made any progress on these issues in what, twenty years? thirty? if anything, we're losing ground.
what about the jews in russia slaughtering  millions of white people in the ukraine? i read where they lined up the little children and the rabbis hit them over the head with hammers. no one wants to touch that one for fear of the jews. 
hmm?
bad headline as it looks like it is a quote from nader, but actually it is a quote from a democratic congressman.
but it's money for killing, not helping people, so there isn't really any emotional hook for the media.  like rape is a word used everyday but fuck is obscene, even though it's the same activity with force and violence rather than joy.  so it's the joy that is really the outrage there.  i mean, how do you explain rape to a child any better than fuck?  violence makes anything acceptable, so bloody gorefests like saw are acceptable movie fare, but omgz you put too long of a nude scene of omg *making love* in your movie?  xxx!!  obscene!

the problem is not cotton-specific. it's even worse when you look at corn and soybean's not much worse.

the whole farm bill is nothing but a tool to take tax payer money and put it into mega-corporation's pockets.
 it couldn't perhaps have anything to do with ron paul's overall web presense?  [here](http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1668444,00.html) is a piece in *time* that may shed some light on this "phenomenon".  
&gt; no, you don't get it. we have the evidence. it's not 100%, it never will be, but it's close enough.

on evidence. but it's not a court trial. you can just wait until it happens. duh.

&gt; how do you know that? why shouldn't it been possible?

why, are you wanting to try or something?
i submitted a test of ron paul's reddit popularity [here](http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yden/comments/)
interesting link; saved. 

funny to note that mitt romney has pored over $17.4 million into his own campaign. 
hillary clinton's iran vote not only gives bush a free pass to attack, it demonstrates an ignorance of foreign policy as frightening as his.
if true, then he'll probably do this anyway.
&gt; at best you can have a high statistical probability.

not thinking things through very well, eh?

if climate change is real, and on a timeline of 100 years or less, you can simply wait 100 years, and see if the climate changes. you can see if the sea level raises 6 meters.

if those things happen, gore christ wins, he is (was) right.

they're pretty undeniable, they're more than statistics.

&gt; no, and i will never be able to.

actually, this sounds pretty dumb. if you *never* could prove it, what's that say?

&gt; we could destroy the world quite easily, or at least change it's climate to the point it is untenable to maintain any kind of advanced society.

that would be the part wher i said "the most we might manage". however, if we can't manage civilization just because the flood plains change, there is a rise in sea levlel, and hurricane patterns change, well... we have bigger problems. like maybe the rise of neo-feudalism.
what the fsck part of "puppet government" don't they understand?
it's probably more difficult to change your senator than the president.  the president comes up for reelection after four years and can only be elected twice.  a senator has no term limits and is elected every 6 years.  (represenatives in congress do not vote for confirmations - only the senate confirms).

the problem with relying solely on the checks provided by senatorial confirmation is that we, the people, pay.  we are stuck with a justice for 30+ years.
nope:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwins_law#corollaries_and_usage
everyone i know considers sf to be a wacko city.
&gt; ramming something down the throats of people in states that don't want this

very large majorities of americans have consistently wanted universal health care for a very long time now. 
i wasn't commenting on hillary, but on the author of the article.

i thought the author was serving up the neocon pretexts for war with iran.  

in particular, he was repeating the charges that iran is working toward a nuclear bomb without discussing the specifics of anything iran has done wrong. 
yes it is. however, the people that have to make the change are the people that like the status quo.
www.ratemyrant.com
jimmy carter: liar liar pants on fire!
enter a comment here
ok, i happen to think that here we have to see that ron paul is running for federal office.  and he feels that the central government should have no say either way.  this goes into his views on national courts being able to decide on matters of states or municipalities making decisions about religion, or abortion, or any of the "police powers".  i think that there are some really good arguments saying that the bill of rights was not originally meant to be rules for the state governments (and on a side note that the amendments that shifted the power of the constitution over the states were illegally passed).  anyway, so he is saying that the federal government should have any say whatsoever in these matters.  yes, that would mean that some states would go batshit crazy.  i live in texas and the majority of people here have forgotten any kickass 'live-free-or-die' 'remember the alamo' roots, and they would likely turn this otherwise great state into a scary place to live.  on the other hand however it would get the federal government off of the backs of californians who want to legalize medical pot, it would allow the freak libertarians to run to new hampshire and smoke crack and pay people 2 dollars per hour to be bouncers at whore houses.  the bottom line is, it would allow everybody in america to be a little bit more free.  and though that might be a little bit scary in some states; its a lot better than putting leashes on everybody from dc.

and with the eclipsing the state in importance.  he wants the state to not have much control of things watsoever.  it would only be important if you are importing, or dealing with any of the other clearly delegated powers.  that means that mcdonalds would eclipse the state in importance.  and hving people use churches as social hubs would be fine (i'm pretty sure nobody believes that jesus and his invisible dad crap anyway).
a little jet fuel should melt those extra few percent right off.
no, i doesn't..
but thanks for pointing out the typo..;)
&gt;if the fcc... says it did not see any crime, then its a pretty good indicator that there is a loophole somewhere that allows whoever did it to get away with it.

i don't know if there is a legal loophole or if  the presidential appointees at the fcc just decided not to take action against their boss, but it's irrelevant.

attempts to manipulate public opinion through propaganda is immoral. i don't want corporate or state sponsored propaganda on the television news or any other media. are you actually saying you do?

according to your value system, would it be acceptable to wantonly murder at will as long as there's a legal loophole or one has friends in high places who won't prosecute?

that may be a somewhat hyperbolic example, but i use it only to demonstrate how indefensible and reprehensible your statement is.

i think your irrational devotion to party and ideology has your moral compass askew. 
well, it is possible to believe that kid who did the shooting was black.

after all, his name was a. coon.
agreed.  given the level of disagreement in the country, and even talk of secession, states rights and smaller federal government do make sense.  one can look at it as a modest kind of disunion - a loosening of the bonds that tie disagreeing parties together.

the progressive reaction (my reaction) to the right wing noises paul makes (low taxes, states rights, religion) is due to the cynical way in which republicans have exploited these issues (and others like patriotism, family, etc) to pursue a radical corporatist, authoritarian agenda.  so the whole heap of right wing ideas smells a little badly at this point.

taking paul's policies in their totality, however, does indeed seem to point at a different vision: unyoking the states from each other, each to pursue its own ways.  a weaker federal government, lower *federal* taxes, lower military spending, abolishment of the cia, lower federal social programs.  if his policy is to devolve these functions to the states (rather than religion), it would sound attractive to progressives, i think.  i'm sure there are many blue staters who would be happy to let the red states go (and pay) their own way: in a sense to allow each state to compete in the market of opportunity.  red staters can bloviate all they want about the coasts, but they'll be eating economic dust if that's what it comes down to.  i'm sure progressives would be quite happy to place their bets on their home turf.   

what i would like to know is -- what are rp's ideas about corporations?  should they enjoy the kind of robust personhood they do today?  should they shield their owners from liability?  what protections do the poor have from the wealthy?  the government is at least, in theory "ours"; whereas wealth and corporations are private (and increasingly owned by a smaller number of people).  taking away federal power without addressing this other issue seems a recipe for a new kind of disaster ([which seems already underway](http://www.amazon.com/shock-doctrine-rise-disaster-capitalism/dp/0805079831 )).  who will then be then be the gatekeepers - corporations, private security?  not an attractive vision.  were i to hear a clear populist statement from rp on such issues, i could really change my mind.        
another case of a bought and paid for politician serving an agenda other than the american peoples'....
the author discusses how the process of granting transmission line construction permits, and overruling local control in the process, works in the federally designated national interest electric transmission corridors.
didn't this happen *under* a hundred years ago?   1915-17. /pedantry
agree - except about edwards.  i thought he was a little clearer on such issues.  though he too is lacking in many ways.  

i hate to get into the game of letting politicians spin convenient positions during the campaign, and trust them to do the right thing when in office, but i suspect at least some of these dems wish to avoid giving the  republican propaganda machine another tool.  still, i share your disgust.  

curious - would things change for you if al gore were in the race?
  
uh, no, you lose
strange how the fossil media is so selective in what they report - take out of context comments on iraq, so's they appear worse, then *totally* ignore the criticisms of press honesty and ethics (or rather the lack thereof). 
hi thedrwho - lose what? if you mean the reporting of this jolly item, maybe so, but i'm in a different time zone, reddit was down yesterday, and the linked it i found has much more interesting comment than most (and the complete transcript, so there's no slant in any direction).
nice racism from our white overlords.
fair enough; still it's better in this case to go straight to prwatch; they actually have the videos in question for people to look at.

there was a high-rise building that burned for 48 hours that never collapsed.  gutted, yet never collapsed.

another opening for truthers.
kucinich paul '08
kucinich paul 08
nice!!!!
so, what's your point here?  that cheney is a nice guy, and not darth vader?

i think i need to tell you something, stfu.
then don't vote for her.

kucinich paul '08.
two parties is not democracy. you're a fool if you think it is; all that happens is that they share power and gradually become the same party as they mold their values to appeal to the lowest common voter. 
i bleeding well knew it. he's got the look. 
&gt;our public today is like a king of old whose military advisors spent most of their time and budget reading omens and making sacrifices, to gain the gods' favor, instead of hiring soldiers and talking battle strategy. these advisors knew omens and sacrifices mattered little, but they saw the king was comforted, and feared losing favor by talking of battle strategy.

what? why is it right-wing idealogues always conceptualize everything in war terms? and what makes an economist think he knows more about providing adequate health care than a physician? drivel.
 leaving it to the states is hardly a pro-life agenda and you all should stop mischaracterizing his position.

or to put it another way...

it strains credulity to believe that a woman has a right to privacy if she terminates her pregnancy but no right to privacy if she smokes a joint.  it's still her body, right?

if only the federal government would defer to the states on the question of drug use, as ron paul proposes we do with abortion.

it's really shabby to see the abortion issue given such prominence when nobody is dying or being locked up in prison as a result.

if some of you could just bother to think about the millions of people who are getting massively fucked because of the war on drugs and stop posing for your wives and girlfriends, that'd be really nice. 
ummmm,  e-campaign?  i don't think that was it entirely, if at all.

this started simply as an old fashion grass roots, hit the streets movement.  i mean, i have seen posters of ron paul revolution throughout my city.   people are showing up at events, outnumbering the support of other candidates.  people themselves are posting videos of paul and supporters in action.

nah, this guru was hardly involved.
unfortunately, that ain't gonna get him into the wh. what a pity for ol' mitty, if only he warn't so ...tty.
yes, i remember pearl harbor. i also remember the [*declaration* of war](http://www.ibiblio.org/pha/myths/matsum_1.html) made by japan against the united states, making it rather a moot point whether the attack was *considered* an act of war. so that's not a terribly illustrative example.

your point is accurate: a strategic air attack is usually *considered* an act of war. the constitution, however, says nothing about this matter. the words "act of war" do not appear in that document. the sum total of its language that we're arguing about is in article 1, section 8:

&gt; the congress shall have power... to declare war...

that's it.

we're talking about the power to *declare* a state of war. not to wage it, not to order specific attacks, not to command troops. just to declare that a state of war exists.

nowhere does the constitution say that the president (who "shall be commander in chief of the army and navy of the united states") has to go to congress to get permission to use that army and navy to attack a target, whether or not a declaration of war has been issued.

maybe you're under the misimpression that the military can't use force unless congress issues a formal declaration of war. you're welcome to try to back that up with a citation. presidents have been ordering the u.s. military to point its guns without a declaration of war almost since the constitution was ratified. 

and even if air strikes were a power granted only to congress, it wouldn't matter, since congress ceded this right to the president in 1973 (with conditions). go read the [war powers act](http://www.yale.edu/lawweb/avalon/warpower.htm):

&gt; the president **in every possible instance** shall **consult** with congress before introducing united states armed forces into hostilities...

&gt; in the absence of a declaration of war, in any case in which united states armed forces are introduced into hostilities... the president shall submit within 48 hours to [congress]... a report, in writing...

&gt; within sixty calendar days after a report is submitted... the president shall terminate any use of united states armed forces ... unless the congress has declared war...

congress has given the president a 60-day "bomb anything you want" card. s/he is *requested* to consult congress ahead of time but it is explicitly *not* required. s/he is required to write a report ("what i did on my bombing vacation"). there are a few other minor conditions.

but there is no question about it: the president is fully authorized to attack targets in iran, and if the lawyers and generals say it's not "possible" to consult with congress ahead of time, s/he doesn't have to.

again, romney is right, and paul is wrong. the question was "do you believe the president needs authorization of congress to attack strategic targets in iran." the correct answer is no.
&gt; truman tried to use this commander-in-chief argument and was slapped down by justice jackson.

heh. truman issued an executive order seizing steel mills during the korean war, and in [youngstown co. v. sawyer](http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=us&amp;vol=343&amp;invol=579) the supreme court held this to not be a power of the commander-in-chief.

seizing steel mills in the united states has exactly nothing to do with launching air strikes against strategic targets in iran.
       what you fail to realize is that every
piece of land in the united states is claimed in some way by a city, town, county, state, or whatever form of government and they all charge taxes, which, if you do not pay, they come and take your property. there is nowhere you can go, however remote, to escape it.


you can live at the top of a mountain, and never have human contact for the rest of your life, but as soon as you fail to pay taxes, they take everything away. is it right that you can provide yourself on your own land, but that it can be taken away because you don't have  cash income?  it effectively makes it illegal for those without an income to own property.  

if some politician tried to pass an actual law that stated in unambiguous terms that it was illegal for the poor to own property, he'd be swarmed on by every left wing liberal activist in the country, yet that's just what the property tax system does, makes it illegal for the poor to own property because if they buy it and then can't pay the taxes, it gets taken away.  what's even worse, is they don't even bother to force a sale anymore. it used to be that an officer of the court would administer the sale of the property, the taxes would go to the government, and the homeowner would get the difference. now, they just sell the title to the property outright for the amount of the taxes and you get nothing. they will take a $400,000 home that may have been in a family for generations, and sell it for $5000 in back taxes and evict the owner without even the means to buy a less expensive house somewhere else without guilt or remorse. without the right to absolute ownership of property, you have no rights at all. just because you pay your taxes now, does not mean that you are free. they will come and take your property just like anyone else's as soon as you stop paying. you are as much a slave to the system as the rest of us, you just don't see it.      
i don't agree with whiskeytango very much at all, but that doesn't change the fact that calling the person who comments on every reddit article 'locked in and echo chamber' just makes one the door no?
&gt; as for what we have, i don't know if we can call it fascism. it's more like the perfect storm of bullshit.

i square the circle thusly:

neoconservatism = fascism
bush = fascist
usa != fascism

we have a leader who ideologically speaking, is a fascist. thanks in large part to the wisdom and foresight of the people who designed this country's institutions, the damage is restricted mostly to the fringes - in all likelihood, these people will pass into the history books and our core institutions will be frayed, but intact.
the way it's supposed to be, ideology (principles, not whime).

most people shouldn't be allowed to vote, since they use whims as their foundation.
meh...ron paul is pulling in people from both parties, and other parties, not something dean could do
if he's a libertarian first, being an xtian isn't that big of an issue. he knows the boundaries of his own yard. at least he better.
"oh, and you smoke crack."


you are very intelligent
  to a libertarians it is obvious that the government and the mass news media work as a team. not as independant entities.  i suppose 'freedom' of the press means appear to be doing what you're supposed to do, what you claim to be doing, while covertly being something completely different. 

not surprising that is exactly the way of the xtian pretard.
i tried 40 crisp 20's with no luck setting off store alarms. i guess this is false.
tobacco. 

money going to old farts who don't farm a single sq inch of field, just 'own' the subsidy. parasites living in nyc collecting cash every year. for what? libertarians will stop that shit right quick.
hold on a minute, i hear the big banks are circling the wagons. $100 billion dollar fund to bail out the mortgage dumbasses.
i don't particularly like rudy, but give the guy a break.  was he not supposed to answer the kids question?  he was laughing at the ludocrity of the situation.  
in a libertarian world, you can be a white supremacist. you can live as stupidly as you choose, in fact, as long as there are no victims (no assault, robbery, rape, murder, etc). outside of that, you can exclude any group of people from your property (home/business (not publicly owned/traded business)) that you choose to...(not in public spaces either). you see, that's shared space for citizens. ezpz.
you see xtian pretards have no concept of fact or justice

legality, to them, is whatever whim their pretard 'leaders' dictate. "they decided, it must be good".

it's why we have no justice system to speak of in america. just a collection of hysterically justified whims piled onto a few principles.

murder is a okay as long as an xtian sheeple decides to do it.
do tell us mr blonde, what perfect country do you come from?
&gt;the documentation must include descriptions of how the utility is going to reasonably limit exposure to em fields,

has there been any scientific study that has found harm from em fields?   15 years ago when the early studys were out it appeared they were a big deal, but afaik every full study has concluded the early study were no sceintific.   they found that there was a corrolation only because of sample bias - they noticed data that fit the expected results, once all data was examined no corrolation was found.

note that the quote i lifted is from colorado state guidelines, the federal guidlines don't have such a thing.  (or at least it isn't shown in the article)
 i know how to use the terms, i just don't get it right sometimes when im typing fast.

the shit only ever hits the fan, because of dumbass pretards like you waving flags and pretending to know all about things (eg god) you, in fact, know nothing about...hell you don't even bother living by the principles you attempt to dictate as your way of life!

you shits are a jerry springer audience. and way too big for you bitch britches.

im no opponent to global warming shithead. you see, im a smart person. it's gonna be good for somebody, whatever happens.

what im an opponent of, is stupid pretard shitheads, like you, trying to appoint yourself as 'savior'. when, in fact, you and your handlers are merely pretards.
i guess o'reilly missed the one about the vatican official soliciting gay sex... where's the outrage on that one bill? oh that's right... ratings. it's easier to bash sf than to address the hypocrisy of the religious community. what do you expect though... this coming from a man who supports a party full of hypocrites. 
very familiar. typical republican drivel. read it again--he did not say that.
sentiment appreciated, but do you realize that you didn't make sense?
 yeah, it suddenly hit me...the ultra fastidiousness, the ultra religion (used mainly as an excuse to abuse others....venom for everyone around her), the clickity clack of her high heels. her hatred of all men. and her kids.

she was so absorbed in producing a 'correct' image, rather than learning about herself and the world around her.

no sense of self, but a resolute determination to mimmick a perceived 'correct' image. hating it probably.

just like many of these politicians. 

a theory anyway, not like i didn't kick that cunt to the curb over 6 years ago. good riddance too!
yeah, the shaved head thing worked better than the misleading headline.
this is the best analysis of the industrial hemp debate i've seen yet. it clearly explains why gov. ahnuld vetoed hemp, and why north dakota is standing up for it. the bottom line is this crop helps farmers, helps the environment, and helps the economy. we need to change our antiquated federal laws. 
fireman get killed because they're stupid enough to go into burning buildings. cause somebody who isn't convinced them that's a heroic way of making a living. stupid people eat that shit up like cake and cookies.


none currently. ezpz
both have an agenda, and your response is typical of the problem with politics in general.  at least bush was honest when he said  "either your with us, or against us".
ironicly, this would be a vote against equal rights should you vote for mrs. clinton because she is female.  (there are of course valid reasons to vote for or against her)
oh, for pete's sake.

i hate it when people compare the current world political/media situation with nineteen eighty-four. it's made very clear in the book that the world is kept that way on purpose, by people with malicious intent who are very smart and know exactly what they are doing. whatever dystopia it is *we* are bowling towards will arise as a result of *incompetence*, anti-intellectualism and short-sighted greed.

nobody currently in charge of the world is intelligent enough to make 1984 a reality. more importantly, successfully avoiding 1984, as we seem to be doing for the time being, should not be construed as success. 1984 is merely the absolute worst it can possibly get. there are plenty of undesirable scenarios in between.
bill manages to be even more insufferable than the act up crowd.

he turns so sanctimonious towards the end it became simply painful to watch.  two people in silly dress are most definitely not "an invasion."

and for what it's worth, calling this "performance art" is an awfully charitable description.  it was two jackasses taking advantage of those who opened their doors to them.  it wasn't particularly daring, interesting or clever.
i co-own a house with four other people.

our property taxes are roughly four hundred a year.

not four hundred thousand.

just four hundred.

yes.  it's soooo hard for the poor to own a home.  and if we failed to pay, of course the government would *spend* thousands in fees just for the sake of evicting us, since that's just how evil they are.  they'd lose money just for the sake of screwing over their own citizens.

get a grip.  property taxes suck, but that rant of yours?  it has very little to do with reality.  try living in it for a bit rather than just reading paranoid rantings on the internet.
judging from the top tier candidates on both sides of the aisle, big oil is probably not too worried about this coming election.
&gt;of course the us is way too racist to let chinese buy big companies so they might have to do it through a british or canadian intermediary.

once again you show your ignorance and stupidity.

http://www.slate.com/id/2121095
seems reasonable to me.  what part of it is confusing?  is it that i'm talking about what you can do, and comparing it to what kucinich can do?  i guess i'm trying to say, the people of the us can make kucinich president if they believe they can.  if they say over and over that he doesn't have a chance, he can't win, and stuff like that, then he really doesn't have a chance.  what i'm trying to do is take a good [business principle](http://www.bizjournals.com/albany/stories/2002/09/02/smallb2.html) and apply it to group think.
here's the professor's "evidence".

"professor de bots said that for a relatively unknown candidate like senator paul to have so much prominence online was suspicious."
he has a point. the more "non-issues" fill up the media, the less of an impact "issues" have on people's voting. fox news bashed obama for a long time about the lapel pin. is that all you have on him? really? 
absolute ignorance is keeping hemp illegal. 
wtf?  why not link to [the original wsj article](http://online.wsj.com/article/sb119240951853158803.html?mod=opinion_main_review_and_outlooks), of which this is just a paraphrase.  it's more interesting, more informative, not much longer and actually names its sources.

what is this guy's contribution to the issue?  that he breaks the source article down into a few bullet points?
wtf? he didn't say "we should have kept the online poll" and the article doesn't imply anything like that. in fact, the whole article was him defending taking the poll down.
and he hasn't said a word of truth since.
what's bush got to do with this?

why do right-wingers always have to politicize science?
he is opposed to nafta and cafta because they are overly restrictive. they are managed trade, not free trade.
i didn't have nearly that many, but i did run a couple under 2 of the scanners we have in house, and neither of them saw any tags. we have 3 more units that are out on demo (one of which is very sensitive) and i'll see if i can snag them when the come back, but i'm not expecting to find anything.
this is international politics, not your furry-forum.  the turkish state would only lose in the long run by picking one "partner" and sticking with them.  "the west[sic] is no longer an option for them" if they don't value the huge trade boost that being part of the eu will bring, for example.  
you don’t have to make such a sacrifice, but if you have computer skills, can breach firewalls, routers and web site security then you could greatly assist the people of burma. by taking down official burmese government propaganda and posting pictures, information about the protests, information about the lies of the burmese junta, and news of the huge support being offered by the rest of the world - preferably in burmese - then you could help free the people from this terrible regime.
you are living in the same country that does not allow irs fighters to present a complete claim in federal court.  even to the point of a judge instructing a defendant to say nothing about the constitution in his court room...
does that even matter? if we were discussing *his* country then it would be relevant. 
&gt;"the other campaigns aren't worried that he'd win the primary. they just don't know who his supporters are and whose support he's taking away," smith adds. "his poll numbers aren't high now, but it's only october. and they could see him getting 10 percent of the vote here. if you get 10 percent of the vote in a crowded field, well, you might finish third." but the paulites are aiming for higher than third place. 

paul's supporters have understood a central tenet of politics: modest ambition is not a virtue.

sigh...

the environmentalist movement has built a case that either you agree with the ideas and agenda they put forth, or you are out to destroy the planet and mankind, that you are morally and ethically defunct, and are an unenlightened, uninformed buffoon.  and a shrill for oil/industry.  
i see no difference in the way argument is put forth by environmentalists than what bush does.  both use fear and propaganda to achieve their goals.  that your response implied that i'm a right winger amuses me, and indicates a thought process stunted by ideology and ignorance.  see them for what they are, isn't that what the environmentalists ask people to do to businesses?  can you not look at them with the same critical eye you do those you don't like?  whats that say of your core beliefs?



he is not a senator...
iran isn't a country full of extremists. in fact, it's one of the most progressive countries in the middle east.
while i believe al gore did **not** deserve the nobel peace prize, i think it's inevitable that global climate change will undoubtedly lead to conflicts around the globe. as that article states, ban ki-moon has already, correctly, attributed the conflict in darfur to climate change. 

conflicts over water and arable land will ensue in more places as increasing populations struggle to adapt to dwindling resources. it's all part of humans inability to really understand that all resources are finite and their are finite limits to how many humans, (or any other organisms), any region can support.
sure it matters, i'm curious as to where he is from.  knowledge is a wonderful thing, we should all be curious about the world around us.

for example, due to an earlier comment i now know you are in stockholm but you live in glasgow.

i'm curious where mrblonde lives - aren't you?
ron paul's supporters are also republican protest voters who don't necessarily agree with paul, and definitely don't want him to be president.  nonetheless, they're disgusted with the rest of the republican field and they don't think a republican can possibly win in 2008 anyway...
is the scientific consensus biased then?

yes- and forgive me if i *do* think that people who are funded by big business/oil companies to specifically lobby against the scientific consensus are "morally defunct".


poor ron paul, to have to attend the "values voters" convention in dc, where "death to arabs" and "dissidents to the camps" will be the watchwords, amidst hosannas to the apostle george.
 &gt;it's all part of humans inability to really understand that all resources are finite and their are finite limits to how many humans, (or any other organisms), any region can support.

this was described by malthus hundreds of years ago. and it has not happened yet.
can you make a falsifiable prediction about levels of population? as in can you show that the earth cannot sustain 1/5/10/100 billion people? 
no surprises there. hillary is a [neocon who is more hawkish than bill was](http://www.counterpunch.org/frank07252007.html)
no, not really. as you said, i'm from glasgow and if what you were saying were the case then i would be unable to offer my opinion on almost anything due to the past acts of the british empire. not that i identify myself as "british", but we were complacent even as a vassal of england. 
i can't even be curious as to where my fellow redditors reside?

that's your commandment?
try it this way. how many humans can an acre support? not how many humans can fit on an acre, but how many humans can get necessary food, water and shelter off an acre? now, how many arable acres, with adequate water are there in any given area, region, state, country or earth?
they're all idiots... except ron paul! he is true founding father material. 
my first reddit upvote! kucinich did a great job on the show. 

hopefully this will create some positive change for his campaign!
hopefully this will increase the chances of the u.s. ending its deleterious policy of subsidizing big businesses.
all that i have to say is wow.....

my philosophy teacher was talking about a preacher dressing up as a clown the other day...maybe he knew this guy?
malthus did those calculations. but that was before
1. skyscrapers
2. fertilizer
3. genetic engineering
4. delsalination
5...

i am not saying you are wrong i am just looking for evidence.
face the reality that there are people in the world who disagree.  if they are able to gain advantage by violence, they will.  if not, they will not.  the world is better served by a system where conflicts are settled nonviolently.  (violence is a large dead-weight loss.)
is there any *other* knowledge i'm not allowed to learn oh bravesirrobin?  only groupthink allowed huh?

sorry to have upset you with my quest for knowledge, i didn't realise you hate people finding out stuff so much.  
 &gt;that was before  2. fertilizer 

bingo! and where does modern non-organic fertilizer come from? and is that a finite resource? and what happens when the resource gets harder and more expensive to extract? and do we have any substitutes on the horizon that can support an ever expanding population? 
does it strike anyone as odd that humans have been living in africa longer than anywhere else and it is still such a bad place to live?
no one wants to hear any of this or try to be rational about rp stances.
if it can't be blown out of proportion to the nth degree, then why discuss it?
i have been trying to push your exact ideas forever and no one wants to hear it.
no one is interested in moderation....
stop with the bullshit. you wanted to know where he was from so that you could enact the standard ad-hominem defense. as i said already, it's completely irrelevant to the argument and needlessly distracts from the pursuit of knowledge that you seem to have a woody for. 
&gt;it's completely irrelevant to the argument 

yet him bringing up us transgressions from hundereds of years ago is somehow on topic?  

me asking what country he is from to point out that all countries have shitty histories to them is 'off topic'?

grow up, and stop with your constant whining.
 
why is this under politics?
what's the saying? most things that seem malicious are actually caused by incompetence?
fertilizer uses a lot of energy, as does desalination and loads of the things that separate our time from malthus's. unless we can increase our energy supply we do fall into the malthus trap. i believe we can. but we do not have much time left on the oil free ride.
it's a sad day when a war becomes completely political (and thus can be ignored by the bread and circus crowd). 
the movement doesn't allow for dissension.  there is no real difference, in the debate, between someone who questions how much influence man has on global warming and the company that pumps pollution into the atmosphere and ground.  there is very much a "end justify the means" attitude in the publications and articles i read.  for examples, just read reddit.  

i didn't ask you "is the scientific consensus biased then?"  i asked you if you can see the similarities in rhetoric, style and fear mongering that so many here claim to find so offensive from bush &amp; co.  from my first comment to now, i have and will maintain there is not much difference in how the arguments put forth by both are similar, only the underlying causes.  it's how modern politics work.  sad thing is too many fall into the trap of thinking those in power they agree with aren't doing it.  they are.

  
fat chance of that happening. of course it's funny how when you try to give children health care it's criticized as "socialism" by the same people who are so quick to dole out hundreds of billions in corporate welfare.

it's time to scrap the us farm bill and all the other corporate welfare programs big business has stolen from american taxpayers. 
what's getting ridiculous is the fact that i can start calling what jon is going to talk about. and making the same jokes myself. i've never been particularly witty, and jon used to find humor in things i never could. lately though, shit has gotten so ridiculous that jon's show could just be a bunch of video clips. we don't even need the commentary, that's how bad this shit has gotten. we all know the jokes before they come. what gets me is how no one, no one is getting angry.... still. how can you not be angry? 
every chief executive wants a line item veto. reagan made a big deal about wanting one.

this president makes me glad he doesn't have one.
this is absolutely terrific.  that's one hell of a brave woman right there.  
no comments here because the headline itself invoked godwin's law.  mensch.
of course big oil favors giuliani.  basically, the zero of 9/11 is a local politician, and there is no type of politician more corrupt.  you think dubya and dick are sell-outs -- under rudy, within two years we'd be calling ourselves the united states of exxon-mobile.
 i don't know about that.  if someone from england was writing a story in an british paper which was referring to america, they would still use their words to describe things.  they would still call an elevator a "lift", etc. 
the question really isn't how many people the earth can support, it's how many can it support at current consumption levels? i think it's a safe bet that almost all who are reading/participating on this forum are consuming resources at unsustainable levels. 
i think you're dissenting right now, so your starting premise is quite false.
the 'china threat theory' as the 'peoples daily' calls it.
when will the usa and its people wake up to the fact that it just does not control the world economy any longer.  
i they are not winging about the chinese,  it the european or the mexicans.
 
you guys will nit-pick anything that even remotely criticizes ron paul's infinite wisdom.  this was an editorial piece and his own opinion.  of course he's going to say that ron paul has no chance of winning, because it's the truth.  if a journalist said "the chances of mickey mouse winning a senate seat is zero", he wouldn't be biased.  a statement of reality is not a showing of bias.  almost every fact can be argued and therefore it would be impossible to write a piece completely objective.
&gt; on evidence. but it's not a court trial. you can just wait until it happens. duh.

so when you know with 90% certainty that you have to act, you won't do anything, because that is not enough? that's nuts.

&gt; why, are you wanting to try or something?

no idea how i implied that with my question. you are avoiding it.


[holbrooke's more hawkish inclinations showed on his farewell press conference as u.s. ambassador to the united nations on january 11, 2001. there he said, "iraq will be one of the major issues facing the incoming bush administration at the united nations." further, "saddam hussein's activities continue to be unacceptable and, in my view, dangerous to the region and, indeed, to the world, not only because he possesses the potential for weapons of mass destruction but because of the very nature of his regime. his willingness to be cruel internally is not unique in the world, but the combination of that and his willingness to export his problems makes him a clear and present danger at all times."[1]

on february 24, 2007 holbrooke delivered the democratic party's weekly radio address and called for "a new strategy in iraq", involving "a careful, phased redeployment of u.s. troops" and a "new diplomatic offensive in the gulf region to help stabilize iraq." ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_holbrooke)
but his show is called the "no spin" zone. it must be unbiased then right? i mean, if he says it, it must be true because he's on tv. right?
this is the kind of thing they give promotions for, not firings.
i was wondering the same thing.
one-party system here we come!
this is great news, i wonder what the anti-globalization folks will have to say about it.
i'm surprised he played along so well. sugar in his jacket pocket? win.
lol... no more than the 100's of blogs speaking out against bush are being oppressed.  i'm only chatting with you about it, not citing specifically who and what i think is wrong and misguided. i think that the tactics and methods used are wrong, despite the good they want to do.  

i also question the insistence of putting this in the classroom.  i've yet to see the ages of the children whom this is to be viewed by.  i feel very strongly that this has no place before high school, or even possibly the last year before graduation.  i think there are just far too many things that need to be learned and understood first.  
personally i would like to see the best men from both parties compete for the presidency because then even if your candidate loses you're not completely screwed. i don't have a choice either way since i'm not a us american though.
there is a difference between bush and overzealous environmentalists.

environmentalists aren't bugging your phones, reading your email, using covert torture, special renditions, etc. etc.

in any case, gore's movie was extremely faithful to the science.

it is perhaps unfortunate that gore's political background leaves him open to charges of politicization- but politics should be seen as a service to your country- it shouldn't necessarily taint everything you do in a subsequent career.
now we know why he treats every day like it's 9/11.
on november 5th, 2007, everyone must donate $100 to the ron paul campaign.  if you can't afford $100, then please donate the most that you are able to.  if you can afford more than $100, then go for it.  the founders pledged their life, their fortunes, and their sacred honor for this country, so all of us need to hurt a little in order to keep the republic.

this is really quite easy to understand and it will be the straw that breaks the neoconservative back and sets our people free!  if you were fortunate enough to have watched the movie "v for vendetta" then you know that november 5 is the most important day in the history of freedom.  if you have not seen the movie it would serve you to track it down and watch it.
 
we the people are taking our country back by doing a mass donation to the ron paul for president campaign on november 5, 2007.  we are all going to donate $100 each on november 5, 2007.  it takes money to play the game and your $100 donation on november 5 will make history.  your name will go down in history as a patriot who fought to save their country.
 
ron paul has over 50,000 active volunteers pounding the streets and donating money for the cause of freedom.  do the math.  we will take our country back on november 5, 2007.
 
here is where you need to go on november 5: https://www.ronpaul2008.com/donate/

why are u.s. taxpayers encouraged (if not forced) to share risk and cost to prop up entire industries, but prohibited from actually sharing benefits or profits?  is this how the "free market" works?
 leadup to this from last week:

http://rackjite.com/archives/690-stephen-colbert-checks-dennis-kucinichs-pockets.html

and video for kucinich's visit to the show that actually loads and plays:

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2385903434303956035 
i'm not young, have a memory like a steel trap, and am not easily fooled by words.
no sure, the media are controlled.  i'm just saying that being malleable is not really the point here, because if it was only about "good for the media" and not about control and ownership, then paul would be a better target than romeny (gotta love that spelling).
commentary on the current state of the republican party??? 
sources?

actually, let me rephrase me query: credible sources?
once you enter politics, it's very rare for someone to get back out.  and i do think much out what is going on with gore, his movie and all the accolades are very political.  as much as praising him and what he might of been as it is an indictment of bush and his policies. 

environmentalism has been a political issue for over 40 years now, even longer if you consider what teddy roosevelt was doing.  it's only been in the last 15 or so the tone has changed, the science has come to back up what some were claiming as fact, and the moral and ethical charges started being made in earnest.  it's long been a social/leftest cause, and hard science or no, i think many on the right are treating at just that, and with the rhetoric surrounding it, i can easily see how that decision is made.
why don't the americans simply withdraw from the geneva conventions and domestically legalize torture?

i'd rather they do that then continue to play these word games of what constitutes torture or not or whether they are pushing the acceptable limits.


 i used to think edwards was anti-war. but several times during reddit comment debates, i've done google searches for anti-war quotes. i find just as many pro-war quotes as anti-war quotes for edwards. so i'll still support him. but his anti-war stance is so recent that i'm worried it may be a calculated political position, not what he truly thinks.

he still says "all options are on the table" for iran. how can you say you would have voted differently for iraq, but be ready to roll into tehran?

i would vote for gore in a second. 
that would take some shoehorning. there's no mention of politics and no legitimate parrallel. pretty shady to try and make such a connection where none exists.
on november 5th, 2007, everyone must donate $100 to the ron paul campaign.  if you can't afford $100, then please donate the most that you are able to.  if you can afford more than $100, then go for it.  the founders pledged their life, their fortunes, and their sacred honor for this country, so all of us need to hurt a little in order to keep the republic.

this is really quite easy to understand and it will be the straw that breaks the neoconservative back and sets our people free!  if you were fortunate enough to have watched the movie "v for vendetta" then you know that november 5 is the most important day in the history of freedom.  if you have not seen the movie it would serve you to track it down and watch it.
 
we the people are taking our country back by doing a mass donation to the ron paul for president campaign on november 5, 2007.  we are all going to donate $100 each on november 5, 2007.  it takes money to play the game and your $100 donation on november 5 will make history.  your name will go down in history as a patriot who fought to save their country.
 
ron paul has over 50,000 active volunteers pounding the streets and donating money for the cause of freedom.  do the math.  we will take our country back on november 5, 2007.
 
here is where you need to go on november 5: https://www.ronpaul2008.com/donate/

i think that they feel that he may be a threat to this part of our constitution. whether or not that's true is debatable, surely. i just don't think it's a good idea to dismiss someone's opinions of importance because you feel yours are more so. 
yes, but you've offered no evidence that gore's movie distorted facts for political gain- when in fact there is plenty of evidence of republicans/big business manipulating science.
but if they make him a target, he gets talked about. if they ignore him, no one knows who he is.
gasp!
it was a joke about christian clowns... sorry to offend. anyway, i'm not sure why it's under politics either. seems like a strange place for it.
i've been to that museum. it's a powerful experience. we need to learn from history otherwise we are bound to make the same mistakes.
i agree that corporations are a problem right now, but i don't know where paul stands on it. i feel two things need to be fixed. the department of justice needs to be strengthened so they can ensure competition. and corporations shouldn't be allowed to contribute to politicians or parties.
i think you misunderstand what he's saying. he's saying he'll make fun of whatever stupid things any government is doing. he's being cynical when he says that voting a democratic candidate in is going to change that and is encouraging the voting public to find vote for an someone that would make his job tough.
just because all three branches went for it doesn't mean they should have, or that it was constitutionally valid. i agree that the civil rights act should be revoked and replaced with a valid constitutional option.  but you can't say you're in compliance just because you want to be.  what you've effectively done is thrown the constitution down the tube in favor of a warm and fuzzy set of "principles" that let you do whatever you want.
happens every election.  remember the "gay marriage referendum" in 2004?  just a ploy by right wingers to get all of those morality-addled conservatives into the voting booths. 
thats awesome, i love it when i can spend years in a country and someone who has never left their own can tell me about the world.

please, tell me about what its like in iraq right now, oh oh, and on mars.
see, if you dont kiss ron paul's ass you get downvoted.
cause there's no obvious tag on reddit?
but thats the rub, you see, anything that might offer as evidence contrary is rejected as the tool of the opposition.  and all of the evidence that it is happening is considered absolute and self fulfilling.  that manipulating science works both ways, and there are strong forces on both sides working to discredit the other.  nice catch-22 i've set to not answer, no?  

i didn't accuse gore specifically of it, i said the accolades and the hype around are.  i also gave my reasons for saying why.  nice try though.
12 out of how many? if its out of 200, that isn't statistically significant.
it's not like the us actually listens to what their trade agreement arbitration boards say.



you're setting up a straw man.

nobody is saying that we have a perfect understanding of the science- but we do have a scientific consensus which, if true, is extremely worrying.

if a scientist comes up with a big hole in the accepted dogma- then he/she can publish the results in a peer-reviewed journal and make his/her career.  science encourages people to challenge dogma.
and where did you get that number from? ohh wait, i know: your ass.
they savaged him for being a smoker, but then they got a memo that a lot of republicans like to smoke.
 &gt; "do we cover ron paul less than rudy giuliani, just as we cover dennis kucinich less than hillary clinton? obviously we do"

is the mainstream media really based on ideals such as freedom-of-the-press? what happens to a mainstream media editor when they do not express the "point of view of the paper"?    

 
the masses, when separated, are easier to control.
i get fed up by people who spout cynical bromides, like "all politicians are phony," or "washington is out of touch," because they're not helpful, but shit like this makes me want to scream them to the heavens.  jesustits, is there anything more annoying than all this fucking fake moral outrage?  is there *anyone* who really cares about the stuff congress pretends is important? 
certainly it source is mainstream, however, what do the owners of the six mainstream media corporations do when their "intellectual property" shows up on the internet out of their control?
*a streetcar named capital flight?* this reminds me of all the municipalities that spend gazillions of dollars on sports facilities that only benefit private corporations, who then, quite frequently leave for other venues after a few years or hold area inhabitants hostage to forever giving them larger and newer facilities. when will city managers learn that the only successful downtown makeovers come from making the area more desirable for a variety of small businesses?
did we really need an international trade board to tell us that farm subsidies are an idiotic and outdated wwii-era leftover policy that should have been scrapped decades ago?

it's too bad this affects only cotton, it would be nice rulings on corn, wheat, mohair, and the rest of them were to follow close behind.

i have one of these; it's published by the cato institute.  my grandfather gave it to me :)
describing him as someone "who basely splits his motherland and doesn’t even love his motherland" is a nice piece of pr work.  of course, it won't actually fly outside the prc, the only place that actually believes that china is the dalai lama's motherland.
since the largest market for hemp is paper production, its pretty obvious why these laws keep getting shot down

http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=marijuana+dupont&amp;btng=google+search  
why, yes, captain obvious, it is plain for all to see. 
http://www.hitwise.com/political-data-center/key-candidates.php 
hey, that is a great way to get publicity, especially when the american public needs a little laughter about now.
bravo, kucinich, and keep it up!  looks like he remembers bill clinton on arsenio hall.
true, i have to give you that one.
more info:
http://www.google.com/trends?q=ron+paul%2c+barack+obama%2c+hillary+clinton&amp;ctab=0&amp;geo=all&amp;date=2007&amp;sort=0
you're welcome!  let me know if they catch the predator on to catch a predator.
no, the press is in the business of making money.  the press is on their side, if you happen to be on their side, good for you.
&gt; yet him bringing up us transgressions from hundereds of years ago is somehow on topic?

em, look at the subject line. that **is** the topic.
i wouldn't begin to defend cheney.

the point is that the more faith you put in frontline the more misinformed you are.

"stfu"  brilliant comeback, did you learn that one at recess?
 thank you for getting this article the attention it deserves.

from the [wapo](http://reddit.com/info/5ydzc/comments/)

from the [nyt](http://reddit.com/info/5ydz0/comments/)

this is one of those stories where it would be nice to combine all of the submissions into one meme. i guess related is supposed to do that. 
i pretty much agree with you:
http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yd30/comments/c029gpf
so why would herbert sandler, who gave $2.5m to moveon.org, hire paul steiger, the editor of the wall street journal? seems like an odd pairing, given the tone of many wsj editorials.

glad if somebody is attempting to counter the murdoch machine, though. 
that was wonderful. i wonder if we could restructure our electoral process so that anyone has a chance at the presidency.
this link deserves  the top spot. 
what part of your quote implies only those running for president can be this "whore"?
look.... quite frankly cotton is one of the things that guarantees american jobs and american production of something at least (even if it's turned to clothing in china).

we should value something that we supply to the world like cotton. but, we don't need the government to subsidize it--we already have the most advanced ag techniques in the world, and dominate the cotton production.
which just means we will raise the import tariffs and make up the money that way. 
ahh, the 'make them look like kooks by calling them paulites, and disciples, because only tin hat wearing nutcase cult members believe in this guy' spin is in full force today...

you know, we're either ronbot paulite desciples, or we're 2 dorky blogger script kiddies who hack those silly polls.  thats all we are.
the subsidies made some sense when farms were owned by families. but when corporations own half of a state's farm land and can hedge their bets by growing in diverse regions simultaneously... there's certainly no reason for subsidies. oh well
i think that's prohibited by gatt.
i didn't imply democrats like clinton. i would vote democrat, and i detest her.

i was simply guessing that saxon is pro-bush and thus my analogy would have the most impact.

saxon clearly does not take this book on an allegorical level.
save us from writers that have to invoke tired, trite sports metaphors. save us from writers who let their enthusiasm for a mere political figure blind them to the realities of the fraud that is politics and political figures.
so now reuters, as published by yahoo, represents all of msm?

i always thought reuters was just one of many news syndication services.
i suggest you move into a cave.  because all you are going to see on tv is propaganda from one side or the other.  you think cnn is impartial?  you think msnbc or foxnews is impartial?  how about the discovery channel?  animal planet?  

everyone has a cause and everyone uses propaganda.  wtf you think a commercial is?

and dont talk about my value system when you yourself have decided that a news reporter's word is worth more than anyone else's, k?


... and to add to your list here is one from the guardian:

http://reddit.com/info/5yfe5/comments/
to start off i would like to say that i'm not exactly a ron paul supporter.  i like some of his ideas and others i just think are simply insane.  but i support what he represents, which is anything but what we are used to.
that being said, i was thinking about how every time they talk about him in "the polls" he is getting 1-2% and it made me wonder...  these polls are conducted by telephone mainly.  ron paul's support is widely due to a younger, internet based audience.  personally i do not even have a home phone and when i did i would not answer it for an unknown number.  so i guess my point is that all of the "scientific" polls conducted are based on the opinions of 50+ year-old, registered republican, housewives who are sitting around all day waiting for anyone to call so that they can tell them that they support rudy or mitt.  is there any surprise candidates like paul and kucinich arent showing numbers as high as we think?
lol..

[gatt](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_agreement_on_tariffs_and_trade) would also prohibit trade sanctions.  if anyone cared to pay attention to it.  of course, since it helped to establish the wto, which has no purpose, im sure no one cares.

in fact, with the wto, there really is no purpose for gatt. 
with all that talk about shrinking things, i was half expecting colbert to break into his reducto character from harvey birdman.
this is a serious issue.

ron paul needs to 1) make sure that line item veto is enacted
2)  remove the lobbiest power from congress

those two things would make his campaign complete.  (even though they aren't in the constitiution, how about an ammendment?)
i'm sure now that he has more connections and money he doesn't do this sort of thing any more... *eyeroll*
i find little to disagree with you about here.  i have been ambivalent for exactly the same reasons.  where is the backbone of these people?  growing a backbone 2 years ago is the best we can hope for in that crowd.

out of the whole bunch, gore is the real deal.  a fantasy beyond hope, it seems. then again, he recently released 3 campaign-style videos a couple of days ago:
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2007/10/15/11302/103  
why just the us?  why not canada?
i am not actually enthusiastic for al gore.  but i do believe he is a good man.  he also is a failure.

but, it would be nice if we could be saved from the apathy and distortions of those who believe politics is meaningless. 
but he is not tall enough to be president. &lt;/sad-truth&gt;

edit: since i'm being downvoted, let me clarify. i think it's extremely silly that people would judge a presidential candidate based on his height and look (for more on this, read the book 'blink' and take notice of the fact that the shortest president was james madison who was 5'6" in 1809). but these same people voted for george w "he could be your neighbor" bush, so i expect just as much. in a sane world, the 2008 election would be dennis kucinich vs ron paul. in our insane one, it will be hillary clinton vs rudy giuliani.
let see your argument in an example, in soviet days no one had a chance against stalin right?   so you would argue that media can only cover stalin, right?

what i read from your response (and the media executive's) is essentially contempt for the american people and their decision making.

i think you are fooling yourself to think that in a level playing field (as far as media is concern) ron paul would attract less that one percent of the conservative vote and guliani would get the majority.

sure if guliani's past is not examined and ron paul is presented as man with no chance, sooner or later that becomes the reality.

the more important fact is that elections are not about who wins rather the horse trading of ideas to build majority consensus. 

when you don't see ron paul's ideas discussed, it means he has no chance to effect the party's platform.  hence you are left with this nonsense that media loves to cover:

http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2007/10/15/when-mars-attacks-giulianis-ready/




reminded me of the mr. bean skit where he makes lunch on a park bench
i prefer to attribute them to malice.
colbert bump ftw
burying for unreadable headline
sorry, i didn't make my argument clear. 

the contention about global warming is not whether it is currently happening or not.  the overall climate of the world right now has been getting warmer for a few decades, that is 100% undeniable fact.  the issues that are under contention are whether the cause of the warming is man made, and whether we will continue to see an accelerated increase in temperature linked to our production of greenhouse gases.  

when i said that i cannot prove anything, what i should have said was that it is impossible to prove causality between the warming trend and man's influence.  

this is where statistics come in.  we can look at other evidence and draw conclusion.  for instance we have an unprecedented melt-off of the ice caps.  there are also weather patterns around the world which are more severe than the geological record would indicate for thousands of years.  the retreat of glaciers around the world to sizes not seen for millions of years.  

all of these things occur naturally.  it is the rate at which they are occuring that is cause for concern, they are happening on a timescale that is between 10 and 100 times faster than they have before.  if we compare these changes over the last hundred years or so to the increasing population and industrial activity of man then there is a 
very high statistical probability that we are in fact the prime cause of these changes.
so it seems perfectly logical i can bring up shit other countries have done too - or does having the other argument heard go against your 'groupthink'.

i'm sorry, i don't adhere to your form of opression mr bravesirrobin, i'd like to have all information available to everyone - not just what you personally pick and choose should be allowed to be heard.
can i hear you say, "monorail!" just look at the success of ogdenville and north haverbrook.
"morality-addled conservatives"

that is an interesting term and it must mean that the majority of america is the same way.
it's funny how the neo-cons supposedly take their moral guidance from a very old book, yet they consider the founding fathers obsolete. "the founding fathers didn't have to deal with nuclear weapons." yes, but the bible didn't have to deal with condoms and genetics either. where is the consistency?
your right, i am to a degree.  i guess my issue comes with the movement as a whole, not individuals within.  there are those on both sides that have much to gain by taking an extreme stance, and in doing so shut down alternatives that are workable.  i'm not trying to convince you that it's not happening, or even that the science is wrong.  i'm just saying that there is language and tactics used that are only beneficial to those that already believe.  

i'm about as green as they come, and of my peers, i have the lowest carbon footprint i know of.  some by choice, some by chance.  i don't buy into political parties or their particular brand of dogma anymore.  i don't like feeling used, and i don't like having my voice gain them power which most use for personal reasons, which is why most enter politics in the first place.
missing, stolen, same thing.
no...do not amend the constitution. amend the rules that congress works by. stop them tagging bills with amendments that don't even apply to the original bill. you want money for a pork barrel project...send a bill through and everyone can see and vote on it. don't pass horrible bills like the defense fund bill with a hate crimes amendment. that is ridiculous. you wouldn't need a line item veto.
just reading the title...still a crock that goracle got it.
 you are misreading what i wrote. i did not say that taxes would be $400,000, what i said was that you could lose a $400,000 piece of property over a miniscule amount of taxes. is that fair? should you lose the equity you have in the property just so the government can collect the taxes it is owed? how would you like to lose $400,000 over a $5,000 tax bill?? where i live, $5,000 a year in property taxes is on the low end, and i donot live in a wealthy area. and you also have not addressed the issue of the property tax laws having the effect of making it illegal for the poor to own property. do you think that is at all fair? some other means to be come up with to pay for local services that does not allow for the seizure of a persons land or goods. maybe if it happens to you one day, you will realize that it is far from a paranoid rant. it is something that happens to low income people and families every day in this "great" country of ours. 
illegals shouldn't get jack. no education. no health care. no schooling. nothing
&gt;&gt;" i wonder if we could restructure our electoral process so that anyone has a chance at the presidency."

anyone?  that would muddy the waters a tad eh?


be careful what you wish for. 
if it wasn't so obviously a setup it would be a lot better.
elevator shoes ftw!
&gt;paul's supporters have understood a central tenet of politics: modest ambition is not a virtue.

and fevered pursuit of the unattainable is no vice. 

shocker, ron paul supporters paraphrase goldwater. 
exactly. 
&gt; so when you know with 90% certainty that you have to act, you won't do anything, because that is not enough? that's nuts.

that's plenty. but what makes you think it's 90% certain?

&gt; no idea how i implied that with my question. you are avoiding it.

"destroying the earth" requires major physics. maybe something mars-sized nailing us dead on. no, we can't do that.

"destroying all life" requires something of that level too.

"destroying everything other than bacteria" is pretty damn tough too.

the only thing we're capable of doing is destroying the distinction between realism and ubermelodrama. and that's not even tough, you've managed it all by yourself.
um, this isn't something we need statistical methodology for.

if the man is right, there will be observable changes that require neither statistical rigor, nor fancy equipment. hell, coastlines will change, among other things.
same as its always been.
oh please. the democrats spit on what the founding fathers think as well. just look at the court system in the 50s where we started ignoring what the founders said in the constitution and ignoring previous precedent.
no offense taken, my response is really aimed more at the submitter, who i suspect may have been hoping to make just such a connection.
now if we could only get the democrats to flee as well. people like reid, pelosi and kennedy. maybe both parties could be swept clean and new people voted in that actually care about the constitution. 

nahhh....never happen.
&gt; state courts and governments are no strangers to bigotry.

but federal courts are bastions of enlightenment and wisdom.

&gt; his is an idiosyncratic interpretation, and a sometimes disturbing one, imo.

better than bush's spoken or hillary's carefully concealed "it's just a damned piece of paper!".
better then trying to ignore us like the rest of the msm.
duhhhh
president giuliani
dude, you nick is just gross...
sure, next thing you know... bam!  democracy!

would be total chaos...
nobody "vetoed health care for children".

you are funny, i would like to subscribe to your comedy magazine.
i don't necessarily think politics is meaningless. heck, following and complaining about american politics is something of a sport in and of itself for me. gore is representative of the problem. he's a fraud through and through. he's a liar and a hypocrite and he's smug about both those traits, because he knows few people will actually take the time to contrast his record with his rhetoric. 

why do you think "he's a good man"? i'm serious. what has he done other than self-promotion? if his concern for the environment is so great, how to explain his [mansion](http://www.snopes.com/politics/bush/house.asp) and his lifestyle?
&gt;and this being the granite state, the first primary state famous for its independent "live free or die" attitude, there's *chris lawless*, a 38-year-old software technician who's followed paul's career since 1988, when the obstetrician-turned-congressman ran for the white house as the libertarian party nominee.

sounds to me like the most bad-ass software technician around. 

anyways

&gt;and shades of mccain, too. the arizona senator raised $1 million in two days online in 2000 after beating bush in the new hampshire primary.

yeah, there's no doubt there is a huge amount of momentum created from doing that. hopefully the true paul campaign can get up there and kick inordinate amounts of ass, and pick it up. i know many are cynical of the idea of rp doing anything in real life (after all, his group of supporters is the lowest voting group) but i think he could pull of some jimmy carter style shit.

also, i know there are a lot of ron paul haters, but i must ask, while i agree no politician deserves a "don't recieve criticism" card, do you feel the other republican candidates are better? 

i thought we learned our lesson in the last two elections that the right criteria for picking a president is "how good would the person be as a *president*."

nope! i guess not.
won't happen.  republicans are hired obstructionists doing the bidding of the bush administration.  democrats have told us many times the only way we will have any progress is if we give them a 2/3 majority.
stupid of china to do this. nevertheless, the dalai lama and tibetan monks aren't saints either. it's not a well known fact, but if the monks go back into power they will institute a serfdom with the priests at the top and the peasants on the bottom. this was how it was before china gained control of tibet.
oh yeah, and the japanese have no ownership in the us!
people who want to continue secretly doing this sort of thing typically don't openly admit they did it in the past.
maybe, though this is the perfect wedge issue. republicans have been remarkably diciplined so far, but there are signs of a break, and this might be the issue to do it.
 good point. and whether you like em or hate em, the chinese government is here to stay (unless it collapses from inside) because with all the interdependence they've created for themselves with us and around the world, there's no way anyone will go to war with china any time soon. 

ultimately this is the key argument of people who believe in free trade: that it brings peace and stability. i think it's hard to dispute that, of course it may be at the price as meaningful american jobs. such is life! better than everyone having a good job again as they did in 1944 building the war machine, while thousands died, right? how far we've come
the problem is that the old and the housewives vote in droves, and the young are always mia on election day. the young need to vote for dr. paul to have a chance, because the tv that those home all day watch does not give him the time of day.
holy crap, don't you realize how close this nation came to being a smoking ruin when there was a nipple on tv?
wake up sheeple, [nipplegate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/super_bowl_xxxviii_halftime_show) was an inside job!
nope.  we have to vote democrat.  don't get any silly ideas about voting for third parties . . . you're pretty much killing sick infants without insurance if you do that.
so?
oh maaan we totally spaced and forgot to vote for magneto! 
i agree!  have some transparency and accountability in congress.  line item veto can be very dangerous....  although, sometimes it sounds good...
crucifix dildo!!!! haha 

ok, sorry i don't care who your are thats comedy and i had to get it out of my system, on a more serious note i love how someone on faux noise has the gall to perpetuate themselves as crusaders for fair media, it's sadly why a good chunk of the country has no idea what's going on in the world anymore, further more my grandmother loves o'reilly her and her friends think the the greatest thing since sliced jebus and if you can get the senior voters on your side, well then you get, well... america circa 2007.
 wow, the writers must be hating their jobs now.

wait, he likes money?  damn, so do we.  speaks articulately?  [does he use cutlery](http://mediamatters.org/items/200709210007)?  wait, he's not [*too* black](http://newsbusters.org/node/10912).  can we spin the not-black-enough thing? 
the article linked is bullshit! the fisa law contains no prohibitions against tapping calls between non-us citizens. none! they can tape them all without restriction. furthermore, there is a provision that allows for up to 72 hours of surveillance of us citizens without a warrant, in emergencies. so the authorities do not need to get a warrant first. repeat, fisa allows wiretapping without a warrant. they can get one retroactively three days later. andrew mccarthy is a liar and the national review lowers itself to the level of the national enquirer and the world weekly news that you get in the grocery story checkout line by publishing this. mccarthy says that “fisa was a bad idea from the start.” if he bothered to consult history he would learn that the fisa courts were set up because republican president richard nixon used the excuse of national security to spy on american citizens who disagreed with him, his famous “enemies list.” there is now evidence coming to light that pentagon and the justice department under bush used the same excuse to spy on american citizens who protested against the iraq war. this is the very thing that the fisa law was passed to prevent: an american president spying on us citizens using their constitutionally protected right of free speech and assembly to disagree with the government. andrew mccarthy would have us descend into andrew mccarthyism. voted down for bullshit.
  i didn't misread what you wrote, i gave you a real life example.  you know, that place where stuff actually *happens* instead of just being written about by hyperactive paranoids.

my friends and i are poor by any government standard, yet we own a house and have miniscule property taxes.  even if we didn't pay for awhile, it would take years before the cost of trying to seize our property and resell it would be worth more than the cost of our tax bill.  (which, honestly, we could pay by having a frigging *bake sale* if it came down to it)

and furthermore, what do the property taxes pay for?  our firetrucks.  our roads.  our police cars.  all the services that we, as homeowners with a city's limits, make use of or could have need of every day.  why the hell would i bitch and whine about *gasp* having to pay for such services.

what's the alternative?  being a freeloader?  using the city's streets and police and garbage service and more, not pay a cent, and then get upset when the city wants something in return?

yeah, *that* sounds rational. 

and finally, if you think our country is so sarcastically "great" - go elsewhere.  go find your libertarian paradise where there are no property taxes.  or hell, go *found* your glorious land of freedom where everyone only pays for police and fire services if they feel like doing so.  all you need is an island. but if you think you're going to change anything locally by saying "whaaaa, the government won't give me fire protection for free!" you really *are* delusional. 
that's pretty high. however, it's not a surprise. we haven't been given much reason to be satisfied, now have we?
it depends on which country you live in. in the us, it is these self-righteous religious bigots who have a considerable control on the several state governments and also at the federal level. till recently, these "moral majority" assholes pointed to gays as "child molesters"..this article (along with the several hundreds of other cases of priests and pastors and gop leaders involved in similar activities), clearly indicated the opposite...

that museum has finland listed as an axis power.  

just thought everyone should know.
ron paul sure isn't.
since i'm not american, i can't understand why they wouldn't pass this bill?

can someone explain to me (without any bias) the pros and cons of this bill and exactly why they won't push it through?
 i am not sacrificing rights for safety. prayer time is not dedicated to any god or religion. even if my child chooses to become an atheist, he can pull out something by an atheist philospher and read for 2 minutes. i don't care. 
because if you're trying to toe the line, at least you're *trying* to toe the line.

water boarding is a whole helluva lot better than just dunking someone's head in a swimming pool.
well, you might say that john marshall committed the first "activist" sin in the scotus by creating judicial review.

but, anyways, yeah, the democrats have been skirting constitutionalism ever since fdr discovered you could buy votes with new deal programs. 


stop. hit edit button. reverse.......stop. check spelling. check grammar. hit edit button again.
first of all, he does have a chance in the primaries, unless our method of "counting" ceases to exist.  secondly, when did having internet access become a right and not a privilege.  thirdly, anything the government controls, they tax.  are you prepared for that?  and finally, there are an estimated 1000 lobbyist for every politician in washington.  put the government in control of the internet and they will pass legislation legalizing the abuse by the corporations, the people who pay for their fancy drinks.  if you don't trust the corporations to be neutral then don't pay for their service.  quit thinking your "entitled" for these private companies to be fair to you.  stop funding them and they will go under.  have a nice day.
at least the indians have kickass casinos.
i'm sorry, but "intifada 3.0" is taking this tired cliche too far.  points to mwilkerson for not transliterating it here.
are you finnished?
ftpw (for the presidential win)
it was, in fact, intended to be hilarious. and i much prefer someone who follows the constitution to someone who follows "their gut". i am pretty sure hitlery will be taking a lot of advice from her tits.
makes me want to vote for him even more.
once reddit realizes this article isn't critical of israel it's going to be down-modded into obscurity.
idk, myyyy bff jill?
oooo a ashkenazty. i'm a dumb ass for rehashing this but a intellect for believing in the holocaust. lol
true.
google it.
to be honest, thats fair enough, some reporters are so aggressive its not even funny.

doesn't change my opinion that rush limbaugh is a fucktard.
why wait? the hole gets deeper and deeper with every passing day.
exactly.  the democrats completed screwed up the existing policy by redefining the terms to absurd definitions.

the democrats changed the bill so that families of four who make less than $82,600 a year will be eligible.  that number is 400% higher than the national poverty level.

they also changed the bill so that "children" meant people up to the age of 21.

so here is the question: do you want your tax dollars to pay for a 21 year old guy's health insurance when his family makes 400% more than the national poverty level?  it's absurd.

this is the democrats sneaky way of creeping in socialized health care.  it should have been vetoed and was vetoed.

of course, none of these facts matter to the bush hater's.  they conveniently spin it and say he "hates children".
it said "could be".
good point. if the mercs are outside the reach of the law, then, by definition, would they not be unlawful?    
"all that happens is that they share power and gradually become the same party "

that is why i asked for two parties, because we only have one atm. 

do you see what i did there?
leave your wife out of it.
yet another reason to vote for him.
where is the tipping point?  will the patriot act successfully prevent an impending outbreak of democracy?
    wow! i never would have expected that one. cuaght me completely off gaurd, that it did. 
"the democrats completed screwed up the existing policy by redefining the terms to absurd definitions."

that.
i'm not unbaised, but here's a try an unbiasedness:

the progam:

schip, state children's health insurance program. a partnership between federal and state governments (like medicare) where federal money is given to states to pass out as they please. more info at the wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_children's_health_insurance_program


the democratic stance:

the money goes overwhelmingly to help low income families insure their children. this is a good program. they have asked for more money to expand it.


the republican stance:

because the states can do what they want with the money, money goes to insuring families that live well over the poverty line, older children (up to age 26), etc... this is a step towards socialized medicine. it takes people out of private insurance and puts them on government rolls.


my rebuttle:

a) the states do what the want with the money. why are republicans suddenly trying to tell the states what to do?

b) the money overwhelmingly goes to needy children. there are some abberations, but i've yet to see stats that say even more than 10% of the money goes to those who aren't worthy.

c) insurance premiums differ by state and by individual dramatically. in states like new jersey (which has been a battleground on this issue), the cost of living is high. couple that with children with preexisting conditions (they are sick and will need a lot of treatment, and as such are bad business for insurers, who then charge higher premiums), it is certainly believable that a family making as much as $60k a year wouldn't be able to afford health insurance. it shouldn't be that way, but the us system is so fucked that it is.

so...how was that for an overview?
kind of, but not completely. 

while goldwater was okay, paul's voting record really is strict to the constitution. 
mr bush, this is the feel of the chinese  squeezing your nuts if you don't do what they tell you to do.

congratulations on letting them get their hand down your pants.
you couldn't be more wrong here. the states decide what the level is for insurance, not "the democrats" in congress.
i'm sure billary would gladly assist them as well.
i don't know what you are trying to achieve with word games. makes the discussion is pretty pointless.

&gt; that's plenty. but what makes you think it's 
90% certain?

those scientists who publish in peer reviewed journals. summarized in the ipcc report.

if it's possible to destroy the world or not is more a question of what you mean be 'destroying'. for me, it's enough if it makes survival at least difficult. i am not talking about pulverizing the planet. it's not the issue. and you said 'we couldn't destroy the world, we couldn't **even hurt its biosphere **if we really wanted'. well, we certainly can and do, and my question was what makes you think that we can not? you *still* did not answer it.



i am not sure why, but the idea that al gore has a mansion never disturbed me very much.  but on its face, it does prevent a challenge.  let's put aside gore's explanation that the house was in his family, that he purchases carbon offsets to diminish his carbon emissions, or that he has taken quite a number of steps to reduce the emissions created as a result of his house.

your point is that if he tore down the mansion and put in a more modest residence it would reduce the carbon emissions.  or if he moved to a more modest house, his personal carbon emissions would be reduced even if the overall emissions would remain constant.  and you're right on each count.

but you're assuming something that al gore does not.  you assume that he believes climate change can be solved by reducing our consumption or by private initiative.  while clearly, he believes climate change will be solved by government action, innovation, and free enterprise.  and he is doing what he can to get this process started and to keep it going.  al gore does not believe that we need to reduce the amount of power we consume, that we need to radically change our lifestyles, but that we need to reduce the amount of carbon emissions from the power we use, or when possible, use less.

al gore is not a hypocrite.  he just has different ideas about how to solve these problems.  as far as his own personal responsibility for his carbon footprint goes, he believes he must take what reasonable measures he can to reduce it.  that doesn't mean selling his family's mansion though.  you can quibble with the decision, and debate where he draws the line, but al gore is not a fraud or a hypocrite because he is not advocating for anyone else what he himself is not doing.

i think al gore is a good man because he handled defeat with dignity, because he appears to have principles that animate his thinking and public statements, because his judgment remained unbowed by the humiliation of the 2000 election loss, and because he was still willing to put himself out there and try to change the world for the better after this loss.
wouldn't that be a novel idea?  instead of only the elite of our country having an opportunity to run, it actually would be open to all eligible citizens...  how interesting...
"religion-stupored" ?
oh, by way of rebuttle, here's some myth busting for our uninformed friends:

http://www.familiesusa.org/resources/newsroom/press-releases/2007-press-releases/new-series-chip-ing-away-at.html

http://www.familiesusa.org/resources/newsroom/press-releases/2007-press-releases/second-in-the-series.html

this isn't socialized medicine and this isn't "changing definitions." get it right, please.
 all this is just printed money with nothing behind it but bs. bernanke just created tons of digidollars for the new bank super fund.   
cite please?
he wasn't until our current president expanded the powers of the presidency...  let's hope our next president can return the intended honor and scope of the office...
reagan got elected thanks in part to the biggest non-issue ever concocted:  the so-called "anti-abortion movement".  a brilliant scheme to get the working class to vote for republicans.
 don't forget, this man bankrupted a major american city all because he was trying to keep a campaign promise. it was a financial disaster not seen since the great depression.

kucinich was also listed among the ten worst big-city mayors of all time for reasons of temperament and performance in the book, "best and worst of the big-city leaders 1820–1993".

but hey, he carries a constitution in his pocket, so he's gonna be awesome running the country. right?
i for one haven't totally given up on al gore, but i see the possibility of him running is getting close to 0%. anything but hillary though (that is - anyone else democrat or ron paul).
  i found [an interesting article on the subject](http://media.www.nineronline.com/media/storage/paper971/news/2004/03/03/undefinedsection/is.presidential.race.a.simple.matter.of.standing.tall-2007183.shtml) from the 2004 campaign. apparently, the taller candidate wins most of the time, but it's not definite. in 72, 76, 2000, and 2004 the shorter candidate ended up in the white house.  
ha ha.

is frankenstein's monster getting out of control?  you created her.  you weren't trying to disown her when she was pushing for more racial profiling.  or when she was blaming the new york times for everything wrong in the media.  don't blame the "left" that she's now become more dangerous to you than to them.
lets not forget the palestinians. for 60 years they've been hounded and slaughtered by the jews because the jews stole everything they had. seems to me the palestinians should be the injured party but alas, jews always are. oy vey we are so persecuted.
please.  you couldn't be more naive here.  

the state of new york wants to make people who make up to $83,000 a year eligible for the coverage (400% above the poverty level).  you think the democrats don't know this?  it's still absurd.  

and who is to say that states don't turn around in the next two years and change the number to $100,000 or $150,000.

you can try to spin it anyway you want.  it's socialized health care version 0.1 beta.
http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/media_nm.php?lang=en&amp;moduleid=10005177&amp;mediaid=348

a strange map considering that the website here says;

&gt;finland fought with germany against the soviet union but did not sign the tripartite pact and was not technically part of the axis alliance

http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/article.php?moduleid=10005177

which makes you wonder?  if finland wasn't part of the axis (which is wasn't) why lump it in with all the rest eh?

i mention this "finnish question" just to point out ignorance of finlands own struggle during ww2.  really they were fighting their own war against russia in 1940 - seperate from definitions of 'axis' and 'allied'.

food for thought!


lets not forget the palestinians. for 60 years they've been hounded and slaughtered by the jews because the jews stole everything they had. seems to me the palestinians should be the injured party but alas, jews always are. oy vey we are so persecuted.
&gt;i think al gore is a good man because he handled defeat with dignity,

i've always wondered about that. it seemed like he capitulated easily and fast by not asking for a full fl recount. but, i'm not quibbling. you answered my q on why you think he's a good man, and i'll leave that part alone. 

but, i can't make sense of this sentence.

&gt;al gore does not believe that we need to reduce the amount of power we consume, that we need to radically change our lifestyles, but that we need to reduce the amount of carbon emissions from the power we use, or when possible, use less.

which is it? reduce, use less? same thing. if gore truly doesn't beleive we need to reduce consumption, then he utterly misses the point of much of what he claims to know and support. and, in case you missed the [memo](http://www.tennesseepolicy.org/main/article.php?article_id=367) al's film and books have called for americans to reduce power consumption. a walk he's not willing to walk.


i lived in new york. do you understand how high the cost of living is? if i, say, had a heart problem, i might not be able to afford insurance, even on an 80k salary. so what's your point?
sigh, time to convert my assets to gold.
see, i don't share the average redditor's atheism and loathing of christianity (not that i'm christian myself, oh no), but this is pretty frickin' nasty. 

it really disturbs me that a potential power for getting people to seriously tackle the real questions of life, which is what religion is supposed to be about, is pretty much always turned into a means for political gain, a social ruse, or, worse, a method for getting close to children.

seriously, what is it about priests and pastors and little kids? there's got to be a lesson in this pattern somewhere. 
well we're not going to get anywhere.  you obviously are all for socialized health care.  i'm not.  that's just the difference.
mr. zhang also said, "i know of no shame."
for the logically impaired redditors:

veto of bill != veto of "healthcare for children"
then say what you mean. if you're using the word "destroy" when you mean nothing really like it, you're using emotionally charged words to overstate the case.

&gt; and you said 'we couldn't destroy the world, we couldn't *even hurt its biosphere *if we really wanted'.

life as a whole would survive on earth, likely even if we were to use the most devastating nuclear weapons ever conceived, let alone built. we could no sooner make this planet lifeless than you could sprout wings out of your ass and fly away.
his performance was fantastic, kucinich is definitely charismatic.

i only wish colbert had had him stay for the rest of the show and actually talk politics/the race.  

i'm concerned that this appearance will cement k's position as the "short funny guy" in the race, when he's really saying the things that many americans are thinking.
kucinich isn't just an honest and caring politician -- he's a fun and unpretentious guy!

i have no idea why he's not more popular. he's miles above the other democrats in terms of his grasp of policy. his health care bill is especially good!

kucinich all the way, he deserves to be prez.
 wtf!??!

you mean you should tax industries that are actually earning foreign dollars, and subsidise industries that are worthless?!? 

if cotton can be made cheaper elsewhere, why would you encourage production at home?
well, yes, socialized healthcare would be good. but schip isn't socialized healthcare. this program has been around for 10+ years. it's nothing new.
"couple of phone calls" you despicably lazy amerikan!
how so? he met with the dalia lama?
now just imagine they all voted in the next election!
sigh. why am i feeding a troll?

agree.  in her attempt to promote the right wing republicans, she does nothing but give them a black eye.  she hurts the republicans more than she helps them. 
downmod a valid point because you are stupid and i'll paste it again.

for the logically impaired redditors:

veto of bill != veto of "healthcare for children"
yet another place where people should carefully consider [principle #4](http://www.harrybrowne.org/articles/principlesofgovernment.htm):

&gt; every government program will be more expensive and more expansive than anything you had in mind when you proposed it. it will be applied in all sorts of ways you never dreamed of.
&gt;
&gt; when medicare was initially passed in 1965, the politicians projected its cost in 1992 to be $3 billion — which is equivalent to $12 billion when adjusted for inflation to 1992 dollars. the actual cost in 1992 was $110 billion — nine times as much.
&gt;
&gt; and when medicare was enacted, section 1801 of the original law specifically prohibited any bureaucratic interference with the practice of medicine. today not one word of that protection still applies. the federal government owns the health-care industry lock, stock, and barrel.
&gt;
&gt; the new program you support will eventually include all sorts of powers and privileges you can't even imagine right now.
 
correct me if i'm wrong but since when did it become the thing to make the news, instead of reporting it?
that would put you into the "bigot" category. i am sure you don't want to be there.
dupe.
because, it cannot be made cheaper elsewhere when you considering environmental degradation (although i won't even go there).

but it's also worth encouraging production at home because it creates jobs and guarantees that, in the event that foreign supplies dry up, we still have domestic supplies.

i do not believe in subsidies, however.
not a troll. this may come as a shock, but just because someone doesn't agree with you doesn't make them a troll.
are you suggesting that dr. paul is a "sociopath"?
 i strongly agree with china on this issue.  

any individual that threatens the unity of their country either politically or militarily is an enemy of china.  if we consider ourselves allies with china it is important that we respect their wishes.  we would like the same from them if they were going to give an award to some religious figure who was trying to get a state to secede from the union so that he could lead it.  especially if that person commanded sizeable support within the country.   
coulter serves an important function for the right: she defines the extreme. that's pretty powerful -- by saying the things she moves the right farther right and makes moderates appear left-leaning. this isn't just her doing this; it only works because people give her rantings a patina of legitimacy.
  oh, of course not... why would you think that? 
why do you like this commie?!

he wants to ban handguns and have strict gun control. and abolish the death penalty.

that's so stupid. he's a commie pig. who wants to have a leader that would create a police state?
isn't he from tibet? isn't that apart of china?
several reasons:  first, this is not the responsibility of the federal government.   second, it gives government control over personal issues anything government controls they tend to abuse at some time.  (of course anything can be abused, but when it is government doing the abusing you have no option to get out)
yes, and all three of them are reasonably tall: 5'11", 5'10", 5'11.
the same applies to the world of business, were statistically the taller guys get the management positions (their average height is much higher than the non-managerial workforce).
in all these cases it's opinion vs. opinion. i've started to take a step towards not forming one until i have a study in front of me with a statistical analysis of a program. i like to call this empiricism. applying scientific techniques to government.
for the logically impaired redditors:

explain how the vetoing of one bill is equivalent to depriving all children in the usa of all forms of healthcare.
that's not the issue. you do not need to agree with me (to not be labeled a troll). but you are constantly avoiding my question and split hairs.

my sentence was poorly phrased - my excuse is that i'm typing quickly while at work.  what i intended to say was that al gore believes we need to reduce power consumption by taking reasonable measures in our personal life, but mainly, primarily, by reducing the amount of carbon emissions from the power we use and reducing the amount of power it takes to power our lifestyles.

he is not asking anyone to be a monk, or even to live modestly.  he believes public policy, capitalism, and innovation will be the answer.  and he is doing everything he can to affect these three areas: by promoting awareness, by investing in carbon offsets which are a capitalist way of rewarding innovation and other means of reducing emissions.
pretty good, thanks! i still don't understand the mentality of americans who *defend* this system!  why is socialized medicine so bad?  i guess you have to be american to understand americans (and even then it seems most american redditer's can't understand their fellow citizens).
&gt; i agree no politician deserves a "don't recieve criticism" card, do you feel the other republican candidates are better?

ron paul is the best of a bad lot of candidates for *libertarians*.  for everyone else, he's poison.  socialists and liberals have better dark horses in the other parties, and most republicans are either neo-cons or nascar dimwits who consider him a traitor.


but isn't this different than a state seceding?  tibet was independent before china took over it, correct? now it wants that independence back. it's different with the us. even though there were independent colonies from the getgo, i don't think this is the same as states seceding.  
for the logic impaired jcache, the headline did not say bush is depriving all children in the usa of all forms of healthcare. it simply said he vetoed healthcare for children. which he did.
well, the founding fathers never had to deal with 9/11.  it changed everything like the space time continuum.
they control the dollar at this point.
agreed with that, though things like this are hard to do. here's one for starters:

http://www.familiesusa.org/assets/pdfs/chip-kids-waiting.pdf

not from an unbaised source, but i couldn't find fault with their methods.
 don't forget haircuts, though that was more like four months ago. 

oh, and middle names.
yes, intersting information.  thank you.  the written article seems to accurately describe the situation and the associated map could certainly be better notated to differenciate between finland and the tripartite signees but this, to me, seems to be an issue of clarity rather than accuracy.
read closer, according to this story he is up to 3% overall, and 4% in nh.   there is also plenty of time to improve those numbers.

not that is matters, most people are not fully comitted, so even if they answer someone, they may not have thought hard about it.  so there is a good chance many will change their mind latter on.   

note that those who have spent money on other canidates, or helped in a campaign are fully commited.   most people have not done either.   most people haven't thought about it much, but will think about it in the next few months.
 nope.  he vetoed a healthcare bill that was child-related.  he did not "veto healthcare for children".

look up at the headline and read it until it sinks in.

you fail once again. 
after they (china) invaded, raped, pillaged, etc. yes.
you got that right!  redditers are definitely not mainstream in america.
i've seen the argument that they *were* a rather unegalitarian society, but why would they return to that?

edit:  they just seem too involved in the international community for the world to let that happen.
actually, i favor him over the others for not only his stance on various issues, but his conviction to stand up for it.
it is not his 'motherland'. he was born in a free tibet. 
i thought it was pretty hilarious, but i *was* a bit disappointed that it was just an act. i was hoping colbert would be really interviewing kucinich, and also giving him a chance to plug his upcoming book.
hmm, error editing post... 

i forgot to add: there are about 10 people running (others could announce, and someone could withdraw, so exact numbers are uncalled for at this time).  25% could be enough for a landslide victory, and it is believable that 15% could be enough to win.  

more importantly, those who don't at least do well in early primaries are likely to drop out long before the end, meaning that people in states with latter primaries will be forced to come up with a new canidate (and not all will go for the anointed person of their previous canidate).   also those in latter states will look at who has support, real support in early states can pull numbers along in latter states.  

remember we are speculating about something 3 months from now.
shenanigans. richardson says *nothing* about the legal basis for this action. this seems to be nothing more than a publicity stunt and an abuse of the legal system. 





c'mon, all of reddit is angry.

if you have a job and a nice life, protesting on the street is pretty unappealing.  i mean, with over 70 high-def channels, who has time to protest?
i still don't understand how someone can consume that many pills of oxycotin and still be that enraged.
good overview definitely.  as for your rebuttal, i have a comment or two:

1) why does the federal government need to pay for health care, especially that of rich children?  if the states need more money to support their health care programs, couldn't *they* raise taxes?

2) why is throwing more money at overpriced health care going to fix the system?  

here's my health care system synopsis, and schip doesn't do anything to fix anything but spend more money:

the problem with the system is that the government is mandating prices (through medicare), states are mandating coverage that people don't want, the government is giving tax breaks to big business to provide health care and not to individuals and small businesses, and that litigation is out of control (in my opinion, among other things).  if the government can't even figure out what chads are out of the ballots in an election and can't do anything about an education system that is falling behind, whyt *would* you want them running your healthcare, telling doctors how to treat people, and mandating prices (which is the easiest way to destroy innovation?)  the only sectors of health care that prices have fallen in that i am aware of recently are lasik eye surgery and plastic surgery... both elective measures that insurance doesn't cover.  competition = better quality and lower prices.  there is no competition in health care right now.
you can read,  can't you?  and comprehend?
let's make it really simple. al gore may end up being right, though i doubt this. in several decades time, or maybe a century, he will have been shown to be right. coastlines will change, weather and temperature will change undeniably, glaciers and icecaps will be gone.

until that happens, claiming that he's right is slighyly premature.
 a lot of people are scared of "socialized medicine" or "universal healthcare" or any variation of those, because we've had bad experiences with government agencies. normally they don't care to fill needs, they are staffed with unmotivated people, there's always long lines, and they're not that cheap in the end. this is apparent with our departments of motor vehicles and post offices. on the other hand, in the private sector, we have companies like walmart that provide ever-increasing services and drive down the overall cost of goods. 

and to top that all off, our government is bankrupt already, without giving our health system over to it.
a family of four that makes $82,000 a year is far from rich in this country. not even upper-middle-class. 

it means a family that has two working parents who are each making about $40,000 a year, not an extravagant salary at all. it means the family has two kids and are probably trying to send them to college for four years, where tuition prices have been rising steadily. that 21 year old guy isn't going to have insurance except through dad's insurance provider, and if dad gets laid off, he's fucked.

i don't know. you can make an argument against it, but i don't really see why laws that will give citizens medicine and visits to the doctors office are being shot down like blackhawk helicopters, while laws that will send citizens to be shot or blown up thousands of miles from their families are a-okay.
wait... ayatollah has a picture of... ayatollah in the ayatollah office? geez. i'm glad i have a fully functional at-least-average-sized penis.

http://news.yahoo.com/photo/071016/photos_wl_afp/7e98b78661a0744e21bcbf631b75cf26;_ylt=au._34d_pmakln0s.tquy8kgorgf


 indeed.  and, as usual, someone hits wikipedia to utilize half the story:

&gt;"perhaps more important, clevelanders were starting to believe kucinich had been right about muny light, especially after members of a congressional staff concluded, in 1980, that the default had been politically motivated. history was about to be rewritten by the loser.

&gt;in 1993, then-cleveland mayor michael white cited kucinich's "wisdom" in not selling the utility, and in 1998 the council honored the deposed mayor for having the "courage and foresight" to stand up to the banks. the utility, now known as cleveland public power, provides low-cost electricity that saved the city an estimated $195 million between 1985 and 1995. one of the new buildings in its expanded plant is named for kucinich."

[la times via commondreams](http://www.commondreams.org/headlines04/0123-04.htm) 
i agree with the overall problem. this bill doesn't fix the system. the fix you're proposing...well...it doesn't work. but that's a different conversation.

as for point #1, this is a myth. the government isn't paying for healthcare for rich children. define rich? there are some people who make a fair amount of money who still can't afford healthcare (owing to their cost of living, preexisting conditions, etc...). so, how is the government insuring them an issue?
security letters are not new. this has been happening fo years...

down voted.
  the point is that everyone in the country ends up subsidizing people to live in places they can't afford, like new york.  

normally, people would move from really really expensive places, like nyc, to places where it is cheaper to live. programs like this interfere with that, and ny prices rise even further.
well, then, it's a good thing the country is already bankrupted.
i never wanted to say rp was the best candidate for all. i was just saying, even with many liberal grievances against him, is he not better than rudy or mitt?
you act like we're getting graded on this stuff? i can always 'get' the point even through the typos. you can't?
i'm not totally mesmerized by him, but i don't really see the insult.

unless there are "guilianites" and "clintonites".

okay, i get it...
am i the only one that thinks doing aggressive investigative journalism of aggressive investigative journalists is a completely appropriate response?

i'm not sure how knowing where the investigative journalists' children go to school helps out him as a hypocrite, though.

so your solution to the cost of healthcare is to tell people to live in the country? umm...what?
  if you can't afford health insurance when living in new york city, then yes, you would be better off living somewhere where you could afford it.

is that so unreasonable? i moved out of new jersey for that exact reason. it isn't so hard. 

here's another unintended side effect. right now, you need to make $x per year to raise a child. the new schip bill passes, let's say now you only need $x-$8,000 to raise a child. people are going to start having children at lower salaries, subsidized by people who waited until they could afford it. 
in the 19th century canada had very few incidents where there were organized masacres on the scale experienced in the united states. first canada didn't exist until 1867.  secondly the conflicts with the indians in the last third of the century were by no means as severe as the early 19th century.  essentially by the time the canadian west was being settled the indians had already lost the war so there was no need to follow the tenets of total war practiced earlier in the century by the americans.    
i think you give him far too much credit in the intelligence department...
the 1980's called, they want their rhetoric back.
the headline makes it seem to be something that it is not. 
well, this points to a larger issue. people should be insured. the fact that they can't get insurance in cities is a problem. this bill doesn't fix that problem, you're right. still, it's not very american to drive people out of cities when they become parents because they can't afford insurance. why not make insurance, i don't know...affordable?
 more self delusion, collateral damage, and straight-up lying.

do other not-exactly-heterosexual people out there feel this guy is dragging other not-exactly-heterosexual people along for this nasty ride? or do you think others know this guy is a social-crook, messed in the head, and subsequently lost any ability he has or had to influence?  
1954 called, it wants its rhetoric back.
a more accurate predictor is www.intrade.com  it's a prediction market where people bet on who's going to win. right now ron paul is at 7.3% chance of winning the primary and a 3.5% chance of becoming our next president. keep in mind these numbers are chance of winning and not expected percentage of votes received.
oh, i'm all for making insurance cheaper. but i don't think there's anything fundamentally wrong or un-american with a certain area being more expensive than some people can afford.
&gt;it means a family that has two working parents who are each making about $40,000 a year, not an extravagant salary at all. it means the family has two kids and are probably trying to send them to college for four years, where tuition prices have been rising steadily. that 21 year old guy isn't going to have insurance except through dad's insurance provider, and if dad gets laid off, he's fucked.

first of all, it doesn't necessarily mean both parents are working.  

how about this plausible scenario.  daddy works a job making $80,000 a year while his wife sits home and watches oprah all day and his 16 year old daughter and 18 year old son do nothing but go to high school during the day and talk on their motorola razors all night long.  

i'm not paying for these people.  it's (i'll say it again) absurd.  and i'm definitely not letting the democrats raise my taxes so i can pay for these types of people.  

finally, and i must ask this, what is the appropriate age for "children" to start working now in the united states?  shouldn't this 21 year old have a job at this point?  possibly a job with benefits so that i don't have to pay for his ear ache due to excessive talking on his motorola razor?  


   i'm not american, but i can understand the sentiment of those who would not want this.  it has nothing to do with not allowing poor children to have health care and everything to do with having a deep mistrust of the government.  frankly, considering the people they have in power, i can't help but agree with those who oppose the bill.


this comment explains it well:

http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yf38/comments/c029ivs

 
edit: this isn't unique to americans either.  i'm canadian and we saw this happen with the gun registry.  it was projected to initially cost $100 million, but  later reviews showed it cost $2 billion.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_registry  
zomg!1!!1!  it's funny because it's *true*! lolz
i don't think said family exists. the one where daddy makes 80k, mommy stays at home, kids have razrs, etc...

point to a family like this that is in the schip program. i doubt you can find one...
*man*, he's good.
the dalai lama has stated explicitly that he would not return to the previous tibetan governmental architecture, which was not shangri-la but worked fine for their culture, which was isolated and emphasized the buddhist teachings. there were in almost every point of government a lay position and a monastic one, because they needed to balance the government with the massive monastic community, which was a significant percentage of the population.

the main problems with this is that it is bad for buddhism, with many people joining the sangha for the sake of personal advancement. the lay civil servants were taken primarily from the landowner class.

as near as i can tell from his writings, the dalai lama now advocates a social democracy in tibet.
to some, that's like asking who's the best candidate in the white nationalist or communist party.

i registered republican solely to vote for ron paul, but even i'm wary of "dr. no" as president.  at best, it would (like reagan's hypothetical "alien menace") force democrats and republicans to work together.  at worst, it would be four years of complete gridlock.

for hardcore liberals and socialists, besides his anti-war stance, paul is probably *worse* than many of the other republicans.

ah, reduce power consumption, but not to the point that it's inconvenient to a lifestyle based on consumptive capitalism. i actually *hope* that's not gore's message. because if it is, the situation is far worse than even i thought. 

have you seen this [consumer consequences quiz](http://sustainability.publicradio.org/consumerconsequences/)
it'll take maybe 20-30 minutes to complete honestly. how many earth's do you think we'd need if we all lived gore's lifestyle? purchasing carbon offsets may work to assuage yuppie guilt, or make pr headlines, but the system can't work if *everybody* did that.
2007 called, it wants its... wait a minute.
schip is plain fucked, i'm sorry.  it's an unfair tax.  bush is vetoing it for corrupt reasons but that doesn't make the bill itself any less unfair.

i think the pro schip faction has turned this issue into a "don't you love the little children?!" argument and it's not.  i think this is the first time since bush has come into office that i am actually supporting something he's doing.

something like this should be put into place but the burden should be on everyone.  not just one section of society.
lol. i am far too young to be married.
&gt; because, it cannot be made cheaper elsewhere when you considering environmental degradation (although i won't even go there).

the way to deal with this is to tax transportation, not artificially manipulating the prices of individual products. if environmental damage is the reason for your subsidies - which it isn't, but let's not go there, either - then the subsidies should apply to all domestically-produced products. container ships carrying dvd players &amp; cars cause the same environmental impact as container ships carrying cotton &amp; corn.

&gt; but it's also worth encouraging production at home because it creates jobs ...

if you're using subsidies to encourage production then you're doing that with taxation. the money that pays for that taxation is raised by other industries which are globally-competitive and profitable. 
gotta learn to keep that kind of boundless optimism under control, it's the only way to maintain sanity.
so in other words, the only way to prevent the vile, untrustworthy republicans from gaining too much power is to vote republican?

sounds like the same logic the nra uses. 
tried that already. maybe i'm not that "good at google" ? everything i can find involves the jews getting slaughtered rather than slaughtering.

so... sources?
&gt;how do you address the bias ...

["hello bias"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/problem_of_other_minds)
well, i would think that moderates and liberals would enjoy the fact he probably won't attack iran, will seek a way to get us out of iraq, will stop condoning torture and resotre habeas corpus.

i don't think he can overturn abortion. i don't know if he could switch us to the gold standard. i don't know if he could just "do away" with executive agencies. i think he would use the veto a lot, which is overriden. 

i don't think "complete gridlock" is a bad thing. we could have used it from 2001-2006. 
i can only upmod once, so:

bravo!



tibet is not china and never was china, but soon it may as well be china because of the massive government sponsored  migration of han chinese into tibet.

china's claims on tibet are nonsense. prior to the invasion in 1949, tibet was a sovereign country with its own government, history, language, and culture.
&gt;clarity rather than accuracy.

i think it's clear that the holocaust museum is being rather *innaccurate* with their description of finland being part of 'axis' forces, in any manner.


 you're furious? yeah, well we're not too thrilled about the lead in all of our kids' toys. so how's about we agree to disagree on this one...ok, zhang?
why are ron paul supporters referred to as disciples in the headline?  are they intentionally trying to draw a parallel with some sort of cult?  why aren't clinton or giuliani supporters described in this manner?
well, carter was a pretty weak looking president in the face of iran and shit. 

(personally, i like carter. best *person* we've ever had in office)

anyways, i can't believe so many democrats didn't get the message in 06 they don't need to play these bullshit games anymore. 
&gt;what is the appropriate age for "children" to start working now in the united states? shouldn't this 21 year old have a job at this point? possibly a job with benefits

insurance covers dependents as long as they are enrolled in a university. and most families are sending kids off to college today. the majority of americans at the age of 21 will not have a full-time job with benefits. for one thing, to *get* the jobs with benefits, you often have to have a degree. so if the son is on his third year at the university and dad loses his job, he has no insurance. 

you're basically imagining a hypothetical family and then attacking them to make your point, which i don't think is a great arguing technique. 

i'm not talking about the super-rich. just trying to communicate to you that the average middle-class family has a lot more pressure on it than may be apparent from the suvs and trips to starbucks.
okay, i'll do it for you:

"stanislav yevgrafovich petrov (russian: станислав евграфович петров) (born c. 1939) is a retired russian strategic rocket forces lieutenant colonel who, on september 26, 1983, deviated from standard soviet doctrine by positively identifying a missile attack warning as a false alarm.[citation needed] this decision, according to several sources, was a major factor in preventing an accidental retaliatory nuclear attack on the united states. investigation of the satellite warning system later confirmed that the system had been malfunctioning." - wikipedia
seems to me like a good occasion to consider why our government is so pathetically ineffective.
right. it's more like iraq politely asking the us if it can govern itself.
 wow, dude.  you're an idiot.  first of all, the days of getting a good union job at 18 and raising a family on that income are over.  second of all, the upscale blue-collar suburban lifestyle you see on "according to jim" doesn't really exist.  

in real america, both parents slave away at wal mart for $6.00 an hour with no benefits, and they are glad to get it.  the credit cards they use to buy groceries at 800% interest will never be paid off.

the solution is better/more progressive employment laws like europe has enacted, and programs that help young people go to college!!    
thanks!
let me help you guys visualize this.  stack a million dollars five feet high.  hundreds, twenties, ones, whatever just so that the stack is five feet hight.  8 miles above the top of your stack is the top of the stack of money that's "missing" in iraq. 

[vanity fair is not the first to cover this issue, btw.] 
i wasn't referring to the co2 emissions associated with shipping so much as the loss of rain forest, etc.
some people are, perhaps understandably, concerned with setting up a socialized medicine program that will provide benefits to illegal immigrants. 

(i don't agree, personally, but it's a valid concern.)
who in the democratic party fits the progressive notion?

this election goes back to the old canard, that we have a party of bad ideas (republican) and no ideas (democrat).

rudy and mitt are so gung-ho about torture and the wot and bullshit, it's rather sickening. take mitt "i want to double guantanamo". what the fuck does that even mean? he's so eager to act tough, that's he spouting bullshit. wouldn't doubling guantanmo mean giving the prisoners more space? 

and then hillary and obama. i know hillary is in the lead... and obama is behind her. but what the fuck do they stand for. jeezum crow, this is some fucked shit. 
"dupes"
wow, trying to apply rational thought to government? good luck with *that*.
of course the massacres are gonna be smaller in canada because the population levels are lower!  what you seem to be saying is that canada took advantage of massacres by others.  how noble of them!
&gt; the result is a major victory for brazil's cotton industry

and an even bigger defeat for brazil's consumers.  trade sanctions are going to hurt anyone in brazil who buys us exports.
i like him, too.

you can thank bush 41 for the reason carter was "weak-looking in the face of iran".

http://www.consortiumnews.com/archive/xfile10.html

 
   i've mentioned this before, but i think liberals and socialists can be happy with a ron paul presidency.  he's one of the few candidates that will work to shrink the cruft that's invaded every part of the federal government.  wouldn't it be sweet to start some socialist reforms on top of a balanced budget and reduced national debt?  democrats by and large won't do anything meaningful to reduce the useless spending and bureaucracy that even socialists must admit is nothing but wasteful profiteering for the most part.

plus, if we can get away from our focus on a more socialist federal government and focus more on our individual states, we might end up with the reforms we want anyway.  states can accomplish everything the federal government can, and it's easier for you and i to have an influence :)
also a good point. i grew up in an area where there are now quite a lot of families that fit his description. they live in mcmansions and drive unnecessarily enormous vehicles to go to the corner store. these people would never "degrade" themselves to the point of using public health care. fuck, they don't even use the public swimming pool.
&gt;insurance covers dependents as long as they are enrolled in a university. and most families are sending kids off to college today. the majority of americans at the age of 21 will not have a full-time job with benefits. for one thing, to get the jobs with benefits, you often have to have a degree. so if the son is on his third year at the university and dad loses his job, he has no insurance.

i'm not sure what you are trying to communicate here.  it sounds like you think the bill should have been extended to 23 or 24 years old so all college students would be covered as well.  or maybe we should just up it to 30 for all those poor students who are in medical school.

&gt;just trying to communicate to you that the average middle-class family has a lot more pressure on it than may be apparent from the suvs and trips to starbucks.

yes, i'm quite aware of that.  but that doesn't mean i want my tax dollars to go towards these people.  maybe they should ditch the suv for a honda and scrap the starbucks all together to save a few bucks.  

i know this comes off as not having a heart but enough is enough in the us.  their is a handout around every corner that's coming out of all of our pockets.
so you believe everything you read. fine.

please don't think you have to subject us all to the same garbage.
that's just the point dude.  the bill was vetoed otherwise we would have said families reaping the benefits of the schip program.
if the united states was the only industrialized liberal democracy on earth, i'd agree with your reasoning. 

as it stands, all the us has to do is look at the successful universal health care systems in just about every other industrialized country and put together a system that combines the best elements of those various systems.

incidentally, by "successful" i mean better at providing universal, comprehensive coverage and better at containing costs.

the problem in the us is that it is not a democracy by any meaningful definition of the term. what is "politically feasible" in the us is constrained by what the various business sectors can agree to support. 

that's straightforward corporatism; the public hand-wringing of the bought priesthood and various sock puppets is mere propaganda to lend a veneer to the false assumption that americans would rather be free to die horribly in some drawn-out but treatable disease than pool some of their considerable resources on a humane program to invest in a public good.
&gt;they also changed the bill so that "children" meant people up to the age of 21.

i thought it was 25 or 26?
what else is new around here?  

just pushing our agendas.  pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
sometimes you need a publicity stunt to compel people into action.
   $6 an hour? we were just talking about families making $80k a year. nice misdirection, but somehow you got voted up for it. nobody is talking about removing s-chip for families making $6 an hour, or $13k a year. 
o'reilly's relevance as a commentator is blown all out of proportion.
i've never gotten lewis black.

how does yelling something make it funny?
 i would love to have it, but the problem for me is that we are no longer just americans in america and it'll just keep growing.  it's money right out of my pocket to pay for people that i have no ties with, people who are in the country illegally.  upwards of 20 million here, maybe more.  plus their children.
so you didn't bother to read the article then?

the whole thing is a transcript of limbaugh demonstrating his willingness to intimidate journalists.
truman claimed the steel seizure was necessary for the war effort (korea).  
apparently you didn't read the article either.
partially because msm reporters worry they're going to look unserious by reporting on paul, thus it's a preemptive apology.

as for clinton and guiliani, they don't have supporters any more than paper and plastic bags at the grocery store have supporters.  people just impassionately pick from the few choices the media offers.
well, those people will care about the people they know, but they won't care so much about those they rule over.  unless you're talking about *only* giving people power over other people they know well, something i could probably get behind :)

and i'm good, richard.  how about you?
&gt;i'm not sure what you are trying to communicate here. it sounds like you think the bill should have been extended to 23 or 24 years old so all college students would be covered as well. or maybe we should just up it to 30 for all those poor students who are in medical school.

you *are* covered by your parents' insurance if you're in college at 23 or 24. that's not an issue. the government-provided coverage would be for people who *don't* go to college or who have some catastrophe befall them. your original point, though, was that all 21 year olds should have a job with benefits "at this point", which is statement that belies ignorance. an overwhelming majority of 21 year olds *don't* have jobs with benefits, and even if you think they should, it's not a reasonable expectation, because it just doesn't happen nowadays. 

&gt;their is a handout around every corner that's coming out of all of our pockets.

no, there isn't. most of your tax dollars are going to [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_budget_of_the_united_states), by the way, not to greedy suburbanites.  
wow, balls.  and i agree, publicity is needed, so balls.
here's some.
bolshevik jews, stalin's enforcers

ukrainian holocausttryzb, ukrainian holocaust, tryzb, in 1932-33 over seven million ukrainians perished in a forced famine by the kremlin.  this holocaust was meant to force ...
www.skrobach.com/ukrhol.htm 

remembering ukraine's unknown holocaust while the world is by now fully aware of the destruction of europe's jews by the nazis, the story of the numerically larger holocaust in ukraine has been ...
www.faminegenocide.com/resources/unknown.html

 ukrainian holocaust - wikipedia, the free encyclopediaukrainian holocaust is a term used by some (mostly ukrainian [citation needed]) historians to refer to the holodomor, a 1932–33 famine and a major national ...
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_holocaust

 'ukraine's holocaust' slowly acknowledged (the globe and mail)'ukraine's holocaust' slowly acknowledged by mark mackinnon (the globe and mail) monday, september 22, 2003. stepantsy, ukraine -- olga skoba's memories of ...
www.ukemonde.com/genocide/ukraineholocaust.html  
 

   
true. i always vote and have no land-line.
perhaps because it's advantageous to their class? 
&gt;as near as i can tell from his writings, the dalai lama now advocates a social democracy in tibet

my guess is any deposed autocrat will use democracy as a way to regain power.
&gt;the subsidies made some sense when farms were owned by families.

no, not even then. if your intent is to transfer wealth from consumers to farmers, do so explicitly, not by hiding it within bad economic theory.
the advantage for isps in striking net neutrality regulations is that they can get web based companies to pay more for better quality of service. that's the main source of revenue. internet price will actually go down slightly for home users, but they'll get drastically reduced qos.

do most people in america know about net neutrality? by eliminating net neutrality, regular users are only a fraction of the profit; corporations pull most of it in. and net-neutrality-savvy users are only a fraction of the total users. there's just not enough money involved for users to sway the policy of an isp by themselves.

yes, it would be cheaper. but that's not really the issue.
i have to say that i completely disagree, even though i am quite socialist myself.  one big difference between ron paul and the other candidates is that he believes in limiting the power of the executive branch.  for example, he has said time and time again that if the question of war ever came up, he would go with what congress says.

our current administration acts like the house and senate are just pesky flies that need to be swatted away while they run our country, but i don't believe that ron paul would have the same attitude.  the thing that he will provide is a level head for deciding what is actually neccesary and what is not.  he won't give the bullshit propoganda answers to why he has vetoed a bill that gwb does, he will give specific points that actually point out the problems that those spending bills have.

believe me when i say that i truly am a socialist at heart, but i realize that our government is so broken that any attempt to set up a more socialist system with what we have now will not have the solid foundation needed to flourish in the future.  we need to tear down the old house before we can start building a new one.
that the wto is evil.

free-marketeers will say the wto *and* the subsidies are evil.
i doubt it will help much. most people don't know any good candidates to vote for. yeah, i know there are some good candidates, but most people don't read reddit so they don't know of them.
do you have a girl friend?
a billion dollars is nothing on a global scale.
i'm not voting republican. however, i am very happy that rp is doing so well. at the very least, he is pulling the republicans back to where they belong. not as a christian fundamentalist fear-mongering fiscally irresponsible party, but to a libertarian, fiscally conservative party that focuses on the individual, and the welfare of the union. -if republicans can represent something sane and democrats can as well (by not electing hillary), then we might be able to work out some of this country's problems.
i was simply explaining why one wouldn't support this bill, not why you should vote republican.  the republicans have demonstrated their ability to have a bloated, corrupt government with unfulfillable promises.

i totally disagree, it is not a clear inaccuracy.  finland cooperated, coordinated, and participated in the invasion of russia, one of the allies.  so i find it at best debatable whether finland can be referred to simply as part part of the "axis alliance".  regardless, the article explicitly states "finland fought with germany against the soviet union but did not sign the tripartite pact and was not technically part of the axis alliance."  you can't get to the map without either reading or skipping that text. lastly, the map is consistent in that it also identifies the other non-signatory german allies as axis powers (see hungary for example).  so obviously the intent of the map is to indicate all german allies, not signatory nations.  

my summary of the issue you raise is this: boo-hoo for finland that a map now shows them as being part of the axis alliance.  as popeye would say, "thems the chanskes you takes."

that's a little too personal for a reddit thread.
look at john edwards. they guy has tons of progressive ideas. he's a good guy getting the shaft for being a white male in the wrong place at the wrong time.
&gt;people that i have no ties with

i guess being human doesn't count, huh.
nobody cares because he has no chance to win?  does he have a chance to change the parties platform?

it is interesting that to you politics and football games are alike!  i am sure this is what the founding fathers had in mind whey they wrote the constitution.

again, this is soviet style journalism.  pravda, the soviet union's main newspaper, didn't cover the dissident, because they never had a chance against comrade stalin.  what is the point of covering them and making the heroic citizen of soviet union listen to a loser.  


an interesting story is that in soviet time, a bunch of journalist came for visit to us.  at the end a reporter asked them for their reflections.   one of them replied, for us to get instill our ideology we have to send people to work camp, in us you can achieve the same result without camps!


that depends on whether brazil was a net exporter of cotton even with the subsidies. 

since the us isn't the sole supplier of cotton, and because the us price is subsidized, it is reasonable to expect some other country would be the marginal producer of cotton.  as such they would determine the world supply-price.

if i am correct, then the only difference will be a change in the distribution of who supplies cotton, e.g., us supplies less, brazil supplies more, and the world price varies only negligibly due to the change.
he..doesn't have enough...experience

*fox news orgasm
you redditors are a cynical bunch. 
uh, if that's true, why did more than 1/3 of the republicans in the senate vote for this bill? they don't need any senate votes at all - just a few house votes.
&gt;see, i don't share the average redditor's atheism and loathing of christianity (not that i'm christian myself, oh no), but this is pretty frickin' nasty.

of course it is.  it's disgusting.

but because you don't have the average redditor's godly-like following of atheism, you may be able to see what the real motives are for posting these types of stories.  it's all a way to build up their case against the church.  

child abuse is far far worse in the public schools compared to the church.  the [statistics](http://www.cpiu.us/statistics.php?name=) are astonishing.  

yet you will never see one story on reddit about child abuse in the schools.  what you will have the privilege to read is every single story about a sick priest, molesting some kid, that can be found.  

i grow tired of reading the same stories day in and day out that push the same ideology day in and day out.  

all i ask of the people of reddit is next time you see a story that has to do with pedophiles in the schools, vote it up.  the next time you see a story where a religion other than christianity does something stupid, vote it up.  christian's, believe it or not, are not the end all of bad guys out there.  so stop voting like they are.
wow. you really don't understand how schip works, do you.


all countries should have their unity threatened. it keeps them thinking up good reasons to hang together. a country bound together by force will spring apart the moment the bindings slip.
well, i'm sure i don't need to mention the presidential candidate that would veto such corporate welfare bills...
here's one for a clinton supporter like yourself.
when bill clinton was accused of fathering a black child he replied "me? can't be, i had a bout with the mumps when i was a teen that left me sterile.

enter chelsea.
its been around the web for years (google that) her biological father is webster hubble.
don't laugh, remember bill's sterile.
pull up images of hubble and chelsea and you'll see a resemblance, especially around that mouth. don't know if it's true only a dna can show that and that we know will never happen.
i don't think i've ever heard a rational
socialist before.

you are to be congratulated.
voted up for being one of the only other people on reddit who seems to have actually researched the bill.
the correct response is to say "thank you, this will be included in the story."  i don't understand why people let themselves be intimidated so easily.  and if they came after my kids, i'd beat the fucking hell out of them.
&gt;participated in the invasion of russia

that 'russia' was the finland they had stolen from them in during the winter war.

russian much?

furthermore you now seem to be quoting my quotes?  for what purpose?

finland was not part of the war that occurred between russia/france/uk/us + axis.  the 'winter war' and 'continuation war' were completley different - but you seem ignorant of this?  i'm curious as to why?  didn't they teach that in your textbooks in school?  sheep.

 
&gt; because it's something you want, you'd throw principle out the window.

that's where you're getting confused. i don't *want* any particular philosophy. i *want* whatever would be best for america. if, in some situations, i have to relinquish my treasured political theory then yes, i'm willing to do that.

there's a schism between the ideal and reality. ideally, i'd love the federal government to stick to foreign relations and defense. realistically, our country is so heavily reliant on the federal government right now that indiscriminately shearing away whole sections would have unintended consequences. i see net neutrality as a foundation for free speech, and in our own best interests, i want it to be protected.
that is only true if you agree with bush about health care:

&gt;no one goes without health care in america. after all, you just go to an emergency room.
did someone already mention how hot his wife is?
that's all you got man?  that's all you came in here to say.  

that's exactly how it works.  it's upping the ante and pushing towards socialized health care.
i'm just dreading the inevitible [daisy ad](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-5211534004053733195), though instead of inciting fear of a us strike, it'll be fear of a terrorist attack.
no he can't win, but romney could lose.
&gt;in real america, both parents slave away at wal mart for $6.00 an hour with no benefits, and they are glad to get it. the credit cards they use to buy groceries at 800% interest will never be paid off.

that is the most inane statement i've ever heard.  what the hell do you know about real america?  what are you a pollster?  do you travel the nation speaking to people from town to town?  i can't imagine you being able to see real american's when you are so high up on your horse that you can just call others who disagree with you on one political issue an "idiot".

one thing is for sure, real americans wouldn't put up with your nonsense.
dude, have you ever really looked at ron paul's voting record?   he talks a great game... and then wholeheartedly supports every little nightmare bush visits upon our country.  (which makes him essentially indistinguisable from sen. clinton.)
if by "bankrupted" you mean "saved the city hundreds of millions of dollars in a plan that actually took care of the city's needs for decades", then yes, we didn't forget.


i have advocated approval voting, where you can vote for as many candidates as you approve of. that way your second and third choices would be reflected as well. if you voted for all candidates it would be as if you chose not to vote for any of them.

other people have said that more elaborate forms of voting such as a ranked runoff would work much better.


somewhat...from what i can decipher you don't like people who served in the military because we all pander to the nwo?
&gt;he votes based on what he thinks the governments role should be in most cases, and not what he believes about abortion.

which explains his 0% rating by naral, right? because he so not pro-life in his voting.

face it. he's not the big fan of liberty that you guys think he is. you're projecting.
both groups.  not the best phrasing, i'll admit.  perhaps it'd be more clear in lojban. :o)
i guess i have to address you point-by-point.
&gt; first of all, he does have a chance in the primaries, unless our method of "counting" ceases to exist.

i hope you're right.
&gt; secondly, when did having internet access become a right and not a privilege.

please learn what [net neutrality](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/network_neutrality) is and try again.
&gt; thirdly, anything the government controls, they tax. are you prepared for that?

with a few exceptions, i'm anti-federalist. i'd like most government programs to be cut back. if this happened, i'm sure we could have a nice tax cut and still enough money left over to support *some* federal programs.
&gt; put the government in control of the internet and they will pass legislation legalizing the abuse by the corporations, the people who pay for their fancy drinks.

they are in control, and this hasn't happened. again, please understand what you're arguing about.
i'd love to have the discussion as to why it doesn't work, let's hear it!

number 1 certainly is not a myth.  the government is paying for it... well i guess its a myth if you acknowledge that therefore the people of other cities and states are paying for health care for those that "can't afford it," minus the government waste and corruption and at the threat of breaking the law.

the government being the insurer is a massive issue because it wastes money at an unprecedented scale, can never do any task at the quality of a private institution, bureaucrats cannot make decisions about scientific fields but they are... etc.

taking money from one person and giving it to another (through government) "owing to their cost of living" is quite a statement... how do you defend that?
so you can't find a girl friend to put up with you. must be a geek.
she's also 31 years younger than he is, making him more than twice her age.

dalai lama, al gore, mother teresa, ...

nobel prize winner bashing month?
i also think we should restore the powers of the presidency back to the fraction of what it is today.
no balls. he won't show even if they can get an order.
nope.  it is true because it is true.

veto bill != veto healthcare for children.
downmod just because i want to see you paste it again.
you are aware at this point, the post office is a privately-owned enterprise?
$2300 is extremely cheap chump change compared to how much fuel a hillary win would give to fox to comment on for the next 4-8 years.
 &gt; for the logically impaired redditors:

actually, as you rage against all the readers of this thread for being "illogical", know that we're all wondering what happened to your common sense.

most everybody understands that the headline is referring to bush's veto of the schip bill, and that within the limited confines of the reddit headline field, sometimes tradeoffs and approximations must be made in the interest of getting the headline to fit and be readable.
 
he was a powerless figurehead before the chinese came in, then the priests gave him power to deal with the situation.  he agreed with the communist's stated goals and welcomed china into tibet, but did not feel that they lived up to their word in social equality.  the chinese grabbed more power/control of tibet than he agreed to by forcing tibettan envoys to china to sign a treaty they were not authorized to sign.  now, he would like tibetans to have more say in how their region is governed and impacted by development.  that's about it in a nutshell. 
national wrestling organization? well that too.

no, in general, i don't like military mindsets. given that, it always proclaims to be a 'savior' and never lives up to it's own standards and 'values' and pretends to know all about things (eg god) that they, in fact, know nothing about.

if all soldiers just put a bullet in their own heads simultaneously, there would be no more problem.

the point being, you manufacture the very 'danger' you claim to protect 'us' from.

not that a lot of soldiers don't get caught up in all that bullshit in their youth and realize (too late) that isn't really a sane thing to do.

too bad more don't take a look around every organization they happen to belong to, at the various 'predatory' personalities especially in those that attempt to 'lead'.

so it's not so much people who have served as it is people who enjoy 'serving' (costing) and who view what they do (murdering) as honorable.

believe me, if their were a true need, soldiers will emerge to combat it.

in the meantime, the one's who are 'into' that whole totalitarian delusional mindset should be kept in cages.
it's not of himself but of his predecessor.
who will build bridges for the poor and disadvantaged?
especially after the cia encouraged dalai lama to have his people rebel against the prc but then stood back and didn't provide support/assistance.
well, let's stay specific then and talk about government and healthcare. medicare wastes less money on overhead than private insurance does. (fact here: http://healthypolicy.typepad.com/blog/2006/01/medicare_vs_pri.html)

so, where's the waste?
ok, now we have reached the root of the issue.  you want to argue about finland not being part of wwii etc.  is this right?  well guess what, it doesn't work that way.  finland chose to fight in cooperation with nazi germany during world war ii.  they may have been somewhat or wholly justified in doing so, but either way they did it. it is a fact that you can't explain away by citing finland's names for the war(s). it is a complex situation given the prior russia vs. finland conflict but that does nothing to change what happened.  finland chose to follow "the enemy of my enemy is my friend" doctrine.  so did the us, why else were we allies with russia?  but do we say the russia wasn't really a member of the allies, that we knew all along that there was a separate fight to be had with communism.  no, again it doesn't work that way.  i'm sorry you're so upset about finland and all but criticizing the holocaust museum under the guise of seemingly questioning their credibility isn't helping your cause any. 
oh, so you are a whiny smoker?

you could, ya know, quit smoking.
these were my thoughts also, but i chose not to say anything as pretty much everyone was commenting on how funny he was, so apparently it worked well enough.
is there enough pussy power in the universe to elevate that hysterical blathering excuse for a human being into an opportunity for further disparagement of the top office of this nation?
it just might the last nail in the 'coffin'.
  when you hire retards, they like to follow. in issues not relating to their pretend knowledge of god. (not leaders)  you know things that require real facts and study and thinking and all that hard stuff. well beyond how to operate a flush toilet.

israel knows this (they think we're cattle according to one of their 'holy' books).
   "headline to be intentional hyperbole" would be a better guess.  don't write false headlines and i won't call you on them.  it's pretty simple.  misleading and false "approximations" aren't ever innocent around here. 

how is this for saying it in as many words?  and not misleading/mendacious.

only 13 more votes are needed to override bush's veto of the schip bill.  contact your legislators.

that would be too easy, aye?  might even give you credibility instead of making you look like a little partisan.
i've gone back and downmodded all your comments on this thread for commenting on the article with a criticism based on a separate agenda.
&gt;who in the democratic party fits the progressive notion?

kucinich.

those are not conservative visions. they are fascist nightmares.
so... when will bush meet with the native leaders to arrange the creation of the united tribes of america?

just because you repeat it a hundred times, doesn't make what you say true.

schip stands for state children's **health** insurance program.  vetoing the bill expanding health insurance for children, actually does take health insurance away from children so they can go to the doctor and get *healthcare*, which logically follows, so the title is true.
remember when the chinese wanted to buy an oil company?

probably not.
so?
this is what we call projection... all this is already happening... under bush.
  nope.  it doesn't give them additional healthcare.  fail.

not approving an increase != a decrease. 

if you don't get a raise at your job but you get the same pay as you always have are you having money taken away from your salary?  i think not. you didn't get a raise.  that is all.

what can one expect from somebody that can't properly count to 100?
i'm critisizing the holocaust museum because they are innacurate in their view of history, as are you.

it would do you good to look into russia's actions during ww2, you might wake up a little and realise you've been lied to growing up.
so exactly how are we going to afford this?

oh that's right. print more money which then increases the inflation whereby the poor (who this bill supposedly helps) pays higher prices for their necessities.
do bother, it's a foreign effort offering perspective about what they think, that isn't derived and handed to us by our own mass media (frauds).
no, the shortest president was fdr who was in a wheelchair.  not only was he in a wheelchair, he whipped the nazis and pulled us out of an economic catastrophe all the while eating pretzels without even once choking.  take that, dubyah.

we can handle a short president, especially given that, despite his diminutive size, kucinich's the only one with a spine to stand up to thugs.
free speech is an 'agenda' now? 
the reddit 'sociopath' craze ended something like three months ago when people realized it looks stupid to use clinical diagnoses as name-calling at people who just disagree with your politics.
&gt; i am a palestinian. i work at the us holocaust museum.

traitor!
the point still remains that some say in the government is better than no say in the government.

&gt; now, he would like tibetans to have more say in how their region is governed and impacted by development.

he wasn't too concerned about that before the chinese took power, even by what you've just said. so really it took someone to shake things up before change would occur. funny that someone was the chinese. now he says he wants democracy over returning to the previous government, a government he knows was not viewed favorably enough by foreigners.
&gt;"the west[sic] is no longer an option for them" if they don't value the huge trade boost that being part of the eu will bring, for example.

turkey can trade with china and russia just as well as they can trade with the west. it's not like they make so much stuff that they need to export to both markets. either market could absorb all their exports. 

you are right. it's not a furry forum. turkey knows now without a doubt that the west has no interest in helping them. it will take from them what it can and fuck them in the ass when it suits them.

it's an abusive relationship and they need to get out of it. 
really? and iraq is just a pissant little country with an army you installed. certainly not a korea or a china.
i take it you have never served in the military in any capacity. since you haven't, i don't understand how you 'know' we're all a bunch of hypocritical christians who think we are going to be the saviors of humanity. 

if all soldiers put a bullet in their heads, they'd have to issue a draft. then your faggot ass might actually have to pick up a rifle and learn something---if they can catch you between here and mexico. but don't worry,  if too many objectors make it out they can just drop the legal age to serve and snap up your little brothers and sisters and send them to die. better them than you, right?

i have never met a person who "loves" being in iraq (in an infantry capacity.) very little murder actually occurs. 95%+ of the time it is self defense.

instead of putting the people with their minds stuck in the 'totalitarian delusion' (i assume you are talking about soldiers who think occupying iraq is the right thing) how about you try to convert some of them?
one party in a two party costume. the 'ruling' class. the priority? keep themselves on top.
perhaps reddit can stop this 'mass-downmodding-because-i-got-mad-at-you' sometime soon?
oh. damn!
you almost make it sound like the american west in the 19th century!
they are so cute though. 
so? half (or more) of that 67% think we nedd less freedom and more prisoners.
yep.
who cares what china thinks?
sure it counts.  and you know that.  but resources and money are limited and what you wish to give out comes at a cost.  everybody in the world are humans, do they count?  why stop at our borders?
don't worry, it will soon be a "happy-love-everyone-gets-up-arrows-fest" when we all march in suits and bring down aipac.

on the contrary. you really have no idea. why are we talking about personal relationships again? oh that's right, to take attention away from your ridiculous argument.
true, and it might also have been a subtle reference to ayn rand and her disciples/cult/whatever by the author.  he also mentioned ron paul 'disciples' wearing 'who is ron paul' shirts, as if paul is the second (or first, if you only count rl) coming of john galt.  
when they have sitting bull change to buddhism?
christians will, but only after they've eliminated abortion and homosexuals.  i mean, they have priorities.
it's not so much you want to "cut and run" (not my words) now. it's the fact that you thought it was ever a good idea to go in the first place. that makes you unfit for 'service'. at least in the sense that service provides a benefit to those served.
 &gt; the dalai lama has stated explicitly

meanwhile he has been working in secret ...

&gt; which was not shangri-la but worked fine for their culture

much the same way muti killings (that's butchering living children to make magic potions) works fine for southern african countries. i mean hell, it's *their culture* and that justifies anything. 
if putin says so it must be true. tell me, is the journalist who quoted him still alive?
the *mi ser* (serfs) of pre-chinese tibet weren't just peasants, they were practically slaves.  the journal of asian studies (to the best of my knowledge, a reputable peer-reviewed journal) published a paper by melvyn goldstein about [serfdom in tibet](http://www.case.edu/affil/tibet/booksandpapers/human_lease.pdf), focusing on a special class of *mi ser*, the *dud chung*.  *dud chung* possessed a "human lease," which basically meant they were not bound to any specific *sger pa's* (lord's) land.

all other *mi ser* were bound to a specific lord's estate and legally prevented from leaving.  from the paper:

"*in its basic form, the serfs attached to an estate were "bound" that estate.  they did not have freedom of movement.  they could not legally and unilaterally leave the estate land and abandon their hereditary obligations to their lord.  if a serf attempted to run way permanently from his estate, the lord had the right to give pursuit and forcibly return and punish him.*"

while the *mi ser* could own property and had limited judicial recourse against mistreatment by their *sger pa* (which was apparently exercised only rarely), this is basically human slavery.

tibetans living under the chinese occupation certainly don't have it good, but tibet before the chinese occupation wasn't exactly pastoral either.      
don't sue me bro.
   he's built a tolerance... the only kind of tolerance he's familiar with.
 
&gt;wouldn't doubling guantanmo mean giving the prisoners more space?

he probably meant he wants to invade cuba so we can double, or more, the amount of land area upon which guantanamo is built, and then double, or more, its population with new prisoners from cuba, the us, and the rest of the world. 
yeah, it's a shame that this guy doesn't have a better chance at winning the election. kucinich is the only candidate that matches my views exactly on the big issues, and unlike other candidates he actually supports the views he claims to support.
i wonder if those downmodding this within seconds of it appearing would be doing so if they had read that the warning is sounded because of dependence on entitlement programs?
thank you so much for this source. i didn't know about it. i knew about the bad treatment of peasants in tibet due to an episode of penn &amp; teller's bullshit! tv show on showtime.
his presidency ended in 1945, and televisions were made commercially available in the us in 1941.

he never had to battle with the ugly reality of living rooms full of television sets.


&gt; tibet was independent before china took over it, correct?

no it wasn't. the uk and usa recognized china's claims of ownership over tibet. they were just two-faced about it because they *simultaneously* denied those same claims.
 private insurance wastes money now *specifically because* the government is involved with forcing it to make decisions and forcing it to include things.  why can't a person choose to buy a policy that doesn't include sex-change operations if they don't plan on getting a sex-change operation?  many states require all sorts of coverage, and people cannot buy insurance from other states.  these are *state and federal laws* that cause the waste.

medicare also sets prices that the government will pay for certain treatments, decided by the bureaucracy.  why would an insurance company pay differently if the government gets it for cheap?

the government has the advantage (if you can call it that) of setting prices, but with set prices you get less innovation and less quality, so the government ends up killing the very industries it is regulating because they cannot make up their costs or innovate.  we don't want canada or britain's system because of the lines, the lack of dentists (for example in britain), and the complete lack of innovation in the realm of health care.  canada [sends politicians to america](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/articlenews/story/ctvnews/20070914/belinda_stronach_070914/20070914?hub=health) to get treatments while spouting ludicrous platitudes that she uses the canadian system when she needs it (except she doesn't use it when she needed it).

socialized medicine is an absolute disaster of an idea and it doesn't work in any decent-sized nation like britain much less a massive nation like the us.
what!? i wonder why. politics annoys me so much sometimes.
this is a very moving and positive story about two people who should be sworn enemies working together in harmony, and all you can do is respond with negativity. what's the matter with you people?

i knew this would be brought up. on one hand, it sounds like classic conspiracy bate to me.

but that they were released the same day and hour reagan got sworn in. hmmm... 
amen.
no, unfortunately, it is not.
where did you go?

fyi, from my first comment;

&gt;i mention this "finnish question" just to point out ignorance of finlands own struggle during ww2. really they were fighting their own war against russia in 1940 - seperate from definitions of 'axis' and 'allied'.

you must have missed that or you would have realised my 'agenda' immediatley.  your apology is accepted. :)
you don't think he'd veto a lot of socialist reforms?
any coverage is good coverage. they are making their minions on the left uppety to ensure a democratic president(which will be hillary). all the corrupt rules being put in place by bush now are for her to utilize. police state here we come.

look at the people who don't get any coverage. kucinich, paul, all the people who would really put a kink in their plans are rarely if never mentioned.
why build a pointless religious artifact when you could be building homeless shelters?  the world does not need more churches, mosques or temples.

also,
&gt;two people who should be sworn enemies

no one's saying that they _should_ be enemies except you.  talk about negativity.
like we needed further proof?
yeah... perhaps this is like an heir of the hawaiian monarchy advocating hawaiian independence, since the us's seizure of hawaii was sleazy and illegal.

in other words, it sort of is the same thing.

the key difference is this: in the us, you can advocate these kinds of things if you wish.  or at least you're supposed to be allowed to - i wouldn't put any suppression of "disloyalty" beyond the current over-to-top administration, who clearly have no understanding of what the us is supposed to be.

but that's the difference: you can do that here.  if someone peacefully advocates hawaiian independence and gets jailed or thrown to exile for it, that too would be unjust.  just as china's treatement of the dalai llama is unjust.
i'd rather have the government do nothing than do things it's not supposed to.
 heh, that's where i first heard about it too.

i don't know a ton about goldstein, but from his [case western website](http://www.case.edu/affil/tibet/currentstaff/goldstein.htm), it looks like he specializes in this area.  might be worth reading more of his papers if one is looking for more anthropological information about the tibetan people. 
&gt;in all these cases it's opinion vs. opinion. 

no.  there's facts too.  there's the fact that the us is not one of the healthiest countries in the world - on an aggregate level the us does quite poorly in fact, ranking just above cuba in both infant mortality and life expectancy.  those statistics are facts, not opinions.  
if a redditor had written the headline as:

"only 13 more votes are needed to override bush's veto of the schip bill. representatives are switching their votes.  is yours?"

..could he/she (wouldn't want to leave out the chance it was a lady who wrote it) still have a circle jerk or is it essential to write a misleading headline to be "cool"?
bullshit! is good for quick doses of info, but its 27min format is too short to do anything too deep. but it's a great start for research i guess.
thanks again for the info!
you could, ya know, donate your own money to pay for other families health insurance.
you could, ya know, quit breathing and you wouldn't have to worry about healthcare.
&gt;it was projected to initially cost $100 million, but later reviews showed it cost $2 billion.

and it's a fucking two table database:
1)  gun owners
2)  guns

how hard is it to write an app that'll do that?  that was a boondoggle of the liberals.  
which is why i'm wondering what all the debate is about as to whether we move towards socialized health care or not.

it takes me a minimum of three hours at the local dmv and you want me to put my health in these people's hands?
i was making a statement of fact, not a judgement.  if your "so?" is in response to anything in particular, please articulate it with more than a single word.  thanks.

 officemonkey: "downmod just because i want to see you paste it again."

for the logically impaired redditors:

veto of bill != veto of "healthcare for children" 

you asked and you shall receive.
wow, what a well thought out and touching reply.  touche'.
&gt;so...how was that for an overview?

if you were shooting for an unbiased response then why did you post a rebuttal?
sure, no problem, as long as everyone else does the same.
your logic makes no fucking sense.

&gt;nope. it doesn't give them additional healthcare. fail.

actually, the current bill expands who qualifies for the program, so that would be, uh, *more.*

&gt;not approving an increase != a decrease.

the entire program is up for renewal.

if the bill fails, it is a sizable decrease in children's healthcare.

&gt;if you don't get a raise at your job but you get the same pay as you always have are you having money taken away from your salary? i think not. you didn't get a raise. that is all.

this is a bad analogy.  a better analogy would be that i either get a raise or get fired.

&gt;what can one expect from somebody that can't properly count to 100?

oh sorry, only 73 now that you deleted several comments on this article.
cost of living not being something people are able to adjust?  that's a rich little bit of dumb.
what kind of twisted statement is that?  

hey look at that crack head over there.  i should really pay for that persons health insurance.  he's just going through some tough times now.
wtb assets, pst with offer
unfortunately too true
what if you are a briton pulling your own teeth with pliers in a shed because you have government dental?

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/7045143.stm
or as long as a specific group that you are not a member of has to pay...
they tend to be young kneejerk liberal social democrats and socialists who tend to assume they know everything.  product of youth, perhaps.
that could explain [this](http://writingcompany.blogs.com/this_isnt_writing_its_typ/images/dick_cheney.jpg).
people could also quit having children they clearly can't afford.
straw man argument. the people who run the dmv (which are state officials, by the way) are not the people running healthcare.
&gt;to be honest, thats fair enough, some reporters are so aggressive its not even funny.

no, it's not fair. turnabout is fair play, but what rush is doing is called harassment. journalists can be convicted of harassment; there's no immunity for them. there is nothing that justifies going after your enemy's family. that's barbarism, plain and simple.
go try to speak your mind freely in cuba and pick which you like better.
actually no. this one is financed by a tax on tobacco.
dude, imagine a beowulf cluster of ron paul.
they are pretty fucking rich in comparison to most of the world.
there are problems with all systems, ours and others. let's not extrapolate unecessarily.
data is not the plural of anecdote.




they will be.
what if your parents don't have insurance?
the problem here is no facts. point me to a country that has a less socialized system but has lower costs. i haven't found one yet. but the socialized systems seem to have lower costs...
 [here we go](http://youtube.com/watch?v=unlwfumtsrc)
the real polling companies know this, they make their living at doing a good job at predicting. there studies show that, so far at least, this does not make a difference. the people with land lines seem pretty much like the people without them. in addition, as campustour pointed out, young people don't vote.


it was clearly labeled. i can't post my opinion?
it's only because they won't let us euthanize people like you.
it's "fewer" not "less" and we have too many already, and ron paul is not a sociopath.  he's a stand up guy, a man who made his living as a doctor and only later became a politician.  he's not a career criminal, in other words.
  i was making an inquiry as to whether there was any judgment to accompany said statement of fact, withholding judgment of my own in favor of or against your assessment of the statement as relevant until any judgment on your part pertaining to the aforementioned fact could be reviewed.  
considering your statement indeed contained only one fact, i had thought it unnecessary to expound upon my curiosity with more than a single word. i apologize if the brevity of my question struck you as curt.

edit: ;)
this proves why americans shouldn't be allowed to vote without some sort of proof of mental acuity and soundness.  so, now that he has won the nobel prize he is a better candidate for president?  how so?  is he any different today than the day before he won?  are his positions any different?  what are his positions?  since he isn't running, we don't know; yet more americans would vote for him at this point since he's a winner of some sort.  the mind simply reels.  nothing against the man either way, it is just the american voter that worries me.  they are just idiots who decide elections on sound bites, smoke and mirrors, attractiveness and downright propaganda. please turn off the lights on your way out.
 you're still sucking hind tit on logic here.

if you can't see it there isn't much point in trying to explain it to you further.

i didn't delete a fucking thing.

what kind of maths teacher taught you that 20==73 or 20==100 when at the time of your statement the current 20==7 or 8? 

could you show me the part of the schip veto that eliminated medicare/medicaid and private charity?

i didn't think so.
when you figure out that corporations and families are, internally, socialist organizations, you will have enlightenment.

(socialism means shared use of resources as opposed to market based price setting.)


whats wrong with the out-source solution, we use it up here for both the dmv and doctors/clinics (just not hospitals)

all our dmv offices are privately run, therefore it's rare to wait in line or have problems since they're competing for business essentially.

same goes for after-hours clinics, etc, they're privatly owned and operated, but when i used them, i just shop my healthcard and the government picks up the tab.

if americans are so anti-social, they sure seem to think the government does a good job with the military!  same goes for the fire departments and police (ok, so maybe not the police).  or is that what black water is all about? privatizing the military too?

just honest questions, both previous responses were quite helpful!
this is always the argument the socialists use.  "there are always problems...blah blah blah...more money would solve...blah blah blah..."


it'd solve all your worries.
rush?  no, he's a "dope".
dont worry hillary will be president soon and all of the problems will be solved.
exactly.  the government will conduct a study and then create whatever conclusions fit the agenda and the desired outcome.  empiricism?  you have no idea what you are talking about.
yup.  i don't think that legal aliens should get much either.  if they want services, they can become citizens of the country in which they reside or reside in the country of their citizenship.

that you were downmodded shows how post-national the majority of reddit are.  they really don't understand that citizenship _matters_.
debunked over and over again.  cuba?  does anyone honestly believe decrepit old cuba, with people dying to escape is in any way superior to the us?  

they probably murder babies in cuba to keep their stats up.
&gt; the fisa law contains no prohibitions against tapping calls between non-us citizens.

and yet a fisa judge found exactly that.  that's what's bullshit.

also, learn to use paragraph breaks.

 agreed.  [and here is what jews think of having a palestinian exhibition (never mind working there).](http://www.abc.net.au/lateline/content/2003/s991146.htm) 
and it made no dent whatsoever in the crime rate.  it was worse than doing nothing at all!
it's relative, obviously, but relativity isn't objectivity. they have their basic material needs met, for sure. many people in the world don't. but beyond that, they don't necessarily have the stability of not having to worry about health problems, lay-offs, etc. the "american dream" gives you a lot of the material stuff, not a lot of the immaterial 'safety' stuff.
really? read paul on foreign policy and the founders, then remember that the founders fought wars of aggression.
while i have no real problem with the idea of a unified currency like the euro, please please please don't call it the amero.. it sounds like a cheap import car
do you really think that fdr came up with that? romans were buying votes during the republic. 
&gt;debunked over and over again.
no, unless you're smarter than the who.  

it's not very complicated - people on average live longer in most of the western world than people on average in the us.

and conversely less babies die in most of the western world than in the us.  


&gt;they probably murder babies in cuba to keep their stats up.

now that's just rhetoric.  
california is in the united states. california has always been in the united states.
gives you a hell of a lot more than most of the rest of the world.  i've spent a sizable chunk of time in third world regions.  i can show you pictures of why it's better to be a crackhead baby in dc than a reasonably privileged baby in angola.  one might assume trying to force your personal stability at others' expense is a bit greedy in the grand scheme of things.
in terms of american history, yes, fdr came up with it. he started the modern era of american politics. 
i assume these are the same "children" whom the democrats always count in their victims of gun crime stats.  you know, the gangbangers who get killed after they pull a gun on the cops.
 too bad he doesn't understand the 2nd amendment.

kucinich is an anti-gun nanny-stater, and coming from a flaming liberal like me that's saying something. 
nsa is already taken, and sounds pretty fucking ominous to me.

national security is for all things of interest to the nation; homeland is where we live. do you think the state department should be in your 'dns'?
congratulations! you've been nominated for an overstatement of the year award!
wtf?  i am the head of a family of three and made less than that for years and we had a house and two cars and even gasp health insurance!
  why not?  nhs was a shining beacon of socialized medicine to many pundits for many a year. did you know they are looking into offshoring nhs surgery to india, asia, and hong kong now to cut costs?  mandated medical tourism to get treatment. 
 i'm sure he would.  socialists can think of ron paul as a chimney sweep for the federal government - getting rid of the shit that's built up over the years so when his term is over socialists can work on reforms without having to look over their shoulder for big brother or worry about how to handle 50 trillion dollars of national debt.  basically, he's the only candidate that can build a solid foundation of a balanced budget and personal liberty that would make socialist reforms viable and all that much sweeter in the end.
perhaps one of the best lines about the conflict i have seen: 

"for better or worse, this is a region filled with the victims of victims."

it works to describe everyone.


&gt;if americans are so anti-social, they sure seem to think the government does a good job with the military!

hey, you're preaching to the converted on that one.
is the default stance on unable to argue a point just to throw the word straw man out there?  government workers are government workers.
help override the veto, vote on digg:

http://digg.com/politics/13_more_votes_needed_to_override_bush_s_veto_of_health_care_for_children
heehee.  go get 'em!
 *cough* natives *cough* 
as i said you have contempt for the audience.

the beauty of it is that as a citizen you want the media to limit your options.   that is beauty of the american system, every where else you have to send people to prison to achieve the same end.
 
prior to 200bc, the qin dynasty (first dynasty of china) governed territory less than 1/10th the size of present china.  all the other "countries" nearby had their own government, history, language, and culture, before the first emperor of qin took over china and "united" it.  does this mean that the rest of china should be given back too?

if that is too long ago for your tastes, how about manchuria and inner mongolia?  manchuria was "independent" until a couple of hundred years ago and the borders weren't settled until after ww2.
the farm bill would not be deterred by a veto. here's one for hoping with you, though.
the current al gore would make for an excellent president.
i have eyes and ears. i both see and hear. i also have 2 uncles who served in vietnam (mom's side of family...truck drivers, car salesmen...dad's side? engineers, architects, dentists, professors...no military)

anyway. one of the uncles tried to commit suicide a few years back. (infantry one). he had never talked about vietnam, but did become insanely religious when he got back. turns out he was in one of those death squads that were ordered (and did) massacre entire villages...women and children included).

a guy i work with's nephew went to iraq (engineers). on his first day in country. the driver of their humvee just up and ran over an iraqi walking along the side of the road for no reason.

you don't have to 'serve' to know.

&gt; if all soldiers put a bullet in their heads, they'd have to issue a draft.

idiot, if all soldiers put a bullet in their heads there would be no more armed forces period!

my non 'faggot' ass has learned plenty. and murder isn't a necessary lesson. neither is pretending to know shit i don't know, and declaring other nations/people evil as a prelude to murdering them.

objector? i registered. not as an objector. i would have gone if drafted, luckily i was smart enough not to volunteer, due to having plenty of experience with predatory murdering xtian pretards right where i grew up in nc!

&gt; instead of putting the people with their minds stuck in the 'totalitarian delusion' (i assume you are talking about soldiers who think occupying iraq is the right thing) how about you try to convert some of them?

convert some of them? you can't make stupid flag waving pretards smart. it's like saying i could turn a jerry springer audience into a think tank!

im not a coward. not by a long shot. im just into producing rather than destroying. especially in the name of some b movie disney dumbass sense of 'patriotism'.

there is no freedom here. you are cannon fodder yourself (or were).

i had to arrive where i am under my own steam. and did. i don't drag others along. real experience, fact, and real truth is my guiding light. and given that, makes me not a threat to anyone that isn't victimizing others. it's the libertarian way. the general xtian pretard would definately rather see me dead than be like me. i tend to avoid them, cause that could get nasty. and i'd like to get out of this involuntary existence proudly saying i didn't murder anyone.

who knows, maybe murdering pretards get the pie in the sky when we die by and by. still i go with who i am, not who an obvious fraud (xtians) claims hypocritcally to know who i should be.


whee ... it's like vietnam all over again.

it's a good thing for the republican party that you can hide your tracks breaking into computers easier than you can hide tracks breaking into an office.

and with the new authority supremacy laws in place it's illegal to question the actions of anyone from lunch room security guards all the way up to the president.

we are all good amerikans.
those ungrateful bastards had better not.
this is a tough one.  

normally i'd be covering my face while reading about something said by rush but i find that i agree with his point of view in this matter.  

i feel that sometimes the media goes to the extreme in there investigating to find stuff to make the story over the top rather than just trying to tell the story as it is.  
think of it as the oppressed rising up to combat the tyrannical despots.
manifestly.
they're way too stupid and way too confident in their fraudulent 'moral' superiority to do that.
you don't see the importance of having a secular state?
the young self-style next "greatest generation" is full of bluster again.
god forbid that north america become anything like europe. that place is a hellhole with a lousy currency.

oh wait, it's not.
the problem with kucinich is that, while he has many things in his pockets, he himself doesn't appear to be in the pockets of anyone or anything else.

no backing.  no support from those who matter. (fact: you don't matter)

quite sad really.  he seems to be an actual human being amongst the sharks in dc.
um the story linked above is about rush admitting to intimidating journalists to get better coverage in a story about him, and his fear of being directly investigated by journalists he can't intimidate.

did you read it?

well, the dalai lama *did* try to overthrow the chinese regime in tibet. just because he failed doesn't mean that the chinese should act friendly towards them. how would you feel if some dude would try a coup d'etat to reestablish the independence of hawaii? 

no seriously, how's tibet any different from hawaii?
oh, *that's* why he's in the us - he wants bush to bring democracy to *his* country!
as i recall people in the socio-economic lower class smoke a lot more than those in the middle and upper classes (20% of people in the upper and middle smoke, 30% in the lower.)

doesn't this bill give health care to middle class families that can't afford healthcare?

i am all for healthcare for everyone, but i don't think that the burden of paying for middle class healthcare should largely fall upon lower class smokers.
he's earned the nickname dr. no, but you're worried that he'll sign bills willy-nilly?!
i've never understood why there is a holocaust museum in the us.  it didn't happen here, the us wasnt responsible for it, so again why is there one in the us?  it's not like italy has a museum to commemorate the centuries long conquest and almost near eradication of american indians.  well, whatever. 
yeah, like the patriot act and iraq war.
(un)fortunately, the current al gore is an extremely smart man who realizes that he is far more effectual leading from the sidelines than from the center.  he's probably affected more positive change in the past 5 years than all of his years as an active politician.

why give that up for the dubious "honor" of being president?  especially when the next president will be tasked with containing/repairing the damage done by the current administration.

i'd say "no thanks" and not even think twice about it.
ye gods that show was terrible. why would you brag on that?
i got it, your a baby ashkenaz.
and by the way, wheelchair or not, he was still 6'2".
you're still welcome to get private health care.
 yes i did read the story.  i am concerned about him calling up journalists and "threatening" (if you want to say doing investigative journalism on investigative journalists as threatening) them.  but at the same time i do think that the media should be kept in check in some cases.  like i already said...  

i feel that sometimes the media goes to the extreme in there investigating to find stuff to make the story over the top rather than just trying to tell the story as it is. 

meh... i guess i got something else out of it than what you did. 
 i do, but pushing so hard against it when the majority is made up of christians favors atheism, which can be conisdered a religion. there is better shit to worry about as long it doesn't turn into crazy shit like in the documentary "jesus camp".
if you define "free" as "owned by autocrats, and occupied largely by *de facto* slaves", then, yes, it was free.
so punish the stupid kids right?
yes, those are facts. that doesn't prove that program a will solve that situation and program b will not. that also doesn't prove that program a isn't a waste of time and money either.

you can't just state a problem as proof that the solution is valid and works.
i didn't say i wanted a government study. now who has no idea what they are talking about?
thanks to usatoday, you, too, can quickly decide the presidential candidate to support. but its "match game" of candidates is really a poor use of newspaper resources and only mirrors what the candidates want you to think about -- not what you might want to consider.
he has stated publicly (in his books) that he wanted to reform the system pre-chinese, but did not have the authority to over-rule the theocracy.  they only gave him that authority when china was invading, and he initially sided with the communist revolution believing in their ideals.    still, they were invaded, conquered, and it is over.   the native american's won't get america  back, mexico won't get texas or california back, tibetans won't get tibet back.  (oh, yeah, and taiwan will eventually  be reuinited with china.  they're patient, they can wait.)
wait...did george w. shrink 3 inches from 2000-2004?
you can't 'use democracy as a way to regain power' unless the people you are going to have power over consent to it.
that's a generalization you can't support. prove to me that every government run agency is horrible and then i'll concede the point. until then, sorry.
well god knows i don't want to support a president that sits down.
&gt; ... washington post reporter dana priest recently said in an interview that she believed the us military would revolt and refuse to fly missions against iran if the white house issued such orders.

if that happens, things could get really dicey domestically.  it might lead to a civil war in the states, with pro and anti bush factions fighting each other openly.
are we really supposed to believe that the israelis have only just become "aware" of the genocide of the palestinians?!
ron paul is not against war in general, but *illegal* wars.
maybe it's down because the site sucked?
john mayer drunk talking about ron paul, that's great!
 http://www.wtb.org/

http://www.pst.com/

or is it:

http://www.p-s-t.com/
 
presumptuous and hypocritical. good job.
stop it. no one wants to hear you cry. get this off the front page. 
&gt;but pushing so hard against it when the majority is made up of christians favors atheism

you're going to have to explain to me why this is true. what i favor, and i gather most people favor, is secularism. i don't care what you believe, just keep it out of the government. prayer time is called recess, if you are so inclined. 

&gt;which can be conisdered a religion.

how is that exactly?

&gt;there is better shit to worry about as long it doesn't turn into crazy shit like in the documentary "jesus camp".

i don't get the impression that you've carefully thought this one out.
empirical observation.
i forgot ageism. 
they may have just been inspired by a cold war assassination (i have been trying to find who killed whom but the internet is not forthcoming). i saw this on the discovery channel once :)  some spying diplomat in now-eastern-europe was killed inside his armored car by a bomb like these efps... a backpack hung on a parking meter, filled with tnt, with a copper plate on the street-side of the explosives. the copper plate deformed into a spike-like shape from the force of the blast and went clear through the backseat of the car, nearly tore it in half, and the man actually died because an edge of the molten copper spike cut open his throat on its way through the car.
thank you colonel douchebag.
 people are kneejerky around here and if you aren't part of the mostly-monolithic holier than thou youngster contingent it's pretty fucking easy to see.  i reckon it's pretty fucking easy to see if you're part of the circle jerk too,  it just makes you proud or something, that's what makes it such a circle jerk.  are you taking offense because you find yourself to be a kneejerk and i have committed "anti-kneejerkist" comments to the record? 
this is getting absolutely ridiculous, at this point i would favor a federal limitation on the primary as no earlier than six months prior to the general election.
exactly.  socialism works wonderfully on a small familial scale when everyone knows one another.  in that setting the pressure of acceptance and responsibility can hold greater sway than monetary reward.  however, once you scale past people you regularly interact with, it starts to fall apart quickly.
&gt;nevertheless, the dalai lama and tibetan monks aren't saints either. it's not a well known fact, but if the monks go back into power they will institute a serfdom with the priests at the top and the peasants on the bottom. this was how it was before china gained control of tibet.

also not so well known, but certainly interesting, is the fact that the tibetans were once fierce warriors; and in the middle of the 8th century, tibet gained control of china when it's raiders captured the capital at chang'an. but it only took half a century for the tibetan empire to collapse after that.  

this particular conquest occured right before, or contemporanious with, padmasambhava introducing buddhism to tibet.      

 
&gt;section 3 forbids the federal courts to rule on state laws about religion or other social issues. except where they violate the constitution.

not true. section 3 has no such exclusion. if it did, what would be the point of section 7, which invalidates all supreme court decisions that said state laws in those areas were unconstitutional?

if you can't have a binding precedent that a state law about religion is unconstitutional, what would be the point of hearing the case again?

beyond which, ron paul says the purpose of his bill is to forbid those cases from being heard.

&gt;your example of forcing a child to recite christian prayers is a clear violation of the child's first amendment rights. so the example is incorrect--it would still be enforceable at the federal level.

no, it wouldn't ron paul has said that his intent is to allow states to require school prayer and to forbid the supreme court from hearing the cases.

are you suggesting he's lying about his own bill? what would be his purpose?


&gt;did you actually write the ron paul campaign? i'd love to see their answer.

i don't need to write the campaign. i have paul's other statements about the bill. you're the one saying his statements are wrong; you should write him.




the nations can do that if they want to, but they didn't get along very well *before* white people invaded, iroquois confederation excepted.

the wealthy tribes are not now about to share equally with the impoverished tribes.

oh, and when in new england, remember to visit the indian casinos in connecticut. 
s/mr\. zhang/fox news/

s/dalai lama/al gore/ 
its cold?
 &gt;i don't think i've ever heard a rational socialist before.

that's because they don't exist. 
so no one ever wrote anything about rush's family?
what pro-bush faction?
which is why ron paul is so popular here.
 are you serious?  http://www.vote-smart.org/voting_category.php?can_id=296

against the patriot act. for military force against those who attacked us (read military force in afghanistan to hunt down bin laden). against electronic surveillance modernization act (passed anyway, allows president to order surveillance without a court order).  the list goes on.

his voting record is far more consistent with the "great game" that he talks than any other politician.  
this was sarcasm, correct?  my firefox extension to detect sarcasm hasn't been working recently
ron paul fans, commence simultaneous orgasm.
what's sad is that polls have become the accepted method of expressing ones dissatisfaction. it's easy for an administration to ignore a poll, regardless of what it says. if 67% of americans actually did something about it, that'd force the administration to listen.
socialism is great when it's *voluntary*.  it is evil when it's forced upon everyone.
33 percent of americans have had lobotomies.
china can fuck off
&gt; this proves why americans shouldn't be allowed to vote without some sort of proof of mental acuity and soundness.

agreed.

and the first question on the iq test should be "would you ever consider voting for politicians that belong to either the democratic or republican parties?". answering yes would disqualify you from voting.
wow, germans are pussies.

personally i'm unable to undersatnd the reluctance of the governments to send their troops in (besides losing in electrions).  what's the point of funding, building and maintaing an army if you aren't going to **use** it?
uh, the chinese did not crush a rebellion in tibet.  the chinese invaded tibet.
before the chinese power, the dalai lama was about twelve years old.
seriously.
it could be argued that taller people are more confident, and that gives them the edge, as opposed to people simply seing them and thinking "he's tall i like him"
what's your favorite government program?
i find it hard to believe that a conservative white family would somehow let a black person in...

still, quite funny even though the page already has two updates and everyone seems confused.
isn't it about time for non 'natural born' citizen to be allowed to become president?  stop the inbreeding already!
kucinich paul split ticket 08!
ok, so 67% are dissatisfied. the other 33% (which is still a huge number of people) is what worries me. it makes me wonder what it would take to get a higher dissatisfaction rating? 
we got ukraine back, as well as bunch of other pre-ussr countries, so what's your point again?
lol, i corrected that.
eighth cousins?  how is that possible to figure that out?  i wonder how many eighth cousins i have. maybe 1 million?
a god incarnate that needs glasses. 
it's quasi government. they do have to raise money and buy stuff, including the buildings, but they don't pay property tax and everyone is a government employee. it's a weird one. it isn't privately owned however, there is no single person that is at the head of the post office that's getting all of the profits.
 &gt;could you show me the part of the schip veto that eliminated medicare/medicaid and private charity?

no one said a god damned thing about medicare/medicaid!  wtf are you blathering on about?  you seem to have no ability to stay on subject, read english and you only seem to like to make personal attacks.  you have no point except to attack the title and you've repeated it several (is that avoiding 'maths' enough for you?) times as [officemonkey](http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yf38/comments/c029jo3) also pointed out?

nowhere in the title, nor article does it say *or even imply* that the president vetoed "all healthcare" for children. 
and again and again...
state colleges and universities.
gulf of tonkin, uss liberty, [wwii](http://www.prisonplanet.com/the_mccollum_memo.htm), and even wwi, are all false flag incidents.
as the headline is written now it sounds like the soldiers are trying to keep the plans quiet, with "mum" as the verb.
its hard to be good at diplomacy when your country is zero credibility in the world community.
404
not if you title it as being "unbiased".  it's an op-ed if it's your opinion.
this boomer has got to go take a bluster, be right back.
mongols once were at the border with germany, but what was left of their empire? interesting to note, that they never imposed their religion and didn't try to convert like christians  or muslim did(do).
a publicity stunt like this will just serve to distract from the real crimes of the bush administration. further, it will allow the whitehouse to righteously point to purely political lawsuits against them and demand that the president be immune from such challenges. 
a suit like this is a real gimme to the administration. they can't help but win, and get to discredit their opponents as a bonus. 



poorly?
government regulations don't produce anything. rules cannot create wealth, they can only restrict wealth by their very nature of restricting what can be done. the more restriction and requirements placed on them, the more expensive they get. 

if we had less regulation regarding health insurance, then the free market would be able to offer competitive prices. 
i don't know what is more shocking, that this happened, or that there was both a muslim contractor *and* the need for a jewish temple to be built, at the same time, in arkansas. 
this is what your get when you call him pooty poot. this man hates bush so much he could make a career of it. i believe he would go to battle stations over it.
they crushed rebellion after invasion.
let's see...by and large:

- people get the ss checks on time and for the correct amount
- tax refunds the same as above
- the roads are paved
- the schools teach and graduate mass numbers of students
- our food is unpoisonous
- our medicine is safe

not that there aren't problems with any of these programs. nothing is perfect. but saying everything the government touches turns to complete crap is simply wrong.
again, i've never seen an ounce of proof that this is true with regards to health care. countries with more socialized systems by and large have longer lifespans, less infant mortality, better care, more complete care, and they spend less.

if you can point me to an example of a country where health care is not only more free market but less expensive, i'd love to see it. i've looked, and haven't been able to find one.
what hospitals are people going that try to compare it to the dmv? every hospital i've dealt with has been almost exactly like dealing with the dmv.  i'd put healthcare workers right alongside most government workers.  
truth by way of being the truth.  it's so easy!
  never better. :d

the smallest superset of "the [kind of] people they know" of a random sample of the general population is ... the general population.

in contrast, the smallest superset of "the [kind of] people they know" of a sample of the rich, the famous and the powerful is ... the rich, the famous and the powerful.

when you have a genuine diversity of people sharing power, they must work in the common interest. elections are incapable of providing genuine diversity.

the eu provides a bare minimum of necessary diversity by having bureaucrats from many parties and many regions. this is why the eu works in the common interest whereas the us congress (nevermind the whitehouse) does not. 
get a dictionary and parse "veto of healthcare for children".  use dictionary.com if you don't know how to operate a book.

it's an intentionally misleading way to state things.  

after that we can go into how "not expanding" does not equal "rescinding and/or denying" an existing service.  of course your head my explode trying to grasp simple logic.  not too many hamsters seem to reside in your headcage.  that isn't an insult or attack,  just an empirical observation.  don't take it personally.  
there are a lot of things that could happen that would lead to this very same scenario. we're literally on a tipping point i think. people i've spoken to lately sound like more of a conspiracy theorist than i do. i know that if the nafta expansion goes through, we're definitely going to see some action. war with iran will bring the same, a dollar crash might be in that neighborhood. there's a lot of factors, and then there's also the outside chance that all these things culminate at one point and then who knows...
if someone as unstable and anger-filled and dope-ridden as rush told me he was going to "find out where my child goes to school", you are darn right i would feel threatened. i would probably file a police report and get a restraining order.
 i would prefer secularism as well, but i'd also prefer that the also do not ban the 1st amendment. another thing thing to watch out for is what is happening in kommiefornia right now. the words "mom" and "dad" are being banned from schools, because someone might be offended by their use. who? sounds to me like brainwashing for our children in an attempt to get us ready for a zero love future as depicted in 1984.

atheism is a belief system founded around the supposed non-existence of deities, or that there can be no way to prove their existence. to force religions and their deities out of schools is to embrace atheism, as well as shit on the first amendment.

i have though this through very carefully. the majority of the country practices some kind of religion, so give them equal representation in the schools they pay for, or don't make them pay at all. do not force prayer or religious beliefs, do not teach creationism, but don't taser some jesus freak for wearing a shirt depicting his chosen system of beliefs. 
didn't think it was that odd of a concept.
 &gt; we're going to find out who you knocked up in high school. we're going to find out what drugs you used.

heh. unless it's oxycontin and off-prescription viagra. in which case, we're going to maintain an embarrassed silence. 
like the proletariat. 
voted down for misleading headline. it was "reinstate draft or withdraw completely."
&gt; it takes me a minimum of three hours at the local dmv and you want me to put my health in these people's hands?

&lt;sarcasm&gt;
yeah, 'cause what you care about when it comes to health care are waiting times. who cares if you die, so long as you get to see the doctor right away? really, if you think about it, if the doctor's carried shotguns it'd be even more efficient.....
&lt;/sarcasm&gt;

here's another way to look at it: the way that private systems tend to have shorter waiting times is that they don't service the entire population. so, how excited do you feel knowing that the reason you have a shorter wait is several people who can't afford the costs were turned away?
but the difference is that you would be getting into his personal life first.  it's not like he is saying he would just call anyone up and look up their kids. 

i'm not defending rush in anyway.  i'm just saying in this case i can relate is all.  i sure as shit am not going to be happy if some investigative report is on my ass.  i'd be happy to give him a feel of what it's like to have your privacy invaded and scrutinized.  
i just want to be clear here. you are equating our soldiers, even our top guys in the special forces, etc., along with some of the top scientists in the world, experts on economics, medicine, etc.... with that guy who delivers my mail?
do you see 30 hilary articles on reddit everyday? 
after looking at kucinich's political positions, he doesn't seem to know much more about the constitution than bush does. he does seem a lot less dangerous however.
i, for one, welcome our new clustered ron paul overlords.
with a panda
sure, but manchuria [took over china](http://en.wikipedia.com/wiki/manchu#founding_of_the_qing_dynasty).
i have no idea. i just know china's propaganda and the cia's propaganda. and of the two i consider the cia to be more evil. by the way, free tibet and their ilk work with the cia.
it's nice to see that he accepts the fact that he is a joke.  kinda sad that so many of you people can't see that.
thank god!

&gt;iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki's oil minister has called hunt's deal illegal. congressional democrats have jumped into the fray, saying hunt oil signed its deal with the kurdistan regional government because it has insider information about the future of iraq's national oil law. 

it says it all there.


 this is false and a common misconception about universal health care coverage and socialized medicine, probably brought on by far-right wing extremist loud mouths who wish to muddy the waters such as hannity who often makes me cringe whenever i hear him talking about what he refers to as "socialized medicine."  the difference between universal health care coverage and socialized medicine is the difference between financing and delivery.  universal health care coverage is a mechanism of financing health care through insurance coverage of some sort, whether it be single payer (as in canada) or through private insurance, multi-payer systems.  this is financing health care costs.  however, the medical practice, the mechanism of delivering health care, remains private (or public as in the case of institutions which are already public such as state university hospitals or state operated free health care clinics).  by and large, the systems are private and increasingly for-profit in the us.  in canada, however, the majority of the clinics and hospitals are public.  that does not mean opening a private practice is illegal, though, as long as you accept the universal health care insurance.  the doctor isn't employed by the government, his/her staff isn't employed by the government, and the administration of the practice isn't owned or controlled by the government.  what is illegal in *some* universal health care coverage systems is private insurance that offers redundant coverage, i.e. coverage that you would get under universal coverage offerings.  in canada, the ruling was that it is illegal for a private clinic to accept a fee for services that would normally be covered under their single payer system, not "you can't setup shop here..."  

socialized medicine, on the other hand, is a mechanism of health care delivery where the practicing physician works for and is directly employed by the state health care services.  in other words, the government actually runs the hospitals, employs the physicians, and handles hospital administration.  the uk has socialized medicine although even they have expanded into the private sector through private finance initiatives...which has also caused their system to undergo a period of debt.  quite a bad choice on the account of the conservatives in power in 1992 in the uk, and an even worse decision for the labour party to continue the money draining practice.  i digress, however.  the point is that in socialized medicine, the delivery of the health care services is done directly by the government employees; in this case, the physicians, nurses, surgeons, etc.

so, no, to correct your assertions, private practices most certainly are not illegal under the canadian single payer system, only private insurance.       
i'm getting a headache watching that google video jiggle around.
and government workers don't deliver the health care...so what's your point?
just because we don't wear shoes doesn't mean we don't respect other people's religion. 

holy shit! did you know we have the interwebs too!?!
do some research.  the according to mohammad, the jews are infidels, and ultimately should be converted or killed.

but...as long as they're paying you good money, it's acceptable to exploit them to further your cause later on down the line.
*they are rebelling against bush and cheney.*

yes, well, cheney has plans to crush the rebellion with his fully armed and operational battle station.

yeah, because associating dr. paul that particular movie is going be really helpful. 
&gt;california has always been in the united states.

you kidding, [right](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexican-american_war)? or do i need to recalibrate my sarcasm sensors?
actually, if you want to be technical about it, more people end up subsidizing rural communities so they can have health care to begin with.  not just health insurance...but a health care system.  by and large, the rural areas have more hospitals per person than the urban areas do.  the end effect is rural hospitals do not make enough money in order to keep their doors open.  it's kind of hard to keep your doors open when you're only getting a few patients a week yet still need to be stocked up on medical supplies.  so, the rest of the country ends up subsidizing the rural parts of the country at greater amount than the urban areas through medicare financing to those rural hospitals and communities.  back in 1997, under the balanced budget act, these medicare financing payouts were cut forcing medical closures in rural areas to the point where the rural medicare financing payouts had to be re-increased under the balanced budget refinement act of 1999.  frankly, there's no better way to decrease community health in rural communities than to put a stop to medicare.  it doesn't matter how much insurance coverage you have if you don't have a place to go for treatment.  
damn, those are huge, troll hands!
why does this have a politics tag on it?
yeah - with the "brown coats" a thinly veiled reference to the confederacy (gray coats). truth will out.
woosh!
i'm pretty fucking tired of people crying about the goddamned media.  if you wanna get riled up about something, push your representatives to do something about the way that presidents are elected.  push for serious election reform.  talk politics to anyone and everyone who will listen.  i think those strategies will do much more than clicking around on a poll.
 dude i live in virginia, and there aren't that many jews and muslims here. let alone muslim contractors and *new* synagogues. 

then again, i guess everyone in the north east and (upper) midwest is coming south for the taxes and weather. 
 maybe the tax will convince the lower class to stop smoking and improve their overall well being?  a friend of mine spends a good 100 bucks a week to maintain his addiction, that's good increase in salary if he quit.  however, if he smoked more, he wouldn't have to save money for retirement.  should the lower class use death as a means to spend more money and have an early retirement?
dont i know it 
i think you're wrong.  a secessionist movement would definitely not be tolerated by the us federal government.  this question was settled about 150 years ago.
43% trust bush, wtf??????????
&gt;and with the new authority supremacy laws in place it's illegal to question the actions of anyone from lunch room security guards all the way up to the president.

that's not true. just because we aren't doing something doesn't mean we can't.

watch, ready?

i question the actions of the bush administration on many levels, as well as the us congress, both republican and democrat. i don't think they have done enough to maintain reasonable civil liberties, and have us involved in an unwinnable occupation. 
needs a better title - "americans' diet prevents spontaneous combustion, unlike europeans."
yes, but congress could override his vetos with enough votes. that's the beauty of the checks and balances in the constitution, in the hands of three branches of gov't that would respect and follow it.
dude you are talking nonsense now. i understand as a rp hater, there are plenty of things for you to pull out. but to accuse him of toeing the bush line and getting so many upvotes is absurd. i can only wonder if you are a troll.

http://www.lewrockwell.com/paul/paul106.html

read that, that's ron talking about giving tony blair a medal of honor. truly, a man of principle, weather or not you agree with the principle. 
thank you for noticing what i've been noticing since 2002. jon stewart (and just about every other backseat politician that uses television comedy to deceive people) has been just a political tool to dumb down the masses for years, and frankly there will never be enough people to notice this.
ha great suggestion
and if there is one thing bush doesn't lack, it's blind confidence.

not saying he's tall, just drawing out the common denom. 
right, corporations and families don't force membership upon anybody.
nice.
&gt;for hardcore liberals and socialists ... paul is probably worse than many of the other republicans.

i'm not sure i buy this argument.  rep. paul is a "states' rights"-ists, first and foremost.  individual states would be able to incorporate liberal/socialists leanings without interference from the federal gov't.  the bush admin. suing california for their strict air pollution laws comes to mind.  and isn't there a problem with massachusetts' medical insurance program? (or am i imagining that one).

the other republicans are paying lip service to federal bans (via ammendments) to same sex marriage, abortion, &amp;c, which i don't see happening with a paul administration.
unfortunately, market based predictors like that have become less accurate as reports of their accuracy have risen. basically, political operatives are increasingly trying to manipulate them to make their candidate look like a winner (or at least look viable). they don't have enough liquidity to compensate for this (yet).
yeah, it's actually kind of old news but the vanity fair coverage seems to be very comprehensive.  it's also something that has yet to be resolved.  so it is still relevant in my opinion.
i should have prefaced with federal government program, states are less nefarious since smaller governments are easier to manage and change than the fed, and you can move to a different state if they do something you don't like. 


    * people get the ss checks on time and for the correct amount

this can easily be done by private companies. put money in for savings, take money out.

    * tax refunds the same as above

not really a government program.

    * the roads are paved

roads aren't the most nefarious government program. if we did have private roads, then the owners could refuse to allow police onto them. say goodbye to speeding tickets, etc. private roads would also allow for competition. if one major route is always congested, then someone opening an alternate route can steal customers since you could have a choice. current system is dumb, the fed takes gas taxes, and then the fed decides how to redistribute it. it'd be better if there was no federal gas tax, and states just bumped up their gas tax to cover the difference. better yet, no gas tax. 

    * the schools teach and graduate mass numbers of students

there are private schools. there are also free schools offered by religious organizations, etc. the average school is given $15,000 in tax monies per student. private schools average significantly less than this and offer better services. if i choose not to have kids, then i shouldn't be forced to pay for my neighbors 5 kids to go to school.

    * our food is unpoisonous

taco bell e.coli problem? the latest one is pot pies having salmonella in them. the fda doesn't eliminate dangerous food from being sold. if people demand food inspections, then private organizations could offer inspection services, and people can choose which ones to trust based on reputation. if you're going to  go out of business for ruining your reputation, that's a good reason to be on top of things.

    * our medicine is safe

we have these 10 year trial periods for testing medication to ensure it's safe, and still we end up with medication that later gets pulled, or later turns out to not be safe.  viagara and heart attacks, and some pain medication i can't recall the name of were some examples. on the other hand, the fda makes it illegal to get medication that hasn't gone through this testing. aids and cancer medication cannot legally be given to patients who are desperate to try out anything. end result is that people could die from the fda and their testing.

also, one of the top preventable deaths is from medication.
&gt;then again, i guess everyone in the north east and (upper) midwest is coming south for the taxes and weather.

yea dude... i was going to suggest the tax incentive. i hear that arkansas has the lowest property tax in the country.  
right. and god hates shrimp. not a whole lot of people believe their religious texts word for word without bizarre additional interpretation.
well, i suppose by being born you would be forced into a family, it's not your choice whether or not to be born.  not sure what your point is though.

i am free to leave the company i work for at any time.  if they don't want me to leave they can't point a gun at me and throw me in jail.  if i'm running a company i can't force anyone to work for me.  it's completely voluntary.
because it's boring?
 ha!  my guess is that cbs knows damn well that they are lying about their polls, but don't want to get caught with their pants down, so they're softening people up for an "upset" victory.  when it happens they'll try to call it "a one off event my mavericks, that's irrelevant to any other state"
 
&gt;i don't know what is more shocking

how about the fact that there's someone out there who can spell "contractor" right, but not twice in a row?
well, lower taxes means better business policies (a good amount of time). also, jobs are harder to come by in the upper midwest, and it's real expensive to live in coastal ne. 
 but ron paul doesn't want to be....  \*sigh\* nevermind.
 &gt;americans' bodies have the world's highest concentration of the flame retardant polybrominated diphenyl ethers (pbde) -- 10 to 40 times higher than europeans -- and our chemical burden is doubling every three to five years.

i love those kinds of non-numeric numbers.  10 to 40 times higher than *what*?  exactly *what* level of these compounds are considered dangerous?

considering how many articles come out on a weekly basis detailing some horrible chemical that is present in large proportions of the population, it's amazing americans don't dissolve in the rain.

have any of these chemophobes ever heard the story of the boy who cried wolf? 
clearly nobody has threatened to disown you :)
and once you realize that socialism relies on force, and thus is not peaceful, you will become a libertarian.  
sure!  i was just pointing out that a socialist government will most likely be more difficult to implement while ron paul is president.

this doesn't necessarily contradict radhruin's belief that the current government needs to be gutted before any effective socialism can be established, and that paul's the man to do it. 
only the contractor's services were free, the temple was not 'built for free'.


for more detail, see:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_calculation_problem
ww91igfyzsbhihzlcnkgc2lsbhkgcgvyc29ulg==
i had no idea that corporation rely on force.

btw, libertarian and socialist are orthogonal concepts. one deals with government, the other with economic organization.
ww91igfyzsbhbhnvihzlcnkgc2lsbhku
badnarik is a better candidate if you would like a libertarian.
what hes trying to say is what is are muslims and jews doing in *arkansas*.
this article fails to address the fact that us fire preventatives might be bad, but how good are the alternatives?

yes, there might be a lot more flame retardant in us than there needs to be, but banning it might not be the best answer... are there reasonable alternatives? how well does the european solution work? 

it wouldn't be a good trade if, say, 1000 people a year died from being burned to death to save only 100 people from cancer. i have no idea either way, but this article just uses scare tactics. 


our lives are too precious for healthcare socialism: http://oneminute.rationalmind.net/socialized%20healthcare/
just quit smoking. we get it, you were 18 and mad at the world...now it is just tacky
they "should" be "sworn enemies"?
ummm... browncoats would be a firefly reference, and that was created by joss whedon. babylon 5 was the other sci-fi series... you know "the last best hope for peace" space station thingee.
well, this is wonderful news for a change!
well, the talking point about wait times is rather stale in itself.  we always hear about the waiting times in canada and in the uk, but if you want to look at it critically, the us isn't much better.  in fact, we don't even have the best waiting times in the world for elective surgery, which is what most people talk about for things such as hip replacement surgery.  what a terrible overall indicator of wait times!  anyway, germany and japan hold the titles of shortest wait times overall for both elective and non-elective medical care, both of which are universal health care systems.  furthermore, the commonwealth fund did a study that showed wait times in the us were longer for general care than in britain, germany, australia, and new zealand.  canada was the only country surveyed that had slightly longer wait times than the us.  you wonder why the far right wing extremists always focus on canada?  it's the only argument they have going for them, and even then, only on a few limited statistics.  put the us health care system up against japan, germany, or france, and it doesn't stand a chance.   
yeah, but blackwater would fire on us with no hesitation.
*what's the matter with you people?*

you must be new here.
this coming from a user who posts such jeu d'esprit as "ww91igfyzsbhbhnvihzlcnkgc2lsbhku." 
 &gt;here's another way to look at it: the way that private systems tend to have shorter waiting times is that they don't service the entire population. 

neither would a publicly funded health system. we have a shortage of health care providers in this country. most doctors work at least 50 hours/week (sometimes twice that), and i've never heard of a doctor who couldn't find a job. it will probably be impossible to get more working hours from doctors.

if the government starts paying for health care, how will that increase the amount of health care provided? 

all the government can do is redistribute the care that already exists. 
i smoke a pipe and cigars.  it's not a nicotine thing - it's something i choose to do regardless of possible negative health issues (actually there was a report included in the surgeon general's report on smoking that found that people who smoke four bowls of pipe a day or less live longer than non smokers - which is rather interesting).  sorry if it offends - but, i'm not allowed to smoke in enclosed places other than my home or my car, so luckily it doesn't effect you.

even if it was a nicotine thing for me and every other smoker - at that point you're just exploiting addicts.

the point is, if it's so important for you, you should be willing to take on the burden too.  i'm willing to pay the price if it is a fair tax - are you?  it's easy to demand things when it's other people who will pay for it.
ron paul is no longshot, unless you've been programmed by foxnews. look at his site and see how many straw polls hes won so far.
god bless them both. this is how things should be...
you should probably read about american history. garfield, for example, was killed by a disgruntled job seeker. people have been buying votes for as long as there has been politics: bonobos do it.


hmmm...then you guys would have caught up with [bolivia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evo_morales)
&gt; do i need to recalibrate my sarcasm sensors?

you sure do, that one was over 9000.
   i don't post wrongheaded pseudo-pedantic misleading garbage.  so your point is?  top of your head?  

not too many hamsters in your headcage either, it seems.  maybe you can get a transplant from petco or would that be "too corporate"? 
thank you - i stand corrected!  damn it, i loved babylon 5 (but have qualms about ron.)
&gt;it wouldn't be a good trade if, say, 1000 people a year died from being burned to death to save only 100 people from cancer. i have no idea either way, but this article just uses scare tactics.

it makes no sense to think of it as a trade... a chemical that's toxic *will* have toxic effects. flammable material doesn't just spontaneously combust if it's not treated with flame retardant. there are other ways to prevent things from burning. asking about alternatives assumes that chemical flame retardants are necessary. even the industry doesn't appear to be willing to make that stand:

"after the european union, canada and a few u.s. states banned them, u.s. manufacturers saw the handwriting on the wall, and perhaps the lawsuits in the wings, and ceased production as of 2005."


um.  that's the point.  that's the point i was making.  i would welcome a tax that everyone would have to pay that would bring solid children's health insurance.  so instead of just calling someone a whiny smoker maybe you should check out what they're saying.
...what? - who's voting me down?

someone must really not like our constitution.

there's a serious movement for sovereignty in hawaii. secession won't happen for a number of reasons, but that doesn't prevent a huge number of people from wishing it did.

why november 5th, as opposed to november 4th? or today for that matter? why will it make history?

and for the record, i have donated, and will be donating more. i'm just curious about the obsession of november 5th. it seems that any day would make the same difference.
 you heard it here first, folks. the dalai lama is no better than a baby killer!  
shame on me for suggesting that to vote for a libertarian it would be helpful to vote for a libertarian...
i'm aware of the movement.  i wouldn't call it serious, however.  if it became serious, like, actually going to happen serious, the movement would be stopped in its tracks by the feds...
every time you linkjack, baby jesus cries.
interesting.

i saw this on the news this morning and was immediately impressed with the how far the newscasters went out of their way to exonerate the trooper on the spot.

there were no less than 4 mentions of that ferrel (the man who was hit) was staggering across the road, followed by suggestions that witnesses believed that the officer wasn't in the wrong, followed by a suggestion that ferrel wasn't in a cross walk, followed the suggestion that ferrel crossed the intersection diagonally. 

(i say suggestion because this was all said by the reporter, credited to "witnesses".)

they then wrapped up by repeating each statement twice and finally stressing that the officer was not believed to be at fault.

obviously, i have a bit of a problem with this.

1.) i used to drive through that intersection daily, people haul ass all the along that stretch. i'd be shocked if the tropper was traveling within 20% of the posted limit.

2.) had a trooper not been involved the news report wouldn't have assumed a fraction as much. also, it's just my observation from years of watching the news while getting ready for work, but any assumption certainly wouldn't have been in favor of the driver. 

3.) even if every last thing suggested about ferrel was true, you still have a responsibility when operating a vehicle to be aware and in control. if i wasn't on the lookout for drunks wandering into the street i'd smash 5 umd kids every weekend in college park. 

it seems like the fact that someone died here is being downplayed just because an leo was behind the wheel.
these kind of religious folk i like a lot. :-)
it's the pro-rich-and-losers-who-pick-up-their-breadcrumbs faction.
wake up sheeple!
but if god tells him to declare war...
[dataviellance](http://www.anu.edu.au/people/roger.clarke/dv/intro.html)
"wah a source i support by watching it thereby upping its rating so they can have more commercials is not doing what i want and i have no way to control them!"

how about you do some research for yourselves?

ffs, i havent tuned into a news station for anything other than to compare reality with the fairy tale the newscasters live in.

maybe the reason america has gotten a fucking idiot twice in a row has something to do with america acting like a bunch of fucking retards and having to be spoon fed all the information about their candidates.

these ron paul cultists at least have that part right.  think4yourself. 
maybe if they tried something retarded like an armed insurrection (in a state with one of the highest ratio of military personnel to civilians.) the sovereignty movement is working mostly through legislative channels and they have had some successes so far. note that sovereignty doesn't necessarily equal secession - some of the more realistic proposals involve pluralistic government or ceding only certain lands to native hawaiian groups, similar to the reservation system in theory (but hopefully with better results.)
 his brother took money and guns from the cia to lead a violent revolution in tibet. the dl guy is just the front man. talking about the dl like he's some kind of holy man is ludicrous. he's no more holy than gerry adams.
if anyone in america was actually oppressed..

the fact that they are so openly rabid kind of proves that they arent oppressed.
i'm not denying that. but america pre-fdr and america post-fdr is just two different entities. domestically, it made it ok for the federal government to spend tons of cash. internationally, america took a far, far greater role. 
&gt;do some research.

you might benefit from taking your own advice to heart. it appears that your consideration of mohammad and his attitude about jewish people is less than informed or just confused. it's important to distinguish the difference between specific incidents with specific jewish tribes and jewish persons mohammad interacted with, and the whole jewish race. coming to a fuller sense of the context of mohammad's life could also help a lot. to that end, martin lings rendered an excellent biography of mohammad in english, based on the earliest sources. it's not a sugar-coated work by any means, rather, graphic and informative. if you're interested.  
sadly only 12% of those people will vote.
the fact is that america is the only system ruled by a decent system of law that is trying anything *but* the western norm of socialized medicine.  no one has given a capitalist system a fair shot because by and large, advanced western democracies learn they can vote themselves money, which slowly destroys them, as we see in europe with their unsustainable welfare systems that their aging populations cannot pay for.
he was 12 numbnuts.
glad to see you dont know much about him.

hey, since cain was a murder does that make able a murderer too?
current politicians being so totally at odds with public opinion creates something of a power vacuum though.
&gt;*"...at least $9 billion has gone missing"*

ah, doesn't matter! plenty more from where that came from...
nah, they just killed everyone.

ive seen mulan damnit!
&gt; i have no idea why he's not more popular. 

because he's a dwarf.  would you vote for gimli?

  no thank allah!!      edit: hellllloooo satire!!
agreed, mostly.  i'm pretty sure that even if the sovereignty movement got too close to a peaceful secession, the government would bring a quick end to all of it. 
&gt;i wonder if those downmodding this within seconds of it appearing would be doing so if they had read that the warning is sounded because of dependence on entitlement programs?

silly independent, this article cites recent changes to the medicare program, not entitlement programs.
what do you mean they don't deliver it?  if it's socialized they'll be running the entire show.  
henceforth known as the ticking synagogue
 yo!  [over here](http://www.peachpundit.com/2007/10/16/a-town-hall-meeting-to-discuss-the-paramount-right-to-life-and-a-potential-statewide-abortion-ban/#comments).  georgia. 

click the link if you don't believe me.
 the point is that it's not socialized.  nobody has proposed socialized medicine in the united states, no matter what the far-right wing extremists want you to believe.  if you believe that the us is headed for socialized medicine, you've had the wool pulled over your eyes.  the proposals in the us are all for universal health care coverage, i.e. insurance.  not health care services.  the care is still provided by a combination of private and public facilities, the same as it is now in the united states.  if a clinic is private, it still remains private in a universal health care coverage system.  the only thing that changes is the entity making the insurance payout.  it's health care financing, not health care delivery. 
  because anonymgrl isn't even trying to hide her agenda anymore.  

as soon as she sees a story about a muslim helping an israeli she immediately thinks of how much she hates bush and how a story like this makes it seem like islamic terrorists could not possibly exist.  which, by the way, is the same reason the new york times prints this kind of stuff.  
it is a dark day on reddit when i agree with judgmentalist.


 don't forget to explode the capitol building with a fertilizer bomb train. 
&gt; the american public is a small factor, as elections have repeatedly shown

ouch.
i'm voting for hilary because war with iran + sagging breasts is better than war + sagging balls.
i thought the brilliant scheme was that reagan was going to fix all of carter's catastrophes?  which he did by the way.
anyone who has read any of pnac's documents knows this. they cite the need for a pearl harbor-like event in order to carry out their agenda.
what? no questions about torture?  impeachment?  iran?

according to this quiz, i shouldn't have crossed gravel or tancredo off my list so quickly.  make more questions, then we'll see.

although, i do like the feature where you can weigh the importance of the issues.  now if there were more issues in the first place...
it's called pandering to your base.  it happens on both sides during the primaries and generally fades when they get in to the elections.

yes, it's an ugly part of politics but it's played on both sides of the aisle.  
 ok, so i looked it up, it's [guy fawkes day](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guy_fawkes_day), which "celebrates the foiling of the gunpowder plot in which a group of catholic conspirators, led by one robert catesby, and including guy fawkes, attempted to blow up the houses of parliament in westminster on the evening of 5 november 1605, when the protestant james i of england (james vi of scotland), his eldest sons, and the majority of the english parliament were within its walls. the conspirators were later tortured and executed."

i don't see how this is relevant to our election, but whatever :) 
&gt; ron paul has said that his intent is to allow states to require school prayer and to forbid the supreme court from hearing the cases.

article?
didn't you even research your candidate? paul's views on school prayers and the connection to hr300 are hardly hidden, arcane knowledge.

good grief.
&gt;(fact: you don't matter)

:(
telling adults how to live their life isn't just tacky, it's fascist.  people hit you for saying things like that if you do it in person.  i suppose you don't deal with people in person much.

is that how you chose "knockedout" as a nick?
dude already played the president in "the 5th element".
 &gt;would you vote for gimli?

aye, he'd have my strength and steel! 
man, you have a ron paul obsession.
even if tibet was given "self government," there are more pro-china ethnic chinese in tibet than tibetan's thanks to the prc's efforts, so the point is now moot.  tibet will only become more integrated with china as time goes on, and a large portion of tibetan culture will slowly fade away.  it is an irreversible process at this point.
spoken as somebody that's looking to get into the pockets of others.  the only guarantee in life is that you will die eventually.  the rest is up to you and luck.
... and my axe!

beats blathering your socialist unprovable vomit over and over.  i'm sure your folks are proud you almost made it off the short bus.
&gt;yeah, 'cause what you care about when it comes to health care are waiting times.

good point.  i should have used the numerous examples of how government has continually screwed up the most simple of tasks i have asked of them.
  you're wrong and you can look it up here:

http://www.ontheissues.org/2008/ron_paul_education.htm

ron paul voted no to prevent schools from having a "quiet time" for prayer each morning during the war on terror. that is similar to  your above example.

ron paul also voted for a clarifying amendment that would ensure schools could not prevent students from praying individually or in groups. that was my second example from above.
  
you can't fucking subtract, wtf?????????????
hilarious :)
ha. funny stuff. what a tool wisecup is. just another overgrown fratboy thinking he's a bigshot. 
yeah, nice dilemma you set up there; it's either the biggest city in the us or a rural area that can't even support a health care center...
yeah, i'd vote for dane cook or larry the cable guy first.  and by that i mean someone would drag my dead hand into the voting booth and pull the lever for those other unfunny hacks.
constitution protects me from asking my wife if she wants me to pick up anything on my way home!  news at eleven!!111oneeleven!!
this guy's almost half as crazy as giuliani, i urge you to reconsider.
fuck video.  if it's important, you'll transcribe it into words.
oh shit it is a negro
well you're right.  the new revision on the schip bill is not socialized health care.  it's socialized health care in its alpha stage.  the first step towards socializing health care.  

what happens if the next revision of this bill calls for all people who make less then $200,000 a year or are under the age of 47 to be eligible?  my point is, where does it stop?  


no.  i'm equating my experience with all government agencies that deal with the public.  and frankly, none of them have been good.  i get better service at dennie's.
is there a pro-ron paul reddit post bot or are you still doing it manually?
these ron paul cultists at least have that part right. think4yourself.

do what i say, not what i do?
this one isn't really a pro-ron paul post.
kucinich is the most sane person running.
modded up for a story from my city. and yes, there are jewish people here.
but it is in the sense that every fooking headline in the world at all associated with paul apparently needs to be on the main page of reddit.

i should have said "pro-ron-paul-discussion-post-bot."
i stand corrected.
no, mine is a douchebag.
i'm willing to bet that he'll donate another $2300 for the general election if hillary wins the primary.
the property taxes are low relative to northern states but i'm not sure about other southern states. the state income taxes and sales taxes are not very low, however.
why is this getting downmodded? it's a fact, it's new news, and it's not opinionated.
i doubt that.
  [mankiw](http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/2007/10/white-house-on-schip.html) does an excellent job of presenting the pro-veto side. as a former economic advisor to president bush, he may be considered authoritative on the subject. 

and really, have you never studied any pro-market philosophy? can you really not imagine why anybody would oppose this bill? 

pretty much every leader of political and economic thought in the 18th, 19th, and a good part of the 20th centuries would oppose this bill. they've fallen out of style, but their philosophies were seminal in founding the modern world (locke, bastiat, smith, ricardo, jefferson, friedman, hayek, mises, nozick, hundreds of others). it is certainly worth being able to understand the anti-socialist position if you want to understand where we are as a species.   
the 33% are the super rich or the super stupid.
 nafta expansion lead to civil war in the us?  i highly doubt it.  although the economic effects would be felt throughout the us, most us citizens don't have any idea what nafta is, let alone understand how an economic problem they're having might be caused by it.

war with iran is a different story.
building bridges between two irrational faiths with gods that each say the other is not really a god...good luck.
not nearly unbiased, but you gave it a good try.
no, this proves that the 30% that still support these buffoons are idiots because they believe this crap these candidates are handing out.  and if they don't hand it out, they're *not conservative enough*.
&gt;ron paul voted no to prevent schools from having a "quiet time" for prayer each morning during the war on terror.

that was a resolution. it had no effect whatsoever. 

when it counts, this is what he had to say about taking away our right to seek relief in federal court for religious persecution by states:

&gt;madam speaker, i rise to introduce the we the people act. the we the people act forbids federal courts, including the supreme court, from adjudicating cases concerning state laws and polices relating to religious liberties or ``privacy

pretty cut and dried. he forbids the supreme court to restore religious liberties taken away by states.

go back and listen carefully to the 30 minute interview he recently gave, when he talks about school prayer. he wants states, not parents, to be able to dictate what prayers children say in school. 

i don't know why this comes as a surprise to you. ron paul is an active member of an organization that claims the separation of church and state is a "myth" and has vowed to end it! 

&gt;ron paul also voted for a clarifying amendment that would ensure schools could not prevent students from praying individually or in groups.

another pointless vote. the first amendment already allows this, as the scotus has affirmed! if this were all he wanted, he wouldn't be trying to invalidate scotus precedents against religious discrimination and persecution.
  
  i have a much bigger fear than a civil war in the us.  i most fear that things will continue to go in the direction they've been going and our country will be destroyed without a shot being fired.  i fear that our country will be  completely usurped by a coup de tat that happens right before our eyes using rigged voting machines, propaganda and misinformation, resulting in a complete loss of our democracy and constitutional rights.
it's not socialized medicine in its alpha stages at all.  that really bothers me as a talking point because that's simply not a possibility in the us.  a) the hospitals would never stand for it.  b) the physicians would never stand for it.  c) the lobbyists for the health care industry are far far too powerful for that to ever happen.  it is the beginning of a universal health care coverage system which isn't a bad thing at all.  if anything, it will stem the 16% gdp expenditure the us pays in health care, 53% of which is expenditures on private insurance and private spending.  you want to pay less for the same quality of health care?  make it a single payer, government administered health insurance system.  the physicians remain the same, the hospitals remain the same, the service remains the same.  risk pooling over the entire population greatly lowers health care costs and increases negotiating power for services and prescription drugs (drugs accounting for 11-16% of our health care expenditure).  if you're so worried about cost, then look at the cost of private insurance that you're paying out of pocket.  the insurance premium for the average family of 4 in the us is $11,500, usually split 60/40 between employer/employee.  there's no saying that insurance you pay for will actually be of any use seeing as insurance companies can deny you at the drop of a hat, and i've seen more than my fair share of this over the years.  single payer allows for a 17% reduction in administration and billing (34% currently in the us, 17% in canada...you'd call this the "bureaucratic overhead" if you referred to it in a governmental system versus a private system).  reduction in that overhead alone would lead to substantial savings.  you'd probably get the average family of four health care down into the range of a couple grand a year.  essentially, you wouldn't have to worry about, "oh me!  oh my!  where does it end?!" because everybody would be covered, with the same damn health care they are receiving now considering the infrastructure for delivery still remains the same, yet you end up taking home a larger paycheck at the end of the day.  

bottom line: more money in your (as well as your employer's) back pocket.  socialized medicine?  nope.  that's a far-right extremist talking point and nothing more.  it holds no water.        
so true, he looked like he wanted to fight. forget political discourse, forget answering the tough questions.  you're unamerican and i can beat you up, ya damn hippie nerd!
it's as they say in the thread above. we are a small factor, because we have continued to be docile. 
why would you doubt that?  haven't you seen all the video of blackwater agents slaughtering women and children in iraq with absolutely no provocation?  killers who are able to do that to clearly innocent iraqis would have zero problem doing the same to people labeled "homegrown terrorists trying to destroy the united states."
 it's not--you're speaking of axiomatic truth.  that is, it's true because it's defined as such.  however, what you're stating isn't axiomatic, although you are trying to frame the discussion in that way.

overall, it was just a wise-ass interjection on my part into an argument i find entirely uninteresting.   
why do people keep bringing up the 'founding fathers'?  this country has nothing to do with them anymore.  get over the shock.  this place is something else a long time ago.
do you need a free synagogue?
i guess there's no room for the tenth amendment in there. 
thank your fellow man.
   67 percent out of (how many)people.  i find it funny how folks here can comment on the article without first asking this simple question. use your brain's sheeple.  
you people have no sense of humor.
why didn't i hear this kind of "let's keep trying, only x more votes to override the veto" on the iraq spending bill?
i was going to say the same thing. look how long it took the commerce department to finally get rid of zeroing, even after numerous arbitrations and un reports.
*woosh!*

that's the sound of the clue train passing you by.
yeah, just like i'm forever indebted to the guy who had the unhealthy ruben askew obsession back in '84.
any particular way you care to frame it,  vetoing the bill did not "veto health care for children".  it vetoed possible additional health care for some children with unclear viability of funding.
yayyyyy
did the episode come out on east coast? i just watched the daily show segment.
 i know my city's layout like the back of my hand. i have a springfield m1a i have personally match conditioned to shoot 1 moa groups. i have a few hundred rounds on hand, a ghillie suit, and body armor. i can shoot and dissappear until there are no mercs left. i am not the only american who is prepared to serve in the general unorganized militia as the constitution dictates.

i served in iraq, and i met blackwater employees who were not bloodthirsty killers. killing people of a completely different culture on the other side of the globe when there are insurgents blending in among them who want to kill you is much easier than shooting up your neighbors.

klmd makes a good point: 1000 men can't do much.  
totally against the positive spirit of this article.
let us see if ronpaulidiots can think for themselves...

i order that all ronpaulidiots present shall downmod all my posts on this thread.
pull out!

&gt; you wonder why the far right wing extremists always focus on canada? it's the only argument they have going for them, and even then, only on a few limited statistics.

well it also helps that canada has substantially underfunded their health care infrastructure for the last decade in order to get out from under massive deficits. i suspect in 5-10 years the story for canada will be quite different... as will the us, given it's current borrowing issues.

there actually used to be a time americans came to canada for surgery in order to avoid insane wait times. :-)
colbert would get my vote over hillary or guiliani.
so what?
the jewish scriptures don't mention allah in the least... possibly because they were written, by some estimates, almost two millennium prior to the invention of islam. muslims claim their god is the same god of the jews and christians, but those j00000s and kkkhristians somehow corrupted the original message.
and jewish scriptures are an amalgamation of all sorts of previous religious practices (and maybe some new innovations too). there really was no original message. 
no! he's gandalf!
who does aipac favor in 2008?  almost everyone
&gt;are they intentionally trying to draw a parallel with some sort of cult? why aren't clinton or giuliani supporters described in this manner?

[i don't see clinton or giuliani hymns either...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmkwle3fo-y)
they are not completely different.  you can keep insisting so but that doesn't make it so.  at best we will have to agree to disagree on that, which seems to be your central point.
&gt; neither would a publicly funded health system.

i wouldn't assume that. most publicly funded health systems don't have the same wait times or overworked doctors that the us system has.

&gt; it will probably be impossible to get more working hours from doctors.

that i agree with. however, it is entirely possible to a) reduce the need for doctors and b) increase the number of doctors in the system.

&gt; if the government starts paying for health care, how will that increase the amount of health care provided?

talk to doctors in the industry. i know a lot who have retired early because the insurance companies have made it close to impossible for them to operate at a profit.

&gt; all the government can do is redistribute the care that already exists.

exactly! amazingly, this can make a huge difference. think about the us public health campaigns of the 50's. they worked on improving the health of the *entire* population, because this reduced occurance of disease for everyone. having 50% of your population without proper health care creates a breeding ground for all kinds of colourful diseases. the best part is that when that 50% reach a life-or-death state, they actually get health care and the costs are effectively distributed to those who have insurance. so, everyone is getting covered, but only when you have very expensive life-or-death types of situations. you also have problems with the profit motive getting in the way of the best distribution of health care. right now it is way more profitable to be specialist who works on highly complex and expensive procedures used by a few than to be someone who saves lives simply by handing out antibiotics or basic medical advice to the many.

in general, private health care tends to do an extraordinary job once you are all the way in to the moral hazard of a life-or-death emergency. it often does this at the expense of taking preventative or basic health care measures that could reduce overall costs while simultaneously improve overall standard of living.

the problem is sadly kind of the reverse of the tragedy of the commons.
lol.  you can apply another layer of tin foil now.
i think the logic is that part of the reason for our participation in wwii in europe was the holocaust.
he announced on the report :) good call!
 in the south carolina primary, as a [favorite son](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/favorite_son).

no announced running mate yet -- maybe huckabee, putin, or colbert ("cole-burt").

as a republican...and as a democrat.
heey...

(''
&gt;we need to tear down the old house before we can start building a new one.

but where would we live in the meantime? on that note, [no more metaphors.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=386jprxxu90)
and the democrats that were voted in to end the war were not the republicans, but the same institutional influences were there to make them destructive as well.
would be nice to see percentage by state
when did everyone start liking ron paul, after the first debate?
he's in iran
not only that, he's also an african-american.
&gt; spoken as somebody that's looking to get into the pockets of others. the only guarantee in life is that you will die eventually. the rest is up to you and luck.

spoken as somebody who thinks they have enough money that they can buy whatever health care they might need. :-)

seriously, the only way to avoid having a system where you don't get "into the pockets of others" is to ban insurance all together and have people effectively self-insure.

along a similar line of thinking, there is really no need for a military. i mean, if someone tries to kill you because you are getting in their way, that's just bad luck, and assembling a military is just "looking to get into the pockets of others". it all seems great with anarchist political theory, but in practice communities can benefit from shared interests and spreading the weight from risks.
how are they rebeling
it takes a supremely confident idiot to miss entirely what i said, quote the clearest part of it, and then misconstrue it.
"tough line"  why do people keep saying that?



hehe
&gt; i should have used the numerous examples of how government has continually screwed up the most simple of tasks i have asked of them.

fortunately one can't say the same for private enterprise.
yup. it's just sort of disappointing that all this freedom and technology is being wasted. once upon a time they said tv would educate the masses. 

tell you what though, how do you gauge what is true? i don't want to miss the important stuff just because it happened to fall out of bill o'reilly's mouth. it sure would be handy to know in advance.
please no rudy
i knew it
i love it.

"killing brown people is different than killing americans."

this is why i spent 90% of my time in iraq arresting kids who thought the war was halo.

you really think you can take out 1000 people eh?  thats pretty cool, you got some h4x?

90% of those guns are in snoop dogg's basement though.
now *this* should be news:

"gravel poses an interesting threat to the current political power structure. for the past ten years he has been conducting research and working with constitutional law experts to enact a law called the national initiative for democracy that would make the people a fourth branch of government. much like local and state initiatives, voters would have a say on what becomes law in this country. that means people would be able to address issues such as the iraq war, climate change, healthcare, or even the electoral college."
check the mirror.

ron paul people are currently a circle jerk, not a thinking body of people.

i didn't misconstrue anything,  you just can't see things properly because you are part of the circle jerk.
because he is short and ugly. no short and ugly person can be the president of the united states.

since the advent of television those two critera have been a better predictor of the race then any other factor.
do you get erections from flamebaiting people on message boards?
when he opened his mouth?
“the most significant problem with hitchens’s argument is precisely that it does belong in the 18th century, that is, in a time when it was still possible to declaim upon how religion poisons everything (the subtitle of hitchens’s book). in those heady days of overt deism and covert atheism, enemies of religion could gather together, exchange stories of religious hypocrisy and savagery, and imagine that once the poisoned barbs of christianity were removed from innocent human flesh, and priests and kings were suitably strung up by each other’s entrails, the world would breathe a long and peaceful sigh of relief. that was before the french revolution, before stalin, before hitler, before mao, before pol pot; in short, before any actual attempt to politically eliminate either christianity in particular or all religion in general, and set up a regime based entirely on secular foundations. before it was ever tried in earnest, the intellectual atheist could wade through many a hypothetical reverie of the innocent and edenic future of practical atheism. that is the whole problem with hitchens’s book: he still thinks he has that enviable luxury. his finale — a mere seven pages long — is titled “the need for a new enlightenment,” as if it hadn’t been tried already and found woefully wanting.” (benjamin d. wiker, “the best mind of the 18th century,”, insidecatholic.com, 20 september 2007)
quite a few are openly declaring they wont go to war in iran.  started a few months ago but now it seems to have picked up speed.

im surprised they arent arresting these people for attempted mutiny, because it could be taken that way if the wrong parties heard you say it.
 limbaugh: i'll tell you, folks, i'm just a fat, drug-addled douche bag.
according to google trends, it was in may when ron paul wins msnbc debate poll
...and communities fail from people falling for the people that claim to be helping shared interests when they are actually self-serving.  you might have a heart of gold for all i know but the people that administer government programs don't tend that way.  i've worked for the government,  i know, and i didn't give a flying fuck about anything but people not bothering me and getting paid.
yah, yah you did.

i actually dont support ron paul at all.  nice try though.

so, you cant really think clearly, and you think anyone who at least thinks for themselves is in a circle jerk.  guess we know which side of the road you live on, the bushie one.




all joking aside, if you think that thinking for yourself leads to a circle jerk then im sorry, you need to stab yourself in the face until that thought process has been corrected.
the eisenhowers are extinct. their fire has gone out of the universe. you, my friend, are all that remains of their religion. 
shit, before i picked who i am voting for i spent probably 20 manhours just at house.gov checking him out to see if he voted the way he presented himself.
evidence demands a verdict. when i posted about "chemtrails" on my blog, the same day the department of defense, boeing, warren air force base, a metals supplier and some other interesting ip addresses from washington showed up there. i removed the post. 

the fact that they even showed up after i posted about chemtrails only added to the mystery of chemtrails. i speculate that boeing makes the tankers that do the spraying, the airforce does the spraying, the department of defense is behind the spraying and the metals supplier provides the micronized aluminum and barium in the spray. 

just perhaps this dude was 'taken out' because he threatened to 'let the cat out of the bag' if his monthly pay were not increased. after all just about $14000 a month is a lot of cash for one dude who has an undefined mysterious job definition.

do your own homework and post about chemtrails and watch them flock to your site. i used a 'stat counter' service based in ireland that shows all traffic and related data, such as location, date and time. now only 5 'proxy' ip's show up from washington on a daily basis. i guess they keep tabs on you once you surface with a post relating to their activitys. i only did it once and yet they still keep an eye on me. i find that to be very courious, don't you?




   fail.

a i've actually voted for paul multiple times for congress,  i don't find him to be a good presidential candidate because he's an idiot on foreign policy.

b i voted for badnarik last time around.

so you made multiple failed assumptions and you are the victor of what?  nothing,  just like before.  go pat yourself on the back.  

kneejerky paul supporters do not think for themself.  they come across as rabid lunatics on the internet and in real life and they will actually torpedo him even getting to be a congressman after all is said and done in this election. 
  as ridiculous as bush and cheney (and the electoral system that gave us them, and will soon give us another team of clowns) have been, the only thing that would be worse would be a publicly-acknowledged military coup, be it through overthrow or merely an intentional breaking of the chain of command.

why?  because it would turn the u.s. into a banana republic way faster than bush and cheney are currently doing it.

the difference is the *rule of law*.  right now, bush and cheney are eroding the constitution using constitutional processes. they're doing everything they can, within and slightly outside the law, in order to change the law to make them more powerful.  on the surface, the world and americans still believe there's a system and that the politicians must work within it. 

as soon as the military stops paying attention to the commander-in-chief, we get the same situation you see in all those little countries where there's a coup every few years. the precedent gets set that if the military (or any powerful-enough junta) wants to "set things right" with the current round of corruption, it has a way to do so. this makes the constitutional 3-branch system a mere illusion.    
too late
we were already at war with germany before the nazis instituted "the final solution", hence it could not have been the reason for our entry into the war.  as i remember hitler declared war on  the us because we declared war on japan after pearl harbor.  i think we were more concerned with protecting what we had and containing an expanding power, than what was going on internally within the third reich.  well, whatever, it doesn't really matter much now.
wow.  i fucking hate rush, and even i think he has a point.

if anyone has ever been interviewed by a reporter doing a story not *about* you, but *against* you, then you might have a kernel of sympathy for the dickwad that is rl.

a lot of people subscribe to the myth that reporters don't have agendas, but it's not always true.  some of them twist the truth as much as limbaugh does for their own purposes.
and the other 10% were just confiscated from ti's house.
do you really care about the difference between murders and killings? i didn't think psychopaths would.
american gun owners would join blackwater. they have been praying for this scenario forever now.

"who the fuck keeps peeing in the god damn sink!" -abraham lincoln
there is no ethical difference between state sponsored killings and murder.
so is this the first or second year ap (after peak)?  or will 2006 ad be 0 ap, 2007 ad =&gt; 1 ap, und so weiter (sp??)
i can't speak to all of those you listed, but scientists are **not** government workers...yet.  at least 1/3 of their grant money does come from the federal government, and that is generally the first step the government takes toward exerting some level of control (e.g. health care, state public schools, farmers!, roads), but in physics, and as far as i know in other areas of science (not sure about biology), that money does not yet come with conditions.

most of the economists brought into the government are selected in part because they hold views of economics that allow politicians to feel justified in trying to mess with the economy.
what, a military in the field doing things that aren't approved by the top commanders?  say it ain't so...
well, it's almost too late.  

the coup de tat and loss of our right and democracy has happened.  but, we still have a chance to not lose our country for good.  if the remaining political groups in power that still have some level of independence left (or even radical armed militia groups) would rally and force the administration to be brought to justice, then our country could be saved. 

it's possible to save our country, but time is running out.
 you are killing me and my wife.  she thinks you are just joking and that you cant be that stupid, i think its very possible.


i have yet to make any assumptions about you other than that you are a moron that is using bush administration logic, which is exactly what you are doing.  the fact that you voted for badnarik is pretty damning evidence as well.  so..i guess you should get back to that knife.


 
john edwards is too idealistic and unrealistic for his own good. i supported him in 2004 (especially after he steamrolled cheney in the vp debates), but not now.
just like at kent state?
&gt; you might have a heart of gold for all i know but the people that administer government programs don't tend that way. i've worked for the government, i know, and i didn't give a flying fuck about anything but people not bothering me and getting paid.

and this is terribly different from the folks in private enterprise how? did you experience some kind of weird ethical conversion when your paycheck stopped coming from uncle sam?

people who want the most reward for the least amount of work aren't exactly an unusual phenomenon in any aspect of society. that is one of the reasons why recognition of shared adversity is needed in order to ensure that a community survive.
i don't know. i only say this after talking to other people and hearing their responses. a lot more are against it than you might think.
ron paul is an extremist when it comes to domestic policy.  
of course not. how can the people carrying out apartheid claim no knowledge of what is happening to the people they are raping?
the us also *had* a healthy anti-aristocratic tradition ...  cant reconcile that with the fawning over roosevelt, kennedy, bush, or clinton "dynasties" or wannabe dynasties.
 putting a selfish person or persons in charge of a large-scale program of how adversity is to be shared by the masses is a good idea based on this?  a program the masses have no direct vote on or anything close to direct control as to how it's administered? i can change my health insurance company but i'm kind of stuck with the us government unless i move, which is not as easy to do.
hilarious!  i haven't had a laugh like that in quite some time.
killing people of a completely different culture: exactly.  think about how many differences can be exploited right here at home.  they'll deploy the arkansas guard to minnesota, the minnesota guard to california, the california guard to alabama, and so on...
here's something to consider:

according to the latest polls, ron paul currently has more support than mainstream democratic candidates joe biden and chris dodd *combined*.

http://www.cnn.com/2007/politics/10/16/schneider.poll/index.html
it isn't different in that it is any more or less wrong, but it is easier. you don't see their humanity as easily if you don't look beyond their lifestyle and physical appearance.

you spent time in iraq arresting kids who thought a war was halo? clarify please?

and no, by myself i couldn't take out 1000 blackwater gunmen. however, i doubt that my small town in central wi has the strategic value to merit blackwater sending 100% of their forces here.
i declare jihad on the spirit of this article
 that seems like a leading question...   
leading and of course, anti-semitic
 you are way easier to troll than you should be for a self-proclaimed intelligent person.  take that as you will.

reddit is full of idiots and i like to fuck with them.  you should feel honored.  gives me something to do since i'm currently banned from fark for trolling idiots.  another pat on the back.  fuck it,  ask wifey to go get you a beer and maybe have a shag later.

have at the mirror again,  hero. 
the modern day doctor shortage stems from the balanced budget act of 1994 and 1997 where medicare education payouts were decreased to medical schools.  that actually happened at the request of the ama, but now, they've realized the doctor and nursing shortage on the horizon and have changed their tune.  the simplest way to increase the number of doctors and nurses in the field is to reinstate the medicare education funds that were withdrawn to allow larger enrollments in medical schools.  the number of doctors and nurses would increase shortly thereafter thereby increasing the amount of health care available.  there is no shortage of candidates actually applying to medical school as the number of applicants has been increasing since 2002.  the matriculation rate, however, remains relatively stagnant and is a bit less than half of those who apply.  
well, the problem with melvyn goldstein is that his other works of literature (particularly his standalone books) are subtlely anti-tibetan. then again, tibetan studies is an area where the experts are usually of two extremes.

on a related note, i did a paper a while back on the wealth and consolidation of property within tibetan monasteries. i was fairly amazed at how much it resembled a company, with several positions specifically for the management of specific goods and finances (and even scheduling!). it was as if tibet was a corporatist state, but replace the corporation with the monastery.
&gt;an argument i find entirely uninteresting.
&gt;i wouldn't assume that. most publicly funded health systems don't have the same wait times or overworked doctors that the us system has.

that might be the case. i suspect this is because either those countries have a greater supply of medical care (caused by less stringent medical licensing, for instance), or a lesser need for it (caused by better general health).

&gt;that i agree with. however, it is entirely possible to a) reduce the need for doctors and b) increase the number of doctors in the system.

right now the government is actively preventing both of these.

a) my girlfriend wants birth control pills. thanks to the government, she needs a doctors permission first. so instead of providing medical services, a doctor wastes time writing her a permission slip to buy pills.

my (state) government also does not allow me to get medical assistance from a professional with less than an md (e.g., a nurse practitioner). so a doctor has to waste his time doing the job of a nurse practitioner, and someone who really needs him can't get care.

to tackle b), allow more medical schools to be built, and make it easier to get a medical license. again, this is something the government is actively preventing.

&gt;exactly! amazingly, this can make a huge difference. think about the us public health campaigns of the 50's.

singing frog: "wash your hands before you eat, and you will get a tasty treat?" 

that worked great. so did vaccination. but i'm not sure what the relevance is here. it's not like the government redistributed a limited supply of vaccine/knowledge of hygene. they simply produced more. i don't think thats possible for the current situation.

&gt;they worked on improving the health of the entire population, because this reduced occurance of disease for everyone.having 50% of your population without proper health care creates a breeding ground for all kinds of colourful diseases.

the public health campaigns weren't redistributing anything. they were mostly just spreading knowledge/vaccines. both knowledge and vaccines are easy to make more of. medical services are harder.

&gt;you also have problems with the profit motive getting in the way of the best distribution of health care. right now it is way more profitable to be specialist who works on highly complex and expensive procedures used by a few than to be someone who saves lives simply by handing out antibiotics or basic medical advice to the many.

it's more profitable to be a ph.d. in cs doing highly complex and expensive machine learning, than it is to be a help desk guy with an mcse. but for some reason, many people actually do the latter job. why?

the helpdesk job takes 6 months of training, the profitable job takes 9 years of training.

thanks to medical licensing laws, the "helpdesk" type medical jobs (giving antibiotics/basic medical advice) are only done by mds. that's as dumb as requiring a ph.d. before you can clean spyware off people's computers.

this is a problem caused (partially) by the government. i don't see how getting them to take money from me and give it to the md's/beaurocrats will fix this.


romney *will* lose. he has a pathetic 13% support in the polls. the only reason the press even considers him one of the "mainstream" candidates is because of his ken doll appearance. in reality, he's a second-tier candidate, way behind giuliani, thompson, and even mccain. so yes, romney will lose. and so will ron paul.
 the differences aren't that vast...well, the california guardsmen might get a little culture shock patrolling new york city lol. i don't think they'll send guard units across the country simply for logistical reasons. also, having an ao they know would benefit them greatly. 
what do you know of ethics? this one i'm certain of, psychopaths have no conception of ethics. and we both remember the fact that you're a psychopath, don't we?
buh-bye, pervs!
 republicans will nominate giuliani, and democrats will nominate clinton. this country's problems will not be worked out anytime soon. 

and the republican party will never be libertarian. at its core, republicans are nationalists, and that conflicts heavily with ideas of personal liberty.
so?  not disprovable,  just uninteresting because the only truths are the ones you find interesting?

keep digging that hole and thinking you are being clever.
i was an mp in iraq and in afghanistan.

lots of the yuppie kids who joined up thought we were going to be there for a few weeks, kick some ass, go home.  then they all got whiney and quite a few did whatever they could to get discharged.  i think i had a month where i saw more self inflicted injuries than i saw combat injuries.  and yah, quite a few bar fights because boys apparently will be boys with tiny penises that need to flex their muscles by beating up anyone who doesnt drink the same horse piss.

anyways

there is no difference between killing arabs and killing americans.  the only difference is that you get rewarded for the former and jailed for the latter.


the gold standard is a thing of the past.

smart investors are putting their money into ron paul futures. you can currently snatch up 10 grams of doctor paul for just $7325 plus tax. llewelyn rockwell (okay, i admit he's a big nobody, but he sure *sounds* like somebody!) predicts that the same 10 grams will be going for over $8400 on the chicago mercantile exchange within 12 months.
is it "the church," as in the catholic church?  or against self-righteous twits that call themselves "christian" but who are secretly freaks?
it would be anti semitic if the people in israel were semites. they are not so it isn't.

if anything it's pro semitic since virtually all the palestenians are semites.

yeah you're a regular buddha revealing great truths there, champ.  
if only there was another ron paul thread on reddit...
or perhaps think of them as the people that were born with hydroencephalitis that like to support non-viable political candidates?
 but would the benefit of semi-familiar territory (i.e. ca is about as big as iraq) be greater than the benefits of not having to fire on people that seem familiar to you (iowans in the rural black south)?  

i really don't know the answer, but iirc, this tactic has been used in the past. 
that was actually sort of funny.
i'll give you an up-arrow.
what a naive idiot. good luck getting those rich jews to build a mosque for free.
freedom is popular.
oooooooo!!!!!  somebody got a new copy of das kapital at the municipal college bookstore!
that line struck me as well -- ouch is right. and the sting of the insult is followed by the pain of truth.
does his family include the adopted cabana boys he goes to visit with his suitcase stuffed full of oxy and viagra?
you're a hero among failed trolls.  since you like the mansechs,  how about you go look in the mirror and alternate that with sucking your own dick?
not with ron paul people on reddit because we aren't supposed to laugh at them (according to them).
stephen colbert announced this?
?
   i'm sorry if i came off as condescending. when you said net neutrality was about "having internet access" i kind of assumed you didn't know what you were talking about.

that being said, i don't think net neutrality is simply a bandage for barriers to competition. even in a competitive free market, net neutrality would not flourish. it's more like artificially forcing the net to be a level playing field; in a free market most users would pay a little less for lower qos, and some users would pay much more for higher qos. most people would be happy with slightly cheaper internet access, until somebody tries to start a web business. they'll realize that if they want to compete, they have to pay much more.

in that way, net neutrality is a bulwark against web monopolies. it also protects free speech. without the ability to publish their own material, common users would lose ground to corporations in web content. nonprofit websites wouldn't be able to raise the money for their increased fees. the web would become like television - a medium dominated by big businesses. another aspect of net neutrality that is often overlooked is the prevention of isps from blocking certain sites and protocols. the importance of that is pretty obvious.

and remember: it's the corporate lobbyists who are pushing against net neutrality. this isn't a bandage for that problem, but it would be a failure in that area to give in.   
hell, they'd love to kill the damn libruhls.
health care providers get their supplies from the same suppliers.  if some providers have huge amounts of government money, the cost of supplies will, as they have been, go up in price.  private practices won't have access to that kind of money since their income comes from only individuals who don't have that much government money.

also, in louisiana (maybe in other states too, don't know that for sure) it has effectively become impossible for an individual doctor to start a private practice that does not take medicare and such.  that has happened because laws were passed that required all doctors to take large fees of some kind, but those laws were not enforced on large hospitals friendly with the government, so customers left smaller practices because they became unaffordable.  sure we can still have private health care providers, it's just unaffordable for their customers.
"will be"?
primarily [zoroastrianism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoroastrianism), it would seem.
the thing is that it's a few rich businessmen pushing for it.

same as nafta, but at the same time, it's a bit  upsetting to see that the political process isn't really controlled by us.
 this is the problem that the constitution itself is supposed to solve.  it's pretty sad that the congress chooses not to defend itself.

i still think impeachment is flawed.  "the english constitution" explains why. 

the funny thing is that this has kind of happened before, with the military sending orders not to listen to nixon and reagan.
i'm sorry i didn't fully understand your reply. can you reword it please?
indeed. on his show.
new site that allows you to search for and compare thousands on holiday lettings in australia, with detail information, contact details for the managing real estate agent, &amp; even a great map of where the property is..... no more do i have to plough through thousands of different sites, its all in the one place... thank - you!

you might wish to look in on pathology as your specialty.
dammit! the one night i miss his show! arrgggh! he comes back on in an hour though. fuck i'm so pissed!
koran -(5:51): o you who believe! do not take the jews and the christians for friends; they are friends of each other; and whoever amongst you takes them for a friend, then surely he is one of them; surely allah does not guide the unjust people.

koran - (8:12) remember allah inspired the angels: i am with you. give firmness to the believers. i will instill terror into the hearts of the unbelievers: you smite them above their necks and smite all their fingertips off of them.

i'm sorry, what were you saying?
i hope they manage to impletement a group like this. it's their best chance yet to take back their country.
again. for the last time.

the socialized systems do healthcare better than us. that's right. they are better than us. they cost less. they give more care. they give better care. their citizens live longer and better lives.

so why would a free market system be good, when the socialized system is clearly better than our quasi-free market system?

basically, it comes down to this for me. socialized medicine has been tried, and it works. free market medicine has not. the facts and history are on the side of socialized medicine, so that's where i'm hanging my hat.
you get pretty pissed over the truth
damn doc_lee, you're good. glad you jumped in on this thread. i've researched this issue a fair amount, but you really are spot on.
how do we know he didn't stuff the walls with explosives ? get the mossad to do a security sweep right now.
so all muslims are bad and all jews are good?

i dont think so.

i used to buy the media bullshit until i found out that jews own all american media.

guess what nyt isn't jewish owned, wonder why they print news that isn't full of israeli propaganda?
i'm not making an argument but was just trying to answer your question.  it's not a matter of whether it's right or wrong but whether that was the reason for the museum, even if it's not historically accurate.
cheney is a board member of the jewish institute for national security affairs.
why does everyone think private businesses will hold their prices at a certain level and cut out all poor people?  adding a second business into that situation seems solve that problem.
i wish this joe guy would have been a bit more assertive and come up with some valid rebuttals to this douche.
 or flunked out so i can watch you bag my groceries?

my dad is actually a leading pathologist who established a lot of the nih path procedures and although retired  i believe he could do quite a bit for your career if you gave me a proper name as opposed to your stupid nick.

you've got the intelligence and manners of an undertaker, not a physician.

consider it an open offer. i only aim to help (people not have to deal with you when you get more pretentious if you manage to finish your course of study).

oh,  i'm replying to you in the main channel for people who wonder where your side is just so that i can point out what a pretentious twat you are.

consider it a gift from my heart you clever little wannabee doctor.
i don't know if you saw my second comment or not, but  i deleted it because it was an emotional reaction and not constructive to the conversation.  i have a lot of things to say about your replies, etc. but, i honestly don't feel like typing that much.  suffice it to say that the current setup isn't exactly fair; but i don't believe net neutrality will make it any better.  i've also worked for nonprofits and with nonprofits for many years.  believe me, if you have something to offer, you will get the grants.  if not, you won't.  also, i turned off my television long ago.  it's something i can live without.  the internet might be harder to give up, but if push comes to shove i can give that up as well (along with cell phones, video games, and so on and so forth).  my point is this:  in regards to the current situation with the big businesses, the best way to kill the beast is to starve it, and it eats profits.
it's over nine thousanddddddddd
i've not at any point in this excused or dismissed the finland/russia conflict prior to wwii.  why do you continue to pursue the line of logic?  i've never said anything regarding russia's actions.  this is all about finlands actions.  i'm not judging them at all.  i'm just discussing the facts.  did finland cooperate and coordinate with nazi germany to further their existing fight against russia?  yes or no?  if yes, then the fins prior conflict with russia at that time became a part of wwii.  at that point it is no longer "completely different".  why can't you understand that simple point?   
the constitution [grants](http://www.usconstitution.net/const.html#a1sec8) the congress the power to lay taxes to provide for the general welfare.

now, you might argue that this statement is open to interpretation, and that it in fact means "the power to lay taxes to provide for the general welfare *specifically regarding other enumerated powers of congress*".

if you were to argue so, you wouldn't be alone.

however, you should be aware that both [the man on the ten dollar bill](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_hamilton) and [the supreme court of the united states of america](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_v._butler) disagree with you.
fuck. is that what it takes to get a job there?
some guy on npr calls in the other day and rails on bush. then he says that he'd like jeb to run. what the fuck!? seriously how fucking stupid are some people?
mod this down if being an entertainer qualifies  you for the presidency.


i hear ya.
&gt; i can't speak to all of those you listed, but scientists are not government workers...yet.

i didn't imply that "scientists are government workers". i said "some of the top scientists in the world" are government workers. that is very much true. many scientists are employed directly by the government. off the top of my head the doe, dod, nih and epa all directly employ scientists, some of which are at the top of their field.

&gt; most of the economists brought into government are selected in part because they hold views of economics that allow politicians to feel justified in trying to mess with the economy.

a trait that is not necessarily incompatible with being one of the top economists. ;-)
self reply: he is good looking, and he says stuff.

((i hear satan in his wonk ear) i want money for this gem for
 msnbc and fox news)

once they agreed to bring german troops into finland to organize a coordinated attack then it ceased to be their own war against russia.  from that point forward their war against russia and germany's war against russia were intertwined.  how is it possible for them to be fighting a common enemy side by side and for that to be considered a different war?  again, i'm not judging it but once they developed a cooperative relationship with germany that involved sharing resources and troops they no longer pass a bright line test of having their conflict with russia be separate from wwii.
please explain the viagra reference.
great, he'll split the vote and somebody terrible will get in, again.

see: nader, ralph. perot, ross.
1. it's my 4th year.
2. bagging groceries is a respectable job.
3. i don't care who your dad is, and i can't begin to figure out how he is relevant to this thread. daddy can't always bail you out. you mention him like he's royalty, but as you yourself profess...he has no people skills.  
4. calm down asshole.  
it's reminicient of the large-scale french army mutiny of 1917, or the various small-scale mutinies of the u.s. army in vietnam.  this is what happens when enough soldiers begin to perceive the basic inhumanity of higher-ups who command them to undertake costly operations, with inadequate resources, for no discernible benefit to their country.

bush, cheney, and their ilk are parasites who never fought or sacrificed for any cause, and consequently attempt to compensate by being raging militarists.  
please read reddiquette:
&gt;please don't conduct polls using posts. if you feel you must use reddit to conduct a poll do it using a comment. create a self referencing post and then add a comment for readers to mod up or down based on their answer to your poll question. also, be sure to indicate in the title of your post that the polls is being conducted using comments. including something like "(use comments to vote)" in the title would probably be sufficient.

downmodded because i hate karma-whoring polls
who declared the primaries over. oh. some shit blog. cool. 

i disagree with paul, but if enough 'blogoshere' dipshits say it's so, some lazy journalist will write a story about it.
&gt; putting a selfish person or persons in charge of a large-scale program of how adversity is to be shared by the masses is a good idea based on this?

i didn't say that. of course it'd be best to put a non-selfish person in charge of such a program. who is more likely to select a non-selfish person for the job: private enterprise or government? ;-)

&gt; a program the masses have no direct vote on or anything close to direct control as to how it's administered?

i can't tell whether you think you are talking about government or private health insurance. afaik private health insurance never has a direct vote of the people in charge. public health insurance generally doesn't either, but it would be feasible to do so.

&gt; i can change my health insurance company but i'm kind of stuck with the us government unless i move, which is not as easy to do.

actually, if you change your health insurance company, you put yourself at a severe economic disadvantage (you likely lose the leverage of collective bargaining *and* the tax write off). even if you do so, all you are changing is the brand behind your insurance. it is entirely possible that the new company could even hire the people who were running your old insurance to run the new insurance. it is effectively just as indirect a representation system as government managed health care, if not more so.
you aren't the one laughing as much as you think you are.
non-viable as pronounced by the mainstream media. interesting, isn't it?
 no reason to downmod this... it's news none the less.

see [reddiquette](http://politics.reddit.com/help/reddiquette):
&gt;please don't moderate a story based on your opinion of its source. quality of content, not location, is what matters.


i sometimes forget this rule myself...
this is my life.  keep up the good, fair fight, and don't let a talking point ever stand in the way.  knock them down and make sure they understand why they are wrong.  cheers.  
the people excited about this are the same people that go to li every year to see the killer shark and the amityville house.

tv. isn't. real.
  the differences would still not be enough. when you hear people asking you to stop killing them in your own language you probably stop a lot more quickly then when they yell it in arabic. our troops will not fire on our civilians. the well paid members of private security companies may, but their role isn't to kick down doors and search houses. firms like blackwater and triple canopy provide security for individuals and equipment, they don't act as occupying forces or conduct patrols. they are not under military, so control i doubt we would have them beating and tasing us in the streets. if that is your greatest fear, you should read up on current events more.  
non-viable as pronounced by a libertarian texan that's voted for paul more than you ever will in your life.  you are welcome.
get back to me when you have a method to rid yourself of deadwood government bureaucrats.

try googling "agency capture".
here's the [ap story](http://ap.google.com/article/aleqm5hfzxf7xlwi7il2dvee6la0nvo--gd8saoeeg1) on it.
 oh my, you're clearly misunderstood then.  your post history clearly shows that you're an independent, meek minded, shallow, assholish troll. 
there is a museum of the indian genocide in america?
 i just wanted to put a "good word" in for you being as you seem so "highly intelligent" or i mean full of yourself and you are fucking fun as hell to make fun of.

i didn't say my dad had no people skills.  i said you had no people skills and were rude and fascist.  just suggested pathology because you might have a chance there as long as you never wanted to do anything beyond being a pathologist.  you won't run a lab.  dad has been chief of staff of multiple hospitals.  you're a jackoff on reddit.  stop projecting. 
he's only running in south carolina.  relax.
i am not sure if it is true or not but i heard that in arkansas they have to pay property tax on vehicles as well.
not taking people's money to give to children doesn't quite seem sociopathic.

maybe the age limit on that will be raised to include everyone over time and we can redistribute wealth just like the soviets.

it sounds bad to deny money to kids, especially when bush does it single handedly, but what's the logic to it?  where did it come from?  i was not aware of a need for it until supporters of the bill started justifying it, after the bill got some publicity.

the content is different and harder to ignore politically, but the process is the same as a lot of the "anti-terrorism" bills that come up.  a bill comes up to legalize wiretapping people, then you start hearing this is important for this or that reason, but you know that ultimately it's going to be used for much more than finding terrorists.  i'm not saying the wiretapping and money for kids bills present the same kind of dangers, but the formula is similar:

1. bill created
2. reasons bill is needed appear
3. concerns about program(s), created by the bill, expanding beyond initially proclaimed limits are ignored or called crazy.
jihad on jihad fuck jihad
ok: why *is* he non-viable? serious question.
doubtful, don't know for sure.
definitely not my greatest fear.  just looking for other people's assessments of the situation!  nice talkin' with ya.
the democratic nominee for 08 will be to george w bush as reagan was to carter.  or at least, that's the intention.
 because he won't attract enough votes to be anything.

longer answer:

he burned the libertarian party when he jumped ship and lost them.  republicans don't trust him because he's tainted as a libertarian.

a lot of america thinks he's a kook.

ending the drug war isn't viable politically at this point, nor is advocating it.

some of his fiscal policies are non-viable as are some of his stated ideals on reforming the government.  nobody is going to manage to dissolve the irs unless the country dissolves.

he's overly isolationist in foreign policy.  no,  it's not non-interventionist, it's isolationist.  sometimes you need to go kill people before they try to come kill your people.

those are the main reasons. 
like the worldwide larouche youth movement.

this is so fucking ironic. 

at the beginning of the cold war it was the generals who were maniacs who needed to be controlled...now its the other way around.
then you don't really know much about either religion.
some of us wonder why should we hand over an entire industry to our government and why wouldn't that industry work just as well or better if out of government control?

so far the general response i've been getting (not that it's the only or best one, it's just the one i'm given usually) is that people have a right to health care, but i don't think that's true.  i think people have a right to care for their health and to do so how ever they choose, but universal health care seems to be the polar opposite of that.
i would like to know why a woman so near pregnancy didn't stay home (with the car ready to book it to the hospital) given the circumstances in that area of the world. obviously this doesn't make what happened okay, but shit, if you're about to pop out a baby plan for the shit. 
heh!  cat got your arrogant little tongue, didn't it?  you're funny.  stupid but funny.  the ones that fancy themselves so much "better than the others" are the first to fall.  your wife is a lucky woman as she will always be able to outsmart you.
&gt; that might be the case. i suspect this is because either those countries have a greater supply of medical care (caused by less stringent medical licensing, for instance), or a lesser need for it (caused by better general health).

well, that's a nice theory. the second part is for the most part true, although it would be wrong to assume that this is orthogonal to whether one has public health care or not.

&gt; a) my girlfriend wants birth control pills. thanks to the government, she needs a doctors permission first. so instead of providing medical services, a doctor wastes time writing her a permission slip to buy pills.

birth control pills aren't available over the counter in the us. you need a prescription, and that generally requires a doctor. there are sound medical reasons for this (lots of other forms of birth control are available over the counter because the they are safer medically). now, one could perhaps make the argument that a nurse or similarly trained medical professional could handle the task, and you may be right. you will find this is in fact done in a number of countries with government insured health care. afaik, it isn't done by private insured health care. so your assumption that this is imposed by having government insured health care is incorrect.

&gt; b) my (state) government also does not allow me to get medical assistance from a professional with less than an md (e.g., a nurse practitioner). so a doctor has to waste his time doing the job of a nurse practitioner, and someone who really needs him can't get care.

again, you are confusing medical regulation with medical insurance. lots of countries with public medical insurance do make these adjustments. indeed, for a variety of reasons it is easier to implement these kinds of procedures in such an environment.

&gt; it's not like the government redistributed a limited supply of vaccine/knowledge of hygene. they simply produced more. i don't think thats possible for the current situation.

sigh. let's take malaria as an example. they figured out it was cheaper and easier to wipe malaria out entirely than to treat all the people who got sick from it.

your missing the point as to *why* more was produced. if you are responsible for everyone, it is cheaper to, for example, raise sanitary conditions for everyone. if you raise sanitary conditions simply for the folks who are enrolled with a particular hmo, it doesn't really help that much to reduce even their medical needs, because they still get exposed to disease from the rest of the unsanitary population.

you aren't going to see hmo's footing the bill for improved sanitation systems, garbage disposal, or anything else unless they band together through some kind of collective interest that covers the vast majority of the population, and at that point said entity will be virtually indistinguishable from government anyway.

&gt; the public health campaigns weren't redistributing anything. they were mostly just spreading knowledge/vaccines. both knowledge and vaccines are easy to make more of. medical services are harder.

hey, now you are starting to get it. it is cheaper and easier to do certain things, but there isn't a profit incentive for a private health insurance company that represents only a small percentage of the population.

&gt; thanks to medical licensing laws, the "helpdesk" type medical jobs (giving antibiotics/basic medical advice) are only done by mds. that's as dumb as requiring a ph.d. before you can clean spyware off people's computers.

those types of licensing restrictions exist in countries with both private and public health insurance, and they often exist for good reasons. when an mcse fucks up, people usually don't die.

&gt; this is a problem caused (partially) by the government. i don't see how getting them to take money from me and give it to the md's/beaurocrats will fix this.

because, unlike the mcse, the non-specialist needs almost as much training as the specialist. furthermore, the non-specialists actually provide the bulk of the "value" in terms of health care (as you correctly point out, the vast majority of the time you don't need a specialist for your health care needs). by creating a shortage of the non-specialists you actually *increase* the need for specialists, which in turn increases your overall medical costs. it works in a private health care system because it increases the incidence of the most severe moral hazards in the whole economics of medicine, so you can justify the higher cost and you even get higher patient satisfaction rates. what you don't get is better health care at a lower cost.
&gt; a lot of america thinks he's a kook.

i think more of america still doesn't know about him than thinks he's a kook.

otherwise, good points.
arkansas has several of the fastest growing cities in the usa.
wow...maybe romney's insane commercial was actually taken seriously by someone.

i wonder how credible this polls results really are. it is fow news after all.
&gt; why does everyone think private businesses will hold their prices at a certain level and cut out all poor people? adding a second business into that situation seems solve that problem.

strange then that so many people don't have insurance in the us *and* per capita medical costs are higher in the us than anywhere else. this despite having longer wait times, poorer health conditions, etc. than most of the rest of the industrialized world.

private businesses will hold their prices at the most profitable levels. that means they'll shave 10% off the price if they think it will increase profits. they won't do it if it reduces profits. it also means they won't spend money on preventive health care, because most of the time the benefits of prevention won't come back to them (odds are pretty good that some other company will be covering the person when they get sick, plus preventive health care for the general population often won't make economic sense, etc.).
"soldier's mom" you limey prick. don't butcher your own language. :p
so is it a serious claim? does he actually have a shot at becoming president? or is this just a publicity stunt?
&gt;why do people keep bringing up the 'founding fathers'? 

because they wrote our constitution. its kind of like referencing what mom said to your brother as he begins throwing rocks at passing cars. 
actually i was at god's house last week and he happens to make a mean scampi
shouldn't it read instead "dissatisfied with the way america is being *ruled*"?
&gt; get back to me when you have a method to rid yourself of deadwood government bureaucrats.

get back to me when you have a method to rid yourself of deadwood bureaucrats in private enterprise. ;-)

&gt; try googling "agency capture".

sigh. okay, imagine a world where such government agencies simply don't exist. who sets the rules then.... the private enterprises providing the services you were so worried were controlling the government agencies...

private enterprises wield influence in order to protect their interests, regardless of the existence of government agencies or not. such is life.
"former libertarian candidate" is a pretty hefty cross to bear in both directions.  they are the people that want people to be able to vote for which police department and gas company provides their services!  doesn't matter what he says.  most people live on soundbites and past prejudice and don't read.

lots of naderites thought nader had a chance because they were mostly talking to each other.  that, and their willingness to wager, is the most i've cleaned up on bets since the time i was living in chicago and it was a bears-cowboys super bowl.  idiots at the pub all wanted to wager at reduced odds on the bears.

i've got some running wagers with paul "true believers" that will pay for a fishing trip to canada at the very least.
the other 33% were probably afraid that gallup would report them to homeland security.
i'm not allowed a choice of which governmental agency i like best unless i move.
similar to the state sponsored migration of 3rd worlders into western nations.
although i think that there are genes that dictate the ultimate intelligence such as that of einstein and other geniuses, i think that for the average population this bears no influence on the mean intelligence.  i would think that good education would be the key to intelligence for a society.

just look at the poor education in the elementary through highschool in the united stated and compare this to other countries that emphasize learning.  the u.s. has a vary ignorant population and a low average inelegances compared to other countries such as europe.

sorry for my poor grammatical writing. i am not an english major.
&gt;&gt;most of the economists brought into government are selected in part because they hold views of economics that allow politicians to feel justified in trying to mess with the economy.

&gt;a trait that is not necessarily incompatible with being one of the top economists. ;-)

i guess it depends on what school of economic thought you consider to be correct.  political usefulness does not equal correctness, though it doesn't mean it's wrong either.  you'd have to look into the different schoos to determine that.
hitherto &gt; henceforth ?
dumbass honky don't know shit anyhow.
praying for a war *not* to happen? what is this country coming to?
&gt; i'm not allowed a choice of which governmental agency i like best unless i move.

again, i don't see how this is relevant. at least with a governmental agency you have some additional leverage in the form of your vote. if it didn't exist, you'd be just as screwed... only you'd have lost that additional leverage available to you.

people seem to have these weird idea that if the agencies go away, so does the influence of the businesses they regulate. the agencies aren't the *cause* of the phenomenon behind agency capture. they are merely a symptom of it.
well, there's an associated press wire about it.  seems pretty serious.
people shouldn't vote you down.  these days, that's probably important.  he really needs to make more public appearances with her.  the public love attractive people, so it would probably dramatically improve his chances of winning.  and yes, i do think that it is sad.
that would be like bush "demanding" that the floodwaters leave new orleans after katrina.
you are being ironic, right? no one could say stuff like this for real. surely.
ok..admit it. who ever voted for jimmy carter raise you hands.
the media that portrays putin and russia as a whole in a very negative light.
read this analysis:

[the emerging russian giant
plays its cards strategically](http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=viewarticle&amp;code=wil20061007&amp;articleid=3408)

by f william engdahl, october 20, 2006 
&gt; i guess it depends on what school of economic thought you consider to be correct.

no. fortunately one can evaluate the quality of  an economist independent of one's beliefs about economics. sadly, recognition of this has become rarer as science and academics have become increasingly politicized. it is not at all uncommon to have people in the field totally disagree with someone and yet recognize that they are one of the top minds in the field.
but surely iran can be blamed for this development?
&gt;yehudit kirstein keshet and other israeli women like her have spent **six years** monitoring activities at israeli checkpoints leading to the west bank. 

they didn't "just become aware" of the issue, they've been working for five years. 
thanks.
you are making me laugh thinking your vote matters.  you have no additional leverage.

think about when at&amp;t bell was the government mandated phone company and how responsive they were to customers.  are you old enough to remember those years?

not having a choice of "agency" changes things a lot.  monopolies are not a good thing.  oligarchies are bad but not as bad as monopolies.
 actually, i heard that he plans to let *congress* run wild in actually performing its legislative function under the constitution. 
it got *reddited*!
so easily swayed with words. i suppose you will give up liberty for freedom also. more double speak just like the one i mentioned earlier.
thank you .. i stand infected
i can assure you that i am in no basement.  and mom has nothing to do with it.

usualy, when someone makes a statement like yours, they are in their mothers basement.

dying with envy? need to get your own place?

you have to grow up and get a job first.
&gt; you are making me laugh thinking your vote matters.

you are making me laugh for implying that having no vote provides one with more influence than having a vote.

&gt; are you old enough to remember those years?

yes.

&gt; not having a choice of "agency" changes things a lot. monopolies are not a good thing. oligarchies are bad but not as bad as monopolies.

"agency capture" as a phenomenon occurs with oligarchies just as much as with monopolies. often you find the phenomenon is actually worse with oligarchies. more importantly, insurance companies are closer to an oligarchy than medical practitioners (by a function of the sheer larger numbers of medical practitioners), so i'm not sure i see where things get worse here.
are these things so rare in us that we need a front page reddit coverage for one of them? if yes, america sucks.
[awesome](http://www.veteransforcommonsense.org/articleid/8578)
using the years of the replies found in this reply thread (1954, 1980s, and 2007), i found the average of the largest and smallest year values (1954 and 2007).  
this comes out to be 1980.5...coincidence? i think not.
how does one not be docile though? what is acceptable form of feedback? we elected a bunch of democrats. 
you will soon find out where they get worse.  telcos are pretty close to an oligarchy but they are way better than when they were a monopoly.

biggest thing,  regarding why national health-ish things are stupid,  and the one you won't like as an idealist, is that insurance companies can say no to people and the government won't be able to.  that will drive your costs up whether you like it or not.  grandma is 94 and had a stroke but she needs an mri and occupational therapy if she makes it to that point so she can still die within months in an expensive nursing home.  if you think uninsured people hitting emergency rooms drives up the costs for everybody,  just wait on that one.

bureaucrats would rather spend the money than tell people that some people need to die because it isn't cost effective to keep them around and risk to get sued or lose their jobs.

you'll end up with the worst of both worlds.
whatever the reasons for his precipitous demise from the leadership of britain's liberal democrat party, sir menzies (pronounced ming) campbell's departure has had at least one benefit for the linguistically challenged. there is now one less public figure with a difficult-to-pronounce celtic name.
funny as an australian reddit reader i see most american readers as selfish self centred right wingers.


you must be amazingly far to the left.
here in australia you need a medicare card which an illegal would not be able to get.

http://www.medicareaustralia.gov.au/yourhealth/our_services/medicare/medicare_cards/index.shtml
if only reddit would have some sort of button that allows you make stories invisible. 
no, americas left is far to the right of most of the rest of the western world.

slogan: submit to jeb in '08! 
i don't know about you, but i'm not trying to piss off john mellancamp. motherfucker looks like a ticking time bomb. 
contacted mine :]
i didn't know that about nixon and reagan... do you have a link? i'd like to read more about that.

i'll check out the english constitution, too -- sounds interesting.
you just said something that the far left doesn't like to think about; how does a government gone out of control deal with the most heavily armed civilian populace in the world?  

not only that, thinking people know that the us military will turn against its government before it turns against its people.  i am astonished that so many folks are too stupid to see that, but there you have it.  
&gt; uh, you are aware that every single muslim (considered a muslim) believes the qur'an to be literal word of allah, that the prophet mohammed is considered "the best example for mankind"?

uh, you are aware that every single muslim on the planet uses sharia loans? wait, they don't? what?

no religion is a monolith. there are one or two muslims in the world that don't want to destroy every christian and jew asap. please, admit it.
which positions were those you looked at?
[dig it sucka](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-869183917758574879)
i'm replying again. please do watch that. colbert says many a truth in jest, and speaks jest to power. 
that still isn't forcing membership. if anything, it is forcing allegiance to a status quo of some sort, but you could always say no and run away with kelly to maui. that's my plan anyway!
they can build him a wall though. 
thoever upmodded this moron is themselves a moron.  this is not a question of if you agree with rp.  it is a matter of inky's statement simply being incorrect.  congressman paul's voting record is, as i have counted, nearly 100% (if not perfectly 100%) inline with his spoken beliefs.  much better than any other of these candidates, who have said one thing and done another (or have done one thing and later said another).
i notice you tell others to do some research, isn't it a good idea to practice what you preach? 

it is a frequent habit of the uninformed or the plain bigoted to take verses out of context and use it for hate mongering. how predictable of you to take the same verses oft repeated on anti-muslim sites and which show up on google frequently. very telling of your knowledge on the subject, and the so-called research on your part.

i suggest you look up the historical context of these verses, not only are both inaccurate translations, but also give you and others a false impression.
i gotta go get campaigning. 
if only you informed them.
what is truth? *le sigh*
oh, i was under the assumptions that the trade sanctions would not only be for cotton.  but i guess the article doesn't specify either way.  you're probably right, now that i think about it.

i'm still not convinced this is the right response, though.  as much as i hate subsidies, adding trade sanctions doesn't get rid of them (it may even provoke the opposite response) and opens the door for those sanctions to be abused by brazilian interest groups.
i downmodded it because there was a story submitted about the exact same thing an hour before yours.
it's how things were before the pan-arabists arrived. 
its not cheney. 90% of american media is jewish owned.
i'm sorry, but this is a very great way to get lots of teenagers and young folks to throw their votes away and give the election to crusty old ultra-conservatives.
it's not punishing them if they aren't born in the first place.  
and who said they were stupid?
  except the one where you try to, you know, **stay** **alive**.
ahh welcome to a republic.  we are to stupid to think for ourselves so these idiots have to think for us.  makes you wonder whats so bad about straight up democracy, oh yeah those at the top would lose their stranglehold.  never mind i much prefer being ruled by those he refuse to read history so they can repeat it without spoiling the ending.
bush has worn a military uniform before...remember when he landed on that aircraft carrier! he looked like a regular top-gun.
exactly my point, family isn't forced.
and i will drop paint buckets on strings ala home alone on blackwater.
&gt;(not joking)

whatever, of *course* he's joking. he's *always* joking. he may actually be registering his candidacy, but he's still joking.
oh yes, all soldiers are psychopaths, i forgot.

whats it like to live in a fairytale where anyone who disagrees with you is inherently evil?
huh. really, no one posted this before? the only reason i never did is because i had automatically assumed someone else did.
except that button exists in real life and the jews used it to hide the wtc.  wake up sheeple, the jews caused 9/11!!!!!!!!!!
[it's still there.](http://reddit.com/info/2zuhm/comments/) 

what, should it still be at #1 three days later? thanks to the switch to read-only mode, it got way more time at #1 than it deserved. 
fair enough. but wouldn't the military commanders refusing to bomb iran lead to civil war...maybe not. not if they handled it properly, and were able to get political support...after all, they're proposing a rebellion of nonviolence, not a military replacement of the current administration. 
ladies and gentlemen i give you reaganomics!
lol "jizya"
dude, i don't think i've ever laughed harder (on reddit) than your comment in the burma thread.

however, now you are like a post-berlin wall yakov smirnoff. the schtik don't stretch. 
one would think with as much as the south hates big government they would not want the subsidies.  lol see there i made a funny.
no man, that's progress!

pssst.... they hate us for our freedoms!

in what part of the world is something like this common? (i might be missing the fine print. don't have a nyt membership)
i think a pun on the word 'stand' would be funnier. still good. keep it up.
 actually i'm not that bothered if the us get a good or bad president. i'd probably prefer it if the dollar fell some more because it would be to my benefit. but i don't see why americans would want that. if i were american i would probably be protesting about the way the country is run.    
i thougt you said jew own "all" american media. now you're saying nyt isn't jewish owned? 

that aside. i have seen my share of new york post issues to know what you mean :)
thank yourself.
youre a moron.
it's no bigger joke than our entire political landscape right now. 
i meant nyt as new york times. i dunno if that wasn't a mistake cause i dont read the post.

jews own "almost" all american media. if you want to argue petty discrepancies go ahead, the point i make is all the same. 
it was an inside job!!!!!!1!
look dude. i addressed all of this in my prior post, with a link to an independent third party site that verifies everything. if you want to keep on being a hater, that's your prerogative. but your facts are wrong.
&gt; you will soon find out where they get worse.

you incorrectly presume ignorance.

&gt; biggest thing, regarding why national health-ish things are stupid, and the one you won't like as an idealist, is that insurance companies can say no to people and the government won't be able to.

you are even more incorrect to suggest that i am an idealist. i have lived under both public and private insurance systems and have a very practical understanding of their application.

in practice, public insurance systems say no to people all the time. interestingly, because people are indirectly paying for their insurance there is actually less of a sense of entitlement on the part of individuals and much less so on the part of the larger public. you see this in the statistics for the kinds of treatments (particularly the expensive ones) that are provided on a per-capita basis in the us vs. other industrialized nations.

furthermore, in practice, insurance companies often say no to a treatment that will prevent more substantial costs at a later date. even worse, they aren't even asked if someone is uninsured. however, once a situation is life-or-death, insurance companies are required to cover them. even worse, even if the insurance companies aren't required, frequently hospitals/doctors are required to treat them, which then leads to the whole bankruptcy cycle. that means the costs do get absorbed by those of us with insurance. so even when you are naively thinking that you aren't having to pay for the medical care of all those people who can't afford it, you are, in a manner that is far more expensive than public health insurance (not to mention the negative consequences for your own health that stem from this).

the one area where the us health care system tends to beat the rest of the world is patient satisfaction. a large part of the reason for this is that the system is far less likely to tell a patient "no". why? there are a lot of reasons, not the least of which are lawsuits (which work a lot better when life-or-death decisions can be attributed to a profit motive rather than merely triage).

&gt; bureaucrats would rather spend the money than tell people that some people need to die because it isn't cost effective to keep them around and risk to get sued or lose their jobs.

there seems to be this weird notion that bureaucratic type folks only exist in government. one can only conclude that these folks have somehow managed to avoid both working for and dealing with large corporations, like most insurance companies, in any significant way. only, that seems practically impossible.
   well jew, maybe because she has the right to do what she wants. but lets not mention that she probably couldn't get to a hospital because of checkpoints and the walls. or the fact that the palestine economy is non-existent due to the apartheid.

but i guess we all know deep down she's really a terrorist!! thats not a baby under her clothes its really an anti-semitic bomb.

dont be fooled americans! pregnant women are evil doers.
so true. israeli's are the true anti-semites.
 i want to watch live colbert report in the white house. his foreign policy would be to interviewing every foreign presidents on colbert report.
if you dont know whats it for then your dad will explain it to you when you are older.
are black redditors surprised that a jew is posting more anti-africanitic articles.
fox is owned by jews so why do you hate them? all i see on fox is pro-israel this and that.
 it may well be a publicity stunt that turns into a serious bid. the guy is smart, good-looking, likeable, and articulate enough to give even obama a run for his money. i guess we'll have to see which stephen colbert shows up for debates, or what stump speeches he gives.

to me, he seems almost *too* perfect for right now. he is the embodiment of america's split personality disorder, and perhaps the only one who could really reconcile us. if he brings a kucinich-like stance (maybe he can get k as vp -they seemed to have a rapport, although obama might be a safer choice), he'd have my vote in a heartbeat. ironically, unlike kucinich, he might get people to take him seriously.
new site that allows you to search for and compare thousands on holiday lettings in australia, with detail information, contact details for the managing real estate agent, &amp; even a great map of where the property is..... no more do i have to plough through thousands of different sites, its all in the one place... thank - you!

headline should read: 

dead pope waves 'hello' from hell:
  catholics fail to see irony

so you're ok with him threatening a reporter's kids?
http://www.lboro.ac.uk/departments/cv/eng_links/consultants.html
hey!  that one doesn't seem so bad.

surely there must be a downside?
second that idea. the government apparatus is a wholly owned subsidiary of corporate america. there's not much wiggle room for an honest man in there.

why should gore exchange his current freedom of action for corporate and party chains around his neck?
ftpwn!
seems to me that would be nixon. lessee.... 
vice president convicted of tax evasion, 
hud secretary was george romney, father of mitt romney,
one of his up and coming political operatives was karl rove.
white house chief of staff for a time was dick cheney, 
chairman of the rnc was bush#41,
colin powell served a white house fellowship under nixon,
nixon fired two attorney generals (richardson and ruckelshaus) after they refused to carry out his orders to interfere with the watergate investigation.

there are probablyothers, so no wonder the people are just as unhappy as they were 34 years ago, it's the same people.

as darth vader said: "now the student has become the master" or something like that



london
well... crap. 
instant runoff or preferential is certainly better than first past the post in most cases. some people think [range-voting](http://rangevoting.org/) is even better. 

problem is people are just too dumb to understand the voting algorithms properly. even first past the post confuses some people.
here's a video that establishes many more links between bush sr. and the jfk plot:

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3967677791931129793
 must be quite a man to get and keep such a woman... 
like we need more reporters on the ground in iraq telling us that we are doing a shitty job there.
domo arigato, mr. roboto
zing!
what about disapproval voting? that would just formalize what people already do...
yes, he has been working on a [national initiative](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_initiative) for a while, and i was impressed when i found out.
if by top you mean influential, then yes, we can probably agree on who are the top economists.  however, most of those top economists, for the last 90 or so years, have been terrible for people economically and freedom wise, so i can call them influential, but not so respectable.
sorry, but we like our oligarchy just where it is, thanks.

&lt;/hopes she doesn't need the tag&gt;
dennis kucinich?
california was bought from mexico, albeit with stolen gold. tibet was invaded and annexed. different procedure, different outcomes. californians are happy, tibetans are furious and rebellious.
doh!
 the scary thing is that it's no longer necessary to brainwash thousands of soldiers to kill large numbers of innocent civilians. timothy mcveigh killed hundreds with only a little help from a couple friends. 19 guys killed thousands on 9/11. imagine what timothy mcveigh might have done with the weapons the military has at their disposal. bush does have his finger on the button, you know... 
thanks for the link
no fucking way.
i know two of them. i know another that is just here to make money, then he's going back to nigeria.

wasn't jesus executed for heresy also?

yeah the downside is that zoroastrianist aren't commanded by their holy scripture to go out and force people to convert or smite them. 

religions don't grow because everybody suddenly decides the other one is nicer.. they convert because it's better than being smited.
hehe the mossad.
 actually, only *fences* are built for free.
demolitions are on the house though.
 what about [this](http://www.icahd.org/eng/), does it brighten your week? or ruin your illusion that it's religious hate that motivates their grievances? 
as usual, solid ideas and a carefully considered position on the situation that sets him apart from the other three "front-runners".

the short version is: no more government protection for polluters. if you pollute another person's air, water, or ground, they can make you pay.
 article claims: former vice president al gore has ruled out joining the u.s. presidential race

he says:"i don't have plans to be a candidate again so i don't really see it in that context at all," 

but bear in mind: gore has repeatedly said that he has no plans to run, without completely ruling it out.

so what's changed?  
odd. in an episode some months ago, he said he would not be running for president.
wow.  i'm seriously shocked that i hadn't come across this info before. thanks slipgrid!  this video contains totally-damning, hard evidence of suborning perjury at least (a video of a conference call vs depositions and statements to the press).  at some point, this is likely to get enough attention online to either force the media to cover it or make their collusion and bias apparent to even more people.  as a ron paul supporter, i'd want it break *after* she gets the nomination if dr. paul is also nominated, but beforehand if he isn't (though i only dislike hillary a *little* more than her likely opponents).
i know what you meant by nyt.

 i do not want to argue anything. just pointing something out in your wording (all vs almost all). that's still allowed isn't it? even on reddit. :) 
&gt; if by top you mean influential...

no, i do not mean influential. i am referring to their skill in the field.

&gt; ..most of those top economists, for the last 90 or so years, have been terrible for people economically and freedom wise...

well, economics may lead to more or less freedom (i'd argue that on we've got more than we used to have although recent trends are worrisome, but i'm not sure how much of that could be attributed to economists), but neither is a reflection on the quality of the economics. as for the economic track record of the last 90 years or so... it has been, for america, one of the best track records around.

ultimately though, those factors are at best side issues. a good economist is one who expands our understanding of economics, and the more new understanding they produce, the better.

perhaps sometimes that may actually lead or allow people applying that understanding to do things that cost us economically (although normally you'd think increased understanding would result in economic gains). either way, that is again not the primary indicator of the quality of an economist.
absolutely.  nothing turns me off "established" religions more than the cult-like elements that seem to be there simply to increase membership.

believe or go to hell.

keep believing or go to hell.
building synagogues, silly! 
i feel the urge to scream wake up sheeple!

&gt; health care providers get their supplies from the same suppliers. if some providers have huge amounts of government money, the cost of supplies will, as they have been, go up in price.

this is clearly demonstrated by the us paying significantly more per capita for health care than any other country (so much so that the government portion of that bill is actually higher than the spending in other industrialized countries that only have public health care) and yet having worse outcomes.... oh wait.

&gt; private practices won't have access to that kind of money since their income comes from only individuals who don't have that much government money.

it very much depends on their clientèle. plastic surgeons in beverly hills do a lot better than army doctors.

&gt; also, in louisiana (maybe in other states too, don't know that for sure) it has effectively become impossible for an individual doctor to start a private practice that does not take medicare and such.

interestingly, in other parts of the country doctors have stopped taking medicare patients because they profit more from non-medicare patients.
the "fatal incident" was a moroccan-dutch youth entering a police station and stabbing two officers with a knife before being shot by one of the officers he stabbed.

in addition:

&gt; ...police said he was personally acquainted with mohammed bouyeri, the convicted killer of the late film director theo van gogh, as well as with other moroccan-dutch terrorist suspects.


&gt; for example, in canada it is (or until recently, "was", but i'm not sure) straight-up illegal for a doctor to practice medicine outside of the government medical system. he literally could not give you medical advice on his own time.

that's not true. [wikipedia does a great job explaining the situation in canada](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/health_care_in_canada#private_sector). almost all doctor's operate as private entities, and about 30% of all medical expenses are covered by private insurance (mostly services that aren't covered or that require a co-pay).

canada has public health *insurance*, which is very different from public health *services* (they have that too, but not really in a way that is much different from the us).
&gt; almost all doctor's operate as private entities.

sorry, i tried to correct that. i spoke too strongly. while 3/4 is a pretty overwhelming majority, "almost all" probably implies more than that.

for some reason "edit" isn't working with reddit right now.
tom flocco could get a job writing for the onion. 
not even while he's taking a dump?
my unicorn can't solve rubic's cube. i'm thinking about getting rid of him.
ron paul is going to be the next elections ralph nader, and yaknow what? i'm glad he will be channelling all the intarweb loonyforce into the vote dumpster.
i just hope enough people become aware of what a sneaky right wing stealth policy fuck this rp shit will become, before we the people fucking squander another 4 years of this nations resources. of course, i was hoping for the same thing last election.
good work.
you can't read!!!!!! wtf????????                                                        only 43 percent of poll respondents trust president bush and 50 percent do not trust congress.
 yes... why did the pregnant woman stand in line at the checkpoint? 

stupidity? "ooh... that's a weird stomach ache... better take some aspirin when i get home"

vengeance? "oh, look! checkpointwatch is here! i'd better stay and have my baby here by the road, so they'll report that israel is evil!"

or... maybe she was hoping to go to a hospital on the other side of the checkpoint? i guess we'll never know... 
i didn't know that. thanks, he's got my vote.
sad but it is always the christian that makes the headlines over and over. the jew media repeats each incident almost without end.
how come all criticism of israel is automatically labeled as anti-semitic? doesn't such a broad definition make the word anti-semitic pretty useless?

are you anti-burmese if you criticize burma's treatment of the recent pro-democratic protesters? are you anti-chinese if you voice your dislike of the way they treat the people of tibet?
but wait. do a google using rabbi+molestation and hundreds if not thousands of incidents appear that are swept under the rug. be creative like changing rabbi to jew etc.. only 3% of the population but they sure are busy.
i wonder if al sharpton and jessee jackson will be fighting to get them old jobs back. lol
 he was caught going/coming back from to a country where "sex tourism" with young males is common and was carrying oxy and viagra afaik.  
  
[edit] i hereby retract my mistaken public spewage of incorrectly stating that he had oxy with him in his suitcase on his return from the sex tourism destination, it was only viagra, not oxy - apparently he was able to get the oxy locally on the island (and even cheaper on the haitian half of the island!).
i was anticipating the labelling, i guess if i would have said "because they are _good_ israelis?" as an answer that would have been even more anti-semitic than the question.   

but i guess to ask another anti-semitic question - at what point is the population of a country facilitating crimes carried out by their government, are they culpable, can they stop it?
easy to see a jew posted this. the holocaust, nazis and hitler are mentioned by this group thousands of times a day in every media available. i for one am way past the barfing point. time to move on as you spewed this shit long enough.
of course, he's a jew. look at the palestine incidents and to the ukraine in the early 30s.  
gee someone on reddit i agree with. 
lol
sadly, i think ron paul just lost a lot of votes
there are holocaust museums all over the world. wherever there are jews there is a museum.
for real?  i am going out to rent it right now!
how can i vote for both ron paul and stephen colbert?
why the fuck were you modded down? 

apparently the truth can not be tolerated on reddit.
a christian who is a zionist hopes to resolve a dispute between muslims and jews.

yea that'll work.
breed beyond your means or go to hell...
mossad? it's arkansas. wouldn't they get arrested as foreign spies?
  it's worse than vietnam.

in vietnam we had voices of protest gathered in actual physical localities that weren't easily ignored, and they were dispersed, and just as many people died, but it wasn't with non-lethal weapons so it wasn't okay.

in vietnam, the us government and the us mainstream culture as expressed through the media was capable of at least embarrassment and a tiny bit of humility once it was realised how much of an incredible failure it was.

in vietnam, more people cared, and we sympathised (and empathised) alot more with the culture of our enemy.

in vietnam, religion wasn't a factor. 

vietnam wasn't a video game to the soldiers and an action movie to the news media.

shit, i can think many more reasons why this isn't vietnam. it's worse. america survived its failures in vietnam.  
well reagan did bring back irresponsible spending and grew the govt.
it's government owned, government funded, and government run. it's also run with a legally-enforced monopoly (no other entity but the usps can legally put things in your mailbox.) you can't get much more government-run than that.
pretty impressive site. 
yeah, there's plenty of cheaper cities to live in besides new york and san fran. 

and my south carolina hospital makes me wait an hour in the crowd before getting a blood test, so it's not exactly having trouble making ends meet.
running mates ftw!
yeah, the real thinking people all support giuliani... or whoever smiles the most and says he'll keep us safe. 
&gt;giuliani was a great mayor in difficult times.

realistically, all he did was look determined and make comforting noises. 
as i think many brits would agree,  those heady days of 'empire' do not really have much appeal.  and i am sure most usa people would rather take their appropriate place on the world stage ,  rather than be led into foolish wars by its out of date and out of touch oligarchy (sometimes referred to as the military industrial political establishment)
this article says very little that is not in the nyt op-ed piece, and indeed consists primarily of direct quotation.  it seems lazy to me.
 an old trick that pre-dates the nazis, rob people of their dignity so you can justify treating them as sub-human.
 
&gt; muslim anti-semitism is deeply rooted...

first off, anti-semitism in the way you use it is a very bigoted term.  secondly, your full of shit; a non-muslim poll tax is hardly racist hatred.

racist jews like to point at muslim anger over israel and call it anti-semitism, even as bigoted a term that is, because they don't want to admit that muslim anger over israel is rational and is based not on racist hatred but rather legitimate anger over the way israel was created:  by terrorism.
in america?  ha!
good. lying to the public probably makes him more qualified to become president. 
i did.
it seems to me that building a free bridge would be a better way to build bridges...
&gt;talk politics to anyone and everyone who will listen.

i already do that, but all that happens is that everyone just thinks your an asshole and won't talk to you anymore.
incidentally, *heresy* comes from the greek word for *choice*.
sadly?
 yes and his stacked supreme court is the leading cause of us deviating from the constitution today.


"whether in their commerce clause jurisprudence or their treatment of antitrust, labor regulation, businesses "affected with the public interest," or civil liberties, progressives on the court undermined the framers' principles, paving the way for the modern redistributive and regulatory state."
do the republicans know that the internet exists?
wait... wasn't jesus a roman general who crucified peasants and dissidents?

what else? you elected them but *aren't* holding them accountable. not voting for them next election doesn't count. you vote and you sit back and watch. then you say "wtf?" when they go back to do the same old nothing things.
stewart is too (straight-forwardly) liberal.
  this is inconsistent. there was nothing new during the last 3 years which was not started and known before bush was re-elected by a majority of the same americans.
 &gt;so all muslims are bad and all jews are good?

where does it say that or even imply that?  nowhere.

and what kind of argument strategy is it to make a statement and then prove your statement wrong in the next sentence? 
ronald reagan?  


i sometimes vote republican in massachusetts. one party rule sucks. gotta love that nepotism and union cronyism!

massachusetts isn't representative of the country as a whole, and i tend to vote democrat in federal elections. i would also stop short of voting republican if the state started to tip, since i wouldn't want them to have a majority. i'd just like a few moderate republicans in there to keep 'em honest.

you have a point. the us political system of representation is broken, and the very mechanisms that would be required to fix it are subject to the present brokenness. short of an actual violent overthrow (which would produce its own problems), the best hope for constitutional reform might be an article v convention. that's something public will could produce with enough organizing.
i find your lack of faith disturbing.
the greeks observed long ago that those who we'd actually want in politics would never go near it.

moron...look at the greatest presidents we had. they all had "religion" to some extent.
thank goodness!
i feel all this blame on the media is just the paulaniacs way of preparing for how they are going to deal with ron paul not getting the nomination.  

his poll numbers are extremely low if you don't count the online polls.  using online polls to judge how "america" sees ron paul is like polling for david duke approval at a klan meeting.  it's a biased demographic.

but i agree with the author.  they shouldn't have pulled the poll.  they should have left it to show that on the internet, ron paul is in the lead.
but in this case that doesn't apply because we really don't want goracle.
of course propaganda works!  just look at what governments/elites have gotten away with throughout history.  it's much easier if the people submit willingly. we have masters of the craft among us; higly skilled in time tested and proven propaganda techniques.  techniques such as making a non-devisive issue devisive.  divide and conquer is a very effective tactic.  statements like, "it's a jewish conspiracy", and pitting left against right keeps the fucus away from resolution and hides the truth.

if 95% abuse the services, then i would question the term "abuse," to me, it seems that this is just the way the system works.  where is this money coming from?  taxes? sales taxes? tariffs?  it sounds like the people are just taking their own money back.
the dmv is definitely one government agency that should be privatized.  i wonder how long the lines would be if they were paid by number of customers served.
sorry, but this is all daydream stuff. bush and cheney are insane, and that's obvious to anyone who's not insane. but for practical reasons, the military is trained to follow orders, not to question orders. the buck doesn't stop there, never has, and never will. 
and in a surprising twist, new york mayor rudy giuliani came in fourth in third quarter fundraising among republicans in silicon valley - behind long-shot candidate rep. ron paul of texas. paul's surging internet support has translated into a fundraising explosion locally
 here's [part 2 of the interview](http://www.comedycentral.com/motherload/index.jhtml?ml_video=118583)

i thought jon stewart did a hell of a job by questioning snow about the "bullshit" that they've been saying, e.g. "arguing about the war plans emboldens the enemy."

anyone who dismisses jon stewart's show as a "joke show" will definitely change their minds after this. jon's definitely one of the finest political commentators around.



 
sorry!!!!!  wtf??
我的女朋友乐清义工在线
give a jew something for free and he'll love you for life, providing you want nothing in return.
no.  you're not the only one, but redditors are too distracted by limbaugh to consider the proposition seriously.
&gt; i already do that, but all that happens is that everyone just thinks your an asshole and won't talk to you anymore.

may i suggest being sure to be tactful and inclusive?
republican domestic and foreign policy has fucked each and every one of us.
i think we should impeach the president, and then forcibly deport every motherfucker who voted him into office, to iraq, to help with the 'rebuilding', only this time, they don't get trillions of dollars to do it, they get a fucking shovel. a shitty, busted handle shovel that turns your hands into giant blisters after you spend the day shoveling rubble off of a school we bombed for harboring wmds.
they've raped the constitution, and stolen trillions of dollars from us, but guess what... we're just gonna sit back and take it.
why is that?

politician run health care will be terrible.   
when did boots ever have straps you could pull yourself up by?
i'm not sure that the speedo conveys hyper-masculinity that well. . .
hey einstein, it's a representative figure.
not really. most of the time, the people who recognize no one represents them simply drop out. that's why less than half of eligible americans bother to vote. there's no vacuum because the power environment shrinks until it only surrounds people who actually wield power in the system.
let them come. there is one progressive yet in the democratic party who still draws breath. 
i'm not impressed.  

i like colbert as much as anyone, but the primary in south carolina is one of the first, and therefore most important.  people who will vote for giuliani or clinton aren't going to switch and vote for colbert, but people who are sick of politics and would vote for kucinich or paul may.  he's taking away the pissed off protest vote from people who actually have good intentions and are trying to make a real change in the country.  

sure, paul or kucinich may not have a chance, but at least those who get into power will be able to look at the votes they got and think- 'wow, 10% of the people in this state voted for paul- maybe this idea of a more modest foreign policy has more traction than i thought' and they will tone it down a bit.  

what message will votes for colbert send?  yes, he is a brilliant satirist, but do you really know what he stands for?  what he wants?  how exactly he would improve the country?  he's sure not going to run a serious campaign and explain a serious health care plan, or a social security fix.  people may as well vote for mickey mouse, because you’d just be voting for a character, an actor.

did you really think he had a shot of winning outside of reddit users?? 


that makes me laugh.
there's actually no doubt about david kelly's death; the growing doubt is about his alleged *suicide*. (sorry to be persnickety, but i'm an editor by trade.)
the point is this.  those protests would have brought no change, regardless of their intensity unless the representatives of those people listened to them and worked to make those changes.

protests have lost their potentcy because after the 60's people started to protest every.  every decision politicians make is protested by some group.  we have acted like a person who yells and screams about everything, so you never take any yelling from that person seriously or think it means much.

if you truly want the government to listen then you have to vote out the representatives that have not done what you wanted.  we thought this happened when the democrats were elected, but for some reason they are reluctant to truly force the presidents hand.  maybe they don't have a great enough majority, i don't know.

i do not believe that our rights are not worth what our ancestors paid for them.  the problem is, i don't think that protests are going to work this time.  there have been massive protests, the president's approval rating is 20%.  the government knows what we want and they are not giving it to us.  all we can realistically do is vote them out and let any representative know that he/she will not last more than 1 term if they don't listen.
the first one referred to someone who executes a contract.

the second to someone who makes something else shorter.
dude. sweet.
excuse me, but how frequently do you talk about politics? eventually most people reach their limit of caring and turn you off.
wrong.

go look it up, and stop spewing misinformation.
actually that's 100% wrong.  the us military is trained to follow the constitution, not blind orders.

for an interesting read on the dilemma of determining what is and what isn't a lawful order, read here;

http://usmilitary.about.com/cs/militarylaw1/a/obeyingorders.htm
didn't say they didn't.  but i am not looking for more of the same, i want a real leader someone who does what he believes and not what he thinks he should do so people think he believes.

you know, i don't know why jim webb won't run for president.  that guy always impresses me.
wrong. paul is #1 among republicans, but he trailed  [obama](http://abcnews.go.com/politics/story?id=3601542) last quarter and probably again this quarter. also, note that there is a statistically insignificant number of people contributing anything to anyone:  
  
&gt; obama got 44 contributions worth about $27,000 and paul 23 for about $19,300. republican john mccain, an iraq war supporter and vietnam prisoner of war, was third with about $18,500 from 32 donors.  
  
edit: i stand corrected. i ran obama's numbers and got about $22k for last quarter. i double-checked paul and got $40.4k for the same filing period. i would still contend that these number are so small as to be insignificant, but they will definitely make some headlines.
speaking of which, you should also vote for nader, rememeber...that guy who is actually trying to take back the elections, the guy who has always been "for the people", fighting for our interests.  ya, that guy.
the reddit headline is, of course, false. allegations of an 'attack' never came from ms rhodes, only from another network host, jon elliott, who is fluent in speaking through his anus.
the claim was not that fdr changed things, but that fdr created the idea of buying votes. that claim is false.


already so tired of the cry baby pee pants whining about gore winning the nobel.

suck it up.
he seems to claim he is against any wars that are not the result of attack directly on american soil. (perhaps you missed his comment, a mis-speak i am sure, that the u.s. has not been attacked. he somehow missed 7 dec 1941.) 


only one of the most important primary states.
frozen hell '08
shut up 08
fuck you dip shit, and fuck your religion too!


dude, what does mine say?
give up '08
it is more complex than that, but that captures a piece of it. markets work when the necessary conditions for a market exist, socialism works when the necessary conditions exist (and frequent communication is a big one), contractual systems work at times. the problem for us is that these different systems sometimes overlap and sometimes none of the systems have their conditions met. and sometimes those who advocate socialism or market capitalism forget whether they are making a moral or an economic argument.


who fucking cares. fuck the pubs and fuck ron paul. seriously when is this shit gonna get off of my internet. if the pubs had their way we'd be posting on stone fucking tablets.

socialism *works* when there is shared purpose, frequent communication (to do price setting), when the items are not interchangeable. contracting workswhen there is a long delay between work and result. markets work when there are many producers and suppliers, when the products are pretty much interchangeable, and when the market clears. this last is critical but ignored by most market advocates. clearing means that at the end of the "day" (market time, a very short but undefined period) all transactions are finished: buys have paid and "received" their goods. this is why schools, for example, do not work as a free market product. it takes a year, at the least and likely many, to know if the school did its job. you can't simply rely on the market to decide if a school is good or bad.

all political systems are more moral (a different issue from efficiency) where there is a minimal amount of force involved (but all involve some kind of force).


wow, so the tragedy of the commons is more than a fable after all!
unfortunately the msm will report it as "increased traffic to rudy and company's sites shows strong support for the republican candidates by the american people" when in fact it's people trying to whittle his treasure chest down.

how pathetic, it takes a comedian to take away rp votes?  i don't think so.  if that's the case, these people shouldn't vote.
though the idea is interesting this article is a good example of why this system of government scares me.  if the media has that much power to sway the public this would essentially give them even more direct power over what happens.
i was going to vote for ron paul, but now i'm voting for colbert.  he's a better candidate.


 you're right, but i don't think anyone's suggesting a violent overthrow of our government that would be led by the military.  they've decided to not follow orders that could be seen as near unconstitutional(a war with iran against the american peoples will...not strictly unconstitutional, but certainly unethical) or just an incredibly bad decision for our military, being that it would stretch our forces so thin that it would erode any outside chance of having something positive come out of either iraq or iran.   
i don't know why you're getting modded down for that. it's the truth, unfortunately.
you're right. it should be news. there's no way i'd support it. i'd rather amend the constitution and get rid of one man, one vote to allow run-off elections. it would be better to amend the constitution and force people to vote than this.

there are reasons the us does not have a direct democracy component to it. the more i read up on it the more i'm opposed to it.
once that pig puts his foot in your door, blast it with your shotgun. tell him the other shell is for his face if he doesn't leave in 3 seconds. shoot him in back of the head if he turns away, the front if he doesn't.
control of all media by the jews has been going on for a long long time. 

"i am aware how almost impossible it is in this country to carry out foreign policy (in the middle east) not approved by the jews... terrific control the jews have over the news media and the barrage the jews have built up on congressmen... i am very much concerned over the fact that the jewish influence here is completely dominating the scene and making it almost impossible to get congress to do anything they don't approve of. the israeli embassy is practically dictating the congress through influential jewish people in the country." - senator fullbright, chair of senate foreign relations committee: 10/07/1973 on cbs "face the nation"   
how will new jersey ever again field a republican primary?
libertarians need to be reminded that not all, but many human ills are curable by legislation, and of course, many have been.
the best solution to a problem doesn't create many more.
i agree with strax though that once they have shifted the population from tibetan to chinese, there won't be a call for it to revert to anything. it would be similar to arizona reverting to an apache indian nation.
i'd like to say this is funny it's just sad.  our media is a joke and our politicians are a joke and that's getting less funny as time goes on.

i wish i hadn't read frank rich's article about how the daily show isn't so funny any more now that our democracy isn't much of one.  i wish i hadn't seen "why we fight."  washington and eisenhower were right; standing armies and the military-industrial-complex will be the death of our republic.
yes, i actually agree with you.  my up comment was pretty smartass, but the two are not mutually exclusive positions.

purely selfishly, i am in favor of a 'sin' tax on cigarettes (and marijuana btw) since i'm not a smoker.

though, i would much rather pay a tax along with everyone fairly than pay for health insurance.  i think so many people are ruined financially by illness that universal health insurance run by the states is the answer.
  &gt;do you really know what he stands for? what he wants? how exactly he would improve the country?

paul and kucinich have no way of winning either, and voting for them is *also* a protest vote. it doesn't matter what colbert stands for. don't you understand what the purpose of a protest vote is!?

do not discourage people from voting for colbert. in the end, it's the same act of defiance against a corrupt system.

you frequently see people, even on reddit, say they they would like to vote for either kucinich or paul, some even suggesting a combined kucinich/paul ticket. even you are alluding to this in your own post. now, if these people had *any idea* what these two people stand for (besides ending the iraq war), they would realize that these two candidates are polar opposites. one wants to *greatly* expand the role of the government, while the other wants to *greatly* shrink it. and yet they would be satisfied to vote for either of them, even if they do know what these two people stand for. you honestly think it's because they agree with them? no! it's because they're *protesting*! voting for colbert is the same exact thing. 
true, you really need something with more ammo, since the pig will show up with 2 of his buddies.
i thought they said if iraq didn't want us there we would leave. oh wait that's after their oil reserves are sucked dry.
&gt;people who will vote for giuliani or clinton aren't going to switch and vote for colbert, but people who are sick of politics and would vote for kucinich or paul may.

paul and kucinich are running for leadership of their parties, not as independants.  colbert never said he was pining for a leadership position in the dems or republicans, and there's no guarantee that either paul or kucinich will run as independants.

too many hypotheticals in your comment.    
soldiers, what the fuck does that have to do with anything? no, it's just that **you** are a psychopath.
howard is a jew and australia is a smaller version of what they're doing here. same way in france with their little hook noser calling for war with iran. 
i don't know about "orders not to listen to nixon and reagan", but i do know of extreme disgust within the military during both the vietnam war and after the iran-contra and "arms for hostages" deals were brought to light. in the case of the vietnam war, it was right after the tet offensive when many in the military, and many returning vets began [voicing their doubts about the war](http://messageinamatrix.wordpress.com/2007/09/04/watergate-anti-vietnam-war-protests-and-us-imperial-failure/)
that, along with the civil unrest at home made the war too costly politically to continue.
agreed.  we are not "pro-free-market."
kucinich paul '08
kucinich paul '08
no, it's not.  a protest vote with an actual platform says "i want someone with this set of values."  a vote for someone who *cannot* win (not won't, but cannot since even if he wins in south carolina he’s not trying to appear on the ballot elsewhere) and has no actual platform is throwing away a chance to make your voice heard.  what do you think president hillary or giuliani will think about the people who voted for colbert?  not a damn thing, because he has no real platform or agenda.  it’s simply a null vote, just like voting for mickey mouse as i said before.  it’s a vote for a fictional character.  it's not "defiance against a corrupt system", it's a corporate sponsored way to throw away your vote.

elections aren’t a joke or a chance to grab some ratings.  don’t play along with this.

you better veto, buddy. the last thing your administration needs right now is an empowered press. 
i don't get it, is this how internet ads really work?  you don't get paid unless people click?
people *do* vote for mickey mouse. all the time. he frequently appears as a write-in candidate in election results.

a protest is a protest is a protest.
...and 100% of statistics are skewed to get the outcome the pollers want.
you made a big edit there while i was replying.  

i said both kucinich and paul because they are both underdog candidates with well defined and popular (online at least) platforms.  i don't support both personally and it's a bit of a straw man for you to bring up the occasional mention of a combined ticket.  there's pretty much one guy that mentions it on every paul or kucinich related story and he quickly gets down-modded for the very reason you stated.

..say this results in 50000 clicks (which it wont) -- that's $50000 (give or take) out of $millions.   
   
good try though.      
    
who submits digg's to reddit anyway?
so frequently it gets down to the question of does an individual own their name and personal information? if this particular topic was resolved in favor of the individual's rights, then a lot of these inadvertant webs that can then be exploited would be much harder to facilitate and maintain.
in other news, 95% of americans abuse their public services and benefits. the other 5% cheat on their taxes.
s/"kucinich paul"/"colbert putin"
a summary of exactly why the bush administration's invocation of the state secrets privilege regarding immunity for telecommunications companies involved in illegal wiretapping is incorrect, and why we must fight this ever-worsening degradation of the rule of law.
meaningless. gay/lesbian couples can marry in the us. their marriage doesn't get certified by the state, but marriage of any type is not prohibited.
batman for president 2008 lolololololol
how, exactly, will this effect their campaigns? so their ad bills will get bigger. it's not like they're short of cash.

also, there's something really patronising about this title.
and they are throwing their vote away.  that's my point.  a vote for colbert and a vote for mickey mouse will have the exact same effect.  if you want to make your vote count, vote for someone, not against someone.  if you *really really* honestly cannot stand anyone who is running, vote for a fictional character, but know it's exactly like writing null on your ballot.

i'm done with this conversation.  i can't believe people on reddit would rather vote for someone who doesn't exist than try and actually have a positive effect on this country when it's going to hell so quickly.
  
[mickey mouse: electoral career](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mickey_mouse#electoral_career)
&gt;you made a big edit there while i was replying.

i apologize for that.

anyway, let me clarify something that i think is very important in this situation. both paul and kucinich are extremists. even their supporters will admit it. they want *radical* changes in government. that's the reason they won't win, because most people don't want to elect extremists. however, there *are* people who want to protest, but do not want to vote for an extremist candidate. there are also people who want to protest, but cannot find a good candidate they want to give more of a voice to because, even if they want change, they don't want *that* particular change. this is the void that both mickey mouse and stephen colbert fill.

i guarantee you, if someone *really* supports the specific issues paul and kucinich stands for, they will *not* be voting for colbert. they are more concerned with having their voice heard than protesting. a colbert candidacy is useful for the *rest* of us.
w bush warred too greedily and too often?
it's "funny", unless he really pursues it - then it takes votes away from ron paul, doesn't it...?


except colbert is clearly a character, and stewart is more of a real person.  but yes.
pay per click.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pay_per_click
timothy are you back again?
good luck finding it; it's not in my saved
or hidden articles, and can't be found in a search! i spent a lot of time looking for it
on the new reddit, but i never found it! maybe it's a *secret* article!
nah, it's the simpsons episode "you only move twice". scorpio had unbagged sugar in his pockets too.
you can't be serious.
i doubt they'd ever pay it back to google anyway.  repbublicans love to be in debt these days.
seems clear enough when you read the two sentences together.  in fact, i believe using that word twice would be redundant.

though, i'm not a snob or an editor, so what do i know?
so each and every person who declares they are a journalist is entitled to special rights?  cool, my posts are now part of my journalism record as a political commentator and a legitimate journalist.  this is a very bad idea which will have many significant far reaching unintended consequences.
the us has that: it is called the constitution. respect it.
giuliani is certainly scary. but, even scarier is the notion that his main opponent, hillary clinton, has surrounded herself with very similar neocon advisors. and her policies have often had the neocon stamp of approval. so, really, there's not much of a choice between them. both are warhawks who would most likely expand federal power at the expense of liberty and civil rights.
don't hold your breath!
this is nice gesture.  but, just as we should not judge and condemn based on one bad act we can't make any broad conclusions based on this.  
you know, one of these days a cop is going to try that sort of thing and the offended citizen is going to take out a gun and shoot him in the fucking head--and that will be the last time he abuses his authority.
there was once a time when bush would have walked among the scrub in crawford, but now he has a mind of metal and wheels. 
i'm all for canadian prisoners marrying each other. 
you're not throwing your vote away since the whole voting thing is an illusion, anyways.  
 this nation is no village. and is no family. and there will be no unity, nor should there be. quit hijacking terms as if it means your 'deep' xtian pretards. make up new ones, like i do. 
"stolen" from prison planet, *maynard*!
socialized health care does *not* cost less, it does *not* give better care.

culture of course plays a lot into health, especially when given an advanced western democracy.

free markets are good, for the last time, because they create competition which drives *down* prices and spurs innovation.  look at which countries are producing new medicines and treatments that save lives... i'll tell you they aren't european government socialized systems.  look at where [canadian government officials](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/articlenews/story/ctvnews/20070914/belinda_stronach_070914/20070914?hub=health) come to america for the better treatment.

not everyone can afford that better treatment in america sadly, yet.  but overlaying socialism and another bulbous bureaucracy that takes up massive chunks of our country's output is not the solution.  europe cannot sustain their socialist system, and neither can we.  creating competition, such as what we have in the us with lasik eye surgery and plastic surgery (the two areas prices in health have gone down and quality has risen because there is competition) makes it available to everyone.  letting people choose what policies to buy from what states, letting them choose what coverages they need, makes the system better, not government regulation that restricts choice, fixes prices, and squashes innovation.
&gt; mr obama's spokesman, bill burton, responded to the news by saying: "every family has a black sheep."
and many pretards 'think' that makes sense.

as a matter of justice, you only fight when attacked. you do not murder people for what they might do. goddamned dumbass xtian pretards and your delusional opinion that you can actually predict future events...all while pretending you know god. goddamned idiots, every fucking one of you.
works for me.  every cop who abuses people like that should be fucking shot.  i hate pigs.
first, this is yet more distortion about
a very minor british court case.  this has
been refuted on reddit.  see

http://scienceblogs.com/deltoid/2007/10/an_error_is_not_the_same_thing.php

the really ironic thing is that the british court was comparing gore's film to *the ipcc report!*   it's difficult to see how this can bring any comfort to the anti-gw crowd.

the other scientifically relevant comments
about gw in the piece are very uniformed.

a good place to get started with the science of global warming is www.realclimate.org.  

if you can't take the time to understand the science, your best, if imperfect, guide is the scientific consensus.
this is simply a symptom of the fucked up war on drugs. no surprise, really.
to quote *"v"*: "there is something terribly wrong with this country."
no, and armed rebellion would not be tolerated.  that's different.

furthermore, our system explicitly provides for an alternative to military means: you're supposed to advocate your cause, whatever it is, through electoral politics.  that's an avenue china doesn't provide, yet despite that, the dalai llama still preaches nonviolence.
where some canadian officials choose to get their healthcare is neither here nor there. i ask you again, show me one country, just one, that has better healthcare than us and a more free market system. i don't think you can find it. in fact, i'm sure you can't find it, because such a country does not exist.
i think it safe to say you completely and utterly missed the point of the article. it's about how similar hillary's approach is to neoconservatism.
reddit needs a [ron paul spam] tag before these articles.  let's get something fresh on here.
 there are a lot of assertions in this article, with not much to back them up.

&gt;despite the vast body of evidence indicating homosexuality is a result of environment rather than genetic code.

yikes. 
same sex marriage? is that an euphemism for prison rape?
wake up sheeple...blah blah blah
the only thing an xtian is gonna create is a living hell right here on earth, while stupidly claiming their abuse is fixing things.

obama just fell off my radar screen.
in the same spirit, i click the down arrow next to your post.  
i wasn't spewing anything, i was repeating it from memory without rigorous biblio/reference checking.   
right wing article:  
http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/archives/2006/06/limbaugh_detained_for_unathorized_viagra_possession/  

"liberal media":  
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/6/27/135536/233  
http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/06/27/national/main1753947.shtml  
http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_oet&amp;address=358x3969  

good idea
it was cheap for him .. the one muslim in arkansas built a temple for the one jewish guy in arkansas.  it didn't have to be big.
leave it to kids to defend a murdering psychopath.
what's an internet?
something is very vindictive about the american abuse/destruction system you mean. there is no real 'justice' system. hasn't been for a long time, if ever.

goddamned xtian pretards.
bush and powell are related, so anything is possible. most of these assholes are blood relatives. why do you suppose that is?
xtians are like that. delusionally thinking they're welcome to take a look anywhere their pinhead's tell them to.
well obviously, because we've never tried it before, it can't work.

the problems with socialized care are too great and the costs too high to not try something else.

canadian government officials coming here is *incredibly* important.  why, if their system is so great, do their rich come here?  because they get treatment *faster* and *better* here.  if we push the free market concepts that make our system great, it will get better.

that is where we disagree, but its sad to see you don't acknowledge the massive problems with the socialist system.
that's not what i said.  you don't need violent overthrow for a military coup to take place. you just need a cessation of rule-of-law, which happens the minute the military decides to do what it thinks is right, instead of what it's told to do. 
craig has been a dedicated bushite and warmonger, but i am delighted he is staying in the senate (and i hope he runs for reelection)
no but fat pasty talentless fucks like the author caused the whole thing and are prolonging it too. and casting about trying to pin blame on everyone but themselves.
bullshit.
okay, borat.
borat is back, it seems.
 blah blah blah. i'm 'sure' bush cries himself to sleep at night. 
absolutely he does.
 fuck that stupid bitch. she had her chance and blew it. time to throw her useless lying ass onto the trash heap. with all the other useless lying xtian pretard pieces of shit.
he's on by popular demand....enjoy the video.
i agree with you, however i'm sure most conservatives are aware he's making a parody out of almost everything them.
i started making donations to ron paul's campaign shortly after leaving the marine corps. i wonder how many vets conribute in comparison to other candidates.
see, we've been through this. the socialized systems do it better than us. we've got history there. we've got facts. you've got theories. doesn't cut it for me....
whoever inherits this trainwreck of a nation is gonna need to be a magician to not end up as the skipper when we struck the iceberg.
you spewed:

&gt;carrying oxy and viagra afaik.

which is untrue. when someone publishes falsehoods about you, i hope you remember this exchange.

now, can you explain to me why the erectile dysfunction of even a public figure is anybody's business but his own?


the dead pelican: mary landrieu collects $211,301 so far from federal lobbyists
http://www.thedeadpelican.com/maryspecialinterest.htm

u.s. senator mary landrieu's 2002 campaign criticized the use of "special interest money." when she faced tv ads from outside groups in her 2002 campaign, they said it was "...yet one more outside washington special interest group...that wants a senator it can control, not an independent voice for louisiana.'" ("latest ads criticize landrieu on taxes, unions," times-picayune, 12/4/02)

but according to campaign finance information, landrieu has accepted some help from special interests of her own.

in the 2002 election cycle mary landrieu led all in-cycle senators by accepting $205,551 (according to opensecrets.org) in campaign funds from lobbyists! perhaps as a testament to her increasing vulnerability for 2008, landrieu has already blown by that figure during the first nine months of the election cycle. to date, she has already collected $211,301 (according to fec reports and the senate office of public records) from federal lobbyists -- and we still have more than a year until the election.
begun, the clone wars have.
i'm with you. my sense of humor has become a casualty of the bush administration. 

but if your gonna have a circus you might as well have some clowns. 
he's dead.

why are you so concerned about limbaugh's erections?
i've mostly heard the "vast body of evidence" argument from religious bigots.  it was a bit of surprise to read an article from a bigot pointing out bigotry in someone else.
i'm glad you have a clear understanding of democracy.
i think it's a nice thought, and i will certainly vote for him if he makes it past the primary, but realistically i just don't think he has a chance. call me a pessimist. 
yea, badge or not, if i walked in on someone molesting my wife, they would be shot. i keep a gun in "condition 3" within arms reach. i may or may not notice the uniform, but even then, any criminal could easily get one. the only way i can really tell between a criminal and a cop these days(though now they are often both) is the way they conduct themselves. tackling my wife without any real reason would be un-policeman like conduct.
 downvoted. not only is this a non-working idea, it's childish aswell. should have stayed at digg.
even a brilliant man can show episodes of stupidity. sometime i think hitchens would love to see a complete genocide of these people, making him no better than what he condemns routinely.


i didn't read the article. i just hate the terms.
but what about.... "9-11"?
robin williams has already done the movie...."man of the year"
i don't why, i guess for the same reason he can rabidly dig through everyone who he doesn't like's personal flaws and their past?
err... it *is* on the politics subreddit. if you don't see the "[politics]" tag, that's because you *are* on the politics subreddit. learn to use the subreddits correctly or don't post.
right, but what i mean is..he's not in on the joke.  he doesn't pretend to be conservative.
&gt; sometime i think hitchens would love to see a complete genocide of these people

that's pretty much what he said in that lecture...
a digg submitted to reddit?  think that's a first.
exactly what i was thinking.
don't like either of them, but hillary is better than rudy, not that it will come to that.  it's going to be edwards v. huckabee because hillary is not going to win nh and in nc she'll have like 1%.  ron paul will get all the name recognition he needs nationally from being in the top 3 in nh.
reddit's huge militant atheist contingent is gonna *love* this story...

very well, it is settled. admiral ackbar, commence cloneing an army of ron pauls!!
there-in lies the problem. people who downvote and comment on articles that they don't even bother to read. oddly, from some of your other posts, you'd probably agree with the article if you actually read it. 
 they should be embarrassed for starkly different reasons. but they're too stupid to see that. which should also embarass them. i don't get how people who dumbass their way through life only pretending to know things get any satisfaction whatsoever. especially when their are real victims of their 'opinions'. goddamn, it defies logic. unless you factor in the traditional definition of evil.
i am of the opnion that billary could top his kill count, but we'll see.
what do you expect from digg?

btw, downmodded for that reason alone. don't link to a stupid digg page that provides no information whatsoever. oops, that was redundant. just don't link to digg, period.
if you were in possession of crack cocain but there was only one witness tying you to the crime, you might actually be better off killing the witness and do the time for the murder instead!
no
huh? what?
i lolled at this as well.

fucking cheney, man. i though i smelled nigger.
&gt;edwards v. huckabee

that's an odd pairing. why huckabee? and do you think edwards would even carry nc? (he didn't last time.) primaries, maybe, but not in the actual election.

personally, i think that barring a wild card entry like jeb bush or al gore, it'll come down to hillary vs rudy, simply because they've been pre-ordained by the power elite to maintain the status quo. ever notice that in the last couple elections between bush and gore and bush and kerry that the candidates have been more similar than dissimilar? there are several reasons for that. not least of which is that the d's usually put forward the candidate most like the r's in some misguided judgement that's what it takes to get elected.
did you actually read the article that started this discussion?
which is counter to what you said, because the only thing you know about me is that i was a soldier.

so.. unless you are actually stalking me..

i guess the only true psychopath here would be you then.
im not, in fact, i didnt bring up viagra at all, i was just attempting to give incite on the viagra reference you were asking about.
it doesn't matter what he really stands for. this is his tv character running, and only in sc. even if he were to win in the south carolina primary (in either of the two parties -- he says he'll be running in both), that's not enough to actually win the presidency. it's just a joke. he's a comedian.

and with [pat paulsen](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pat_paulsen) dead, somebody has to take up the slack.
watched the whole thing. pretty impressive actually. the more and more i see of paul the more and more i like him.
if he pulls a fred thomson he'll end up splitting the democratic vote down the middle. if ron paul (by some miracle) gets the gop nomination, this would be very good for him. so, imo, the fat fuck should run. 
and i bet it's not even any fun, compared to personal responsibility (ie freedom).
seriously, this surprises the hell out of me. i really didn't expect to find that one of the most prominent atheists conforms completely to the most paranoiac caricatures of atheists in the minds of fundamentalists.


remember, you're not supporting the troops by supporting the troops.

patriots don't want to deny our troops a glorious death in a far away land whilst defending 'freedom'.
which is irrelevant.

he was a child, easily used, now he is an adult, able to flex his political muscle more appropriately.

perhaps we should start basing all our judgments on you on how you acted as a 12 year old.  masturbating all the time, looking at the sears catalog underwear section.  etc etc.
&gt;birth control pills aren't available over the counter in the us. you need a prescription, and that generally requires a doctor. there are sound medical reasons for this (lots of other forms of birth control are available over the counter because the they are safer medically).

this isn't really true. birth control is basically just a cash cow for gyno's, and is quite safe. 5 minutes to write a prescription, the doctor gets $50-100, thanks to stupid laws.

&gt;now, one could perhaps make the argument that a nurse or similarly trained medical professional could handle the task, and you may be right. you will find this is in fact done in a number of countries with government insured health care. 

quite true. that's one reason why health care is cheaper in france than here. and if we did this here, it would increase the supply of medical care (lowering prices).

you seem to be saying that single payer insurance will encourage the government to change the laws restricting medical care. but why gamble on that? why not just change the laws themselves?

politicians don't like it, since the public might realize they are causing some of the problems. but i dont care about politicians.

&gt;afaik, it isn't done by private insured health care.

of course not. that would be illegal. if it were legal, i'm sure most private insurance would do it (it would save money, and increase profit, right?).

&gt;so your assumption that this is imposed by having government insured health care is incorrect.

that's not my assumption. i'm simply pointing out that the government raises the cost of health care. and you want them to be involved in paying for it too? they already cause many problems, i don't see how giving them more power will help.
very good view in to the workings of the executive.  upvote upvote!!
imus sucks. what a loser. how does he even have a job? are there that many phony cowboy asshats out there?
yes, and i think it is about him and staff rabidly attacking a reporter and threatening to dig through the reporter's past and find all their personal flaws and expose them because said reporter wrote an article that rush didn't think he'd like.  
_afaik_ but i could be wrong.
this is what they have james bond doing these days?
that's one scary video. the idea that there are 2-3 behind the scenes legal "yes-men" like yoo and addington who basically serve to grant the president and vice president any old thing they want in terms of legal powers is simply amazing. what's more amazing is that congress knows this and does nothing. maybe even most incredulous is the mindset of addington and cheney that seem to think there's any conceivable benefit from creating what amounts to a dictatorial or monarchical president with unlimited powers. that's the part i really don't understand. why would anyone think that's even a desirable goal?
if the legal system was good enough for saddam, then it's good enough for blackwater.

you sleep in the bed you make.
kucinich paul '08
old
the author goes into the law of rights-of-way, easements, and the exercising of eminent domain by utilities with ferc transmission line construction permits.
&gt;standing armies and the military-industrial-complex were the death of our republic.

fixed.
don't worry, the president is taking care of that already. after all, you can't abuse what's not there. we'll start with children's healthcare and work from there. take that, sweden! 

as far as taxes are concerned, we are working on that, too. the rich folks don't have to cheat on their taxes already! the government is handling that for them. and the poor folks -- well, fuck that, let them cheat on their taxes all they want, they stay poor anyway. heh heh heh.
attempting to silence the speech you disagree with. a true mark of the self-righteous hypocrite.
i deselected the politics subreddit from showing on the main page. suddenly, my main page has never been more interesting.
you, me and everyone in the world are 'distant cousins'.
first of all, ten seems way too high. last i heard was 6, but this is without checking. the word "own" here is so ambiguous also. i doubt each of the owners of these corporations is truly his own boss, but we will probably never know who gives orders to the upper bosses. 
i dont contribute because i dont base who i support off one issue.  but he wins the nomination id vote for him over anyone other than kucinich
i thought this was a stupid idea, then i saw that it linked to digg, so then i knew it was a stupid idea.
old, but timely, seeing that he just announced for president.
i have no doubt that giuliani is a pure 
totalitarian.
voting, or lack of it, is an important issue in india and probably around the world as well. some interesting ideas to consider.
 well, let's see how fair you are with it:

1) what are the problems with a socialist health care system?

2) how can we reapply models, economically in this instance, to understand how a free market system could work in a health care role?

it boils down to you not trusting emergent free market properties and me not trusting a command and control socialist bureaucracy to make my health care decisions for me.  its called innovation to reapply things from one area to another, and health badly needs innovation.

i also continue to contest that socialist systems do "better" than us.  ours costs a lot more currently for individuals, unless you factor in the ludicrous tax rates of these western socialist systems.  they have absolutely unacceptable wait times for treatments in these socialist systems as well, which causes their rich to come here, and it stems from price controls.  they also have waste in the form of people going to the doctor for anything and everything because they are spending other peoples' money.  this is why the government is wasteful (they spend our money), and why socialist health is wasteful (they spend our money).

remember the price freeze on gas under president carter?  it caused lines, long lines, and shortages.  imagine that in health care and you begin to understand the problems associated with britain and canada's lines now.  then, when you understand what scale does to those systems, we realize that a socialized system is going to break down even further when its scaled up from britain's population to america's population.

there are better ways to do things than the wait times and the government waste.  the socialized systems look great on paper, to some people, because the government's have *warped* what the free market can do with regulations here in the united states.  the free market system isn't going to do much (although walmart and target, etc, offering free and $4 prescriptions is a free market innovation) when the government tells it how to act.

*edited for clarity*

i agree with a lot of the article, but it is not true that the nyt hasn't mentioned kucinich in months.

http://query.nytimes.com/search/query?query=kucinich&amp;srchst=nyt

wait, by varied paths they must mean they both got into politics in the hopes of attaining the presidency.

how varied is that!
that graph is almost 6 years old, so the 10 probably is too high.  it still talks about wb and upn.
you have a point, but then again, the first sentence is redundant altogether.

that being said, i *am* thinking about considering myself a snob. won't settle for editor.
downmodded because it is sorely outdated. vivendi universal isn't even a company anymore...it's nbc universal.

see that little note on the graph that says "current as of december 2001"? that might have been a clue.
don't smoke crack or kill people and you'll have less to worry about! i finally quit both, damn they're hard habits to shake!
maybe he got in. he'd make a helluva mascott.
two numbers.

9 and 11.

he was there when those two numbers because something other than numbers, they became a symbol.  a symbol of rudy's political campaign.
your idea of having a "positive effect" isn't universal. not everyone wants to elect ron paul, because not everyone is a libertarian. for those of us that don't support paul (even though he is an amazing rhetorician and i applaud him for stirring up the debates), they're *all* bad candidates, and we're fucked no matter what we do. voting for someone just because they're controversial and they'll change the country is insane. it's just as bad a reason to vote for someone as because they are the son of the last guy who was president... so rather than *not* voting, which would send the message that i do not care about the results of the election, why not vote for a non-existent candidate to send the message that i think the candidates are a joke?
 so you support kucinich / paul 08. i've been trying to figure you out for some time now w.t, and that goes a long way towards showing your character. though i find your style of rhetoric a bit caustic and counterproductive to the general harmony cause. 
you suck at trolling.
laugh all you want.  it won't affect my world one bit.  what's happened thus far with the rp campaign is unprecedented in my experience.  no independent minded candidate has ever resonated like this with the people especially this early on in the campaign. 

how it will turn out is anyone's guess.  anyone that is still saying with any degree of certainly that he won't or can't win, or at least have a profound effect on the next election cycle is a fool.  such an attitude is based solely on opinion and prejudice, not a well thought out extrapolation of current trends.  

it may be true that the largest base of support is coming from the younger set, but it's foolish to say that they don't vote based on their performance over the past couple of decades.  unless romney's crew deviously schedules a lollapaloosa or burning man on the date of each state's primary, i'll be very surprised if they "no show".

btw, i don't support candidates based on whether i think they can win.  i support them based on whether i believe in some, and hopefully most of what they espouse.  politics isn't, or shouldn't be thought of like a sports match.
they couldn't pass it last time; now it's back again!
 right, there are problems. the way i see it, we've got a trade off. we can trade our wasteful semi-free market system, which fails to insure everyone and often fails to keep those who can afford insurance insured (prexisting conditions and whatnot) for a socialist style system, where everyone will be given a minimum of care. there may be wait times (though i find most reports to be a bit exagerated. wait times for emergency and critical stuff is usually as low or lower, non-emergency stuff perhaps not), but you are covered no matter what and the costs are lower, paid through taxes.

i would not do away with private insurance totally. the idea of the socialized system is to provide a basic level of care for all people. to me, that means lots of preventative medicine, basic stuff, etc... if you want more care or less wait times and can afford it, then you can buy additional insurance.

for me, the trade off of wait times is worth it.
# access from http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yib9/comments/ has been denied

oh yeah, that's some mighty fine security you got going there.

that's what i was thinking.  that week, he was flashing all kinds of odd hand signs.  don't want to promote ct, but it could be his first job is to take away from the rp movement.
* giuliani: pro-choice
* clinton: pro-choice

* giuliani: supported war in iraq
* clinton: supported war in iraq (voted for it)[source](http://clinton.senate.gov/speeches/iraq_101002.html)

* giuliani: supports staying in iraq
* clinton: on iraq: she would keep u.s. troops in iraq for the foreseeable future because "we cannot lose sight of our very real strategic national interests in this region."[source](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/07/15/ar2007071501112.html)

* giuliani: on iran: "you can’t rule out anything and you **shouldn’t take any option off the table**" [source](http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsnews/idusn0532286820070606?feedtype=rss)
* clinton: on iran: "we **cannot take any option off the table** in sending a clear message to the current leadership of iran" [source](http://www.newsday.com/news/nationworld/nation/ny-ushill194593036jan19,0,5773049.story)

* giuliani: pro gun control
* clinton: pro gun control

* giuliani: supports same sex civil unions, opposes gay marriage
* clinton: supports same sex civil unions, opposes gay marriage

* giuliani: supports death penalty
* clinton: supports death penalty

* giuliani: supports federal funding of stem cell research [source](http://www.parkinsonsaction.org/content/view/212/212/)
* clinton: supports federal funding of stem cell research [source](http://clinton.senate.gov/news/statements/details.cfm?id=258779)

* giuliani: supported patriot act
* clinton: supported patriot act (voted for it) [source](http://www.senate.gov/legislative/lis/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=107&amp;session=1&amp;vote=00313)

so what's the difference between the two? one is a woman and the other is a woman only some of the time? they're the same fucking thing.
to paraphrase george carlin, "stunningly, stunningly, fucked."
congress is included in this poll.  follow link to poll number, not just article listing what it wants to say. 
http://www.galluppoll.com/content/?ci=28795&amp;pg=1
  &gt; "so each and every person who declares they are a journalist is entitled to special rights?"

yeah, like freedom of the press.

here in america, komrade rolling, our founding fathers knew it was *essential* to our system of governance.

&gt;"this is a very bad idea which will have many significant far reaching unintended consequences."

democracy could break out at any minute.  the government might become transparent and accountable.  it would be a nightmare (for the likes of you, komrade) i tell you!  

it could put our entire network of unconstitutional secret torture prisons at risk!
i really wish dobbs would use his bully pulpit to speak to the erosion of civil liberties and rights. the real danger of a lame duck bush, probably more accurately described as a *wounded predator* than a lame duck, is the mad-dash power grabs and rights suspensions will continue unchecked.
sorry:p
i could put up with either, but paul has my vote before kucinich does for the simple fact that kucinich supports an assault weapons ban and other gun control. you know someone has the potential for tyrrany when they feel that they need an excessive monopoly on firepower. however, a dem pretty much has to run on this given the ideals of their support base. either way, kucinich cannot beat the monster that is hillary. ron paul has a much better chance of winning his party's nomination.
it might lead to some sort of accountability, and then where would we all be!
in a place where almost everyone agrees on everything, i would rather play devil's advocate than redditor #24.
meh, he'd act like he was against it but he'd really be pushing it. and the funny thing is that his 'dark masters' most likely wouldn't get the satire.
ooooowee.

[look at the results](http://djomama.blogspot.com/2006/07/its-official.html).
 also i think it's like 5 or 6 media corporations now
i hate prisonplanet.  i distrust hillary clinton.  

my enemy is my enemy's enemy.  too much information.
my biggest problem with kucinich is that he might possibly be the only democrat who believes in what he says he believes in.
it's insignificant relative to total donations but the significance is in the fact that of all military members who are politically active enough to make a donation, more side with ron paul than anyone else. that says something.
hmm. the san jose mercury news publishes an article online. it requires free registration so i'm too lazy to read the rest of the article. lew rockwell's blog copy/pastes that paragraph, adding "reports the san jose mercury news:" and a link, and gets voted up to reddit's front page. you copy/paste the paragraph again in a comment, and get modded up.

something seems wrong with all of this, but then again it sure does make it easy for me to read that paragraph without jumping through hoops.
are you a bullshit-conscious voter?
how about google video:



[google video link of hilldog](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7007109937779036019 )
makes no difference. although the votes have not been cast, they've been counted. it's the counters that decide not you i.e. counters in florida put bush in for the first four and counters in ohio put him in again. now it's the democrats turn and it will be nine more years till the republicans regurgitate. for 28 years it was and will be bush, clinton, clinton, bush, bush, clinton, clinton; get it. 
how is mitt "double guantanamo" romney that much less scary?

was qualified to be president?  i don't think so.

not that i think very many of our non-entertainer presidents have had the qualifications a president should have, either, though.
who gives a damn about who is #1 in military donations? that won't sway my support.

the more important question is which candidate is getting the most donations from hot chicks? which one is the biggest pimp? 

that's who gets my vote.
true. that's why i like ron paul. his voting record in congress and his ethical background make it quite obvious that what you see is what you get. when bush first came into office i honestly though he might be an alright president, but he changed that quickly.

if the two could run together, they'd be great. i'd trade banning of abortion and stemcell research for no-restrictions firearm ownership and dismemberment of the batf and irs.  
in any case, it's annoying to actually read, so downvote.
slow down. deep breath. stop spewing garbage.
could you name a few of clinton's neocon advisors?
ron paul is a good man, but i don't think he's fit to run our country right now. in many ways, his ideal government-citizens relationship is ideal, and that's great. but having ron paul in office would mean a very, very drastic change to the political landscape, which is never good for america. look at the 2000 election.
no need to panic, they only repeat him 10x per day.
and? is this a problem? if so, how? also, do you have proposed solutions? do you want to outlaw successful business ventures through legislation?
yea, cause waiting hours in the doctors office is the way to go.  hey, how about you prove to your doctor that the tests you need are needed.  how about waiting months for any sort of elective surgery?  has it never occurred to you that all of these hmo managers will become bureaucrats in a new system?  


let me take a stab at it--jews?
alternatively, i suggest somebody on digg links  this reddit article, and vice-versa, and so on and so forth until we have thousands of links all pointing to each other.

we will call it the interweb.  and it will involve nothing but digg and reddit.

oh, wait...
pretty sure murder and manslaughter aren't the same thing.
wtf stupid question is that? 

i'm a man, why should i vote for for hillary and not edwards? i'm also white, so perhaps i should ask obama the same question.
tell me about it. i try to quit, but every once in awhile, man, i just start shaking, and i think back to how good it feels, and i go out and stab me a hobo.
why is he a better candidate?  do you even know his political stance?  do you know he actual views?  remember, he is a comedian on a satirical news program.

all i am saying is why would you decide who to vote for before knowing their stance?
was that a junkyard? was the car they smashed even operable? regardless, this seems a little excessive.
lol that would do it.
hail hitlery maybe.
nonsense.  by the time the conventions are done, you always wind up with two people you don't want to vote for anyway (conservative or really conservative).  the whole process is a charade- from the first caucus to the election. 
if all the politicians who had violated campaign finance laws were rounded up and trucked off to prison, washington would empty out fairly quickly. but that aside, perhaps most telling is that a mere senator is able to get all three branches of government, including a supposedly hostile executive branch, to cover her numerous tracks. think about that whenever tempted to think that this is a two party system working at odds. it's not. it's a systematic abuse of power by the powerful elite ruling class.
i think margaret thatcher is living proof that you shouldn't vote for someone just because they're female. ;)
who commented that she’s seen a revolution in women’s rights, and for the first moment the nation is finally faced with a serious female candidate for president.
it's not hard to be a better candidate than ron paul.  nihilist libertarians like ron paul want to destroy our federal government. no amount of tooting dr. paul's horn will make even close to a majority of people in the us want that.

colbert is not a nihilist/libertarian.  therefore, he'd have my vote over ron paul any day.
right. that's why i said he comes back on in an hour.
i'm a firm believer in democracy.  the us is a representative democracy, not a true democracy.  this is why we have this bs about worrying about one candidate taking votes away from another.

however, i also don't believe that the ends should ever justify the means.

if you want to vote for rp or colbert, even if they're a minority, you should still vote for them.

that's why i say that if all righteous rp supporters would actually vote for colbert (for reasons i will never understand), then they can do as they please.  people who don't take their candidate seriously and choose a comedian over them shouldn't vote.
we all know what the americans want to do, they want to torture and they're just itching to do it and inventing new methods, playing word games to go against the spirit of the law.

all i'm saying is be honest with yourself, if you need to stop the proverbial "ticking time bomb" situation, just go ahead torture.  if you want to put the hurt on some muj, that is in your nature, don't deny it.

we will all know where the usa will stand globally, but why would you folks care about the image of the usa anyway?  it's not like it stopped you from starting an illegal war of aggression against iraq.

 
wonder when he is going to interview himself to get the bump.
me ron paul supporter. what you supporter of?
what is popular is that change, big change, is needed.  that the current system is broken and someone needs to step up and try to do something different.

frankly, ron paul's views on how things should be are not at all the way i'd like things done.  yet, at the same time, i think that if he had 4 years too push things back a little the middle result would be better then what we got now.
to the best of my knowledge, no, no scientific study has shown harm from transmission line em fields.  and i don't believe that the federal guidelines have any such requirement, although it's hard to know for sure.

on the other hand, this potentially gives the feds a way to justify overruling local permitting restrictions that are based on outdated state laws like the colorado laws.
thank you so much - i have been looking for this article for years- ever since i saw it in the national magazine while waiting for a friend.  when i tell friends they can't believe this is true- so now i have a way to prove it.  thanks again!
she's only a serious candidate because men stopped asking: "you're a woman - why should i vote for you?"

senator clinton's gender is about as relevant to the job as her skin color or hair-style.
&gt; this is his tv character running, and only in sc.

not necessarily true, he said he might run as colbert / colber**t** :p

edit: which makes me think, even better would be his character running as a republican and his true self as democrat. that way he can run against a formidable opponent and keep the election circus interesting!
if you were driving and someone saw you lighing up your crack pipe while behind the wheel, you might as well hit the bastard then throw your crack into the sewer while you pretend to give him cpr on the sidewalk.

who knows, the judge might let you off if you are convincing enough in your story of "not having seen him walk in front of you" you might get off.
then don't murder him; slaughter him.

hmm, sounded better in my head.  anyway, yes, guess why drug dealers are often violent.  it *makes sense* for them.  it's better than the alternative, especially since many murder cases aren't solved.
when lynne cheney was interviewed about her new book, she said obama was dick's 8th cousin through obama's mother's side of the family. obama's mama is a jewess'; his father a black from nigeria. obama when queried said dick was the black sheep of the family. thought that was funny.


cheney, obama are eighth cousins - politics - msnbc.com“every family has a black sheep,” said spokesman bill burton. lynne cheney did not reference the ancestral ties between her husband and obama in the book. ...
www.msnbc.msn.com/id/21340764/ 

the war on drugs is just an excuse to oppress the poor and scare the middle class.  no country can pretend to be "free" as long as recreational drugs are outlawed.
that guy shows well.
that's pretty naive of you.

not a single one of his ideas will ever pass congress. the only thing he will be able to accomplish is re-deploying the us military, which he has a right to do as a commander in chief. everything else? it won't work. none of it will work. at all. not the bills, not the judicial nominations, not anything.

same with kucinich, coincidentally, and basically all other extremist candidates.

you want to know how to *really* fix the system? start from the bottom up. city councils. state legislatures. congressional representatives. when you have the infrastructure set up, only then will you hope to fix anything.
considering what a joke the us political system is, seems like he's the only one qualified to run.  at least he knows it's a joke.
you know, when put into historical context, this is not all that surprising. the muslim/jewish death struggle is a relatively recent invention. historically, the muslims have been a far better friend to the jews than almost anyone else, including the christians.

when jewish pogroms occurred in europe (as they often did), it was not uncommon for muslims (in those areas of europe where there were muslims) to protect jews. there are also quite a few recorded instances of muslims in northern africa protecting jewish families from the nazis when they invaded.
 &gt; only one mentioning race is you.

only one here encouraging the killing of people based on their race here is you.

[edit:  you and that other guy, redfel.]
don't divide over minute details. find a freedom loving constitutionalist, band together in backing him, and get him in the white house.

remember, the crazies in the religious right are going to be voting for whoever people like john hagee tell them to(guiliani), with those orders having come from the cfr(who guiliani is a member of.)

the nutjob bleeding heart liberal feminist cunts (socialists) are going to be backing hillary.

for the real patriots of this country to divide their votes between nader, paul, kucinich, gavel, and others is to basically ensure defeat in '08.
i propose doing away with interlocking directorships.  each firm has a stake in the other firm's success, so they all want to be on the same wave when it comes to one important issue: holding on to power.  they are the establishment and they are threatened by those who want to do away with it or completely reform it.  their solution? dumb down americans through their media outlets so they don't get in the way or threaten their global thirst for more power.
wow, way to misread that teleprompter.  "dark hose candidate" indeed.
that's not fox, it's a doppleganger!
you need the hobo patch.
thanks
so, your answer to my question is yes, you support making it illegal for businesses to strive to make the most money. right?
now now, i'm not trying to get into a row about anything here.  

i try and bring politics up with anyone.  it won't be the first thing i'll bring up, and i don't immediately try and turn it into an argument or try and convince them that my point of view is right.  political discussions often go that way.  if i wasn't following politics, i'd pretty quickly cease to give a fuck if someone was talking *at* me  about politics.

so, yeah...it's not hard to try and put politics into a personal perspective for the politically apathetic.  it's fun.
amen to that
i'm with you, ilyag.  take a look at any industry and you'll see that ten (or six or whatever it is today) companies own most of the market.  ten (or six) is a long way from a monopoly/duopoly.

and in a world where anyone can record a movie or album and post it on-line relatively cheaply and still reach a sizable audience, then who cares who owns the main stream media?  might as well be telling me who the top ten buggy whip manufacturers were in 1907.

first tell me why i'm supposed to be outraged then offer a solution.
&gt; i keep a gun in "condition 3" within arms reach. 

interesting, i had never heard of the [handgun conditions of readiness](http://everything2.com/index.pl?node_id=1253664) before this. 
 seriously! i wtf'd when i saw that!

and irishjoe left the same comment on both pages.

o_o ???
they can pretend.
  does the author assume that corporate-totalitarianism is natural and inevitable?   if so, why are the corporations and the government spending so much effort to "control the international commons of the internet"?
wasn't it the supreme court, with its strong willingness to push bushes presidency through...nevermind
&gt;could you name a few of clinton's neocon advisors?

sure, glad you asked. her campaign strategist is [mark penn, who has been compared to karl rove](http://withinempire.wordpress.com/2007/04/30/hillary-clintons-campaign-manager-and-main-policy-advisor-is-a-neocon/)

[penn has deep roots in the national security wing of the democratic party, along with other centrist democrats -- some of them jewish and pro-israel, like penn -- who saw the merits of invading iraq before the war began.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/04/29/ar2007042901661_2.html?hpid=artslot)

then there's hillary's top foreign policy advisor, [richard holbrook](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_holbrook#position_on_iraq)


then there's the [dlc itself](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_leadership_council#2003_invasion_of_iraq)

there's more, but that'll get you started.
are you people retarded? colbert would *not* make a good president! he's a damn comedian and has no expertise in law or government. there's more to being president than having a stance on certain issues, and don't forget that colbert has an entire writing staff behind him.

voting for colbert may carry a certain message, but he is *not* a better candidate.
it's an oligarchy.  they want to legislate against their biggest threat, the internet, for their interests.  if they see no problem with legislating against their interests, i see no problem legislating against theirs.  if they were more hands off, it'd be a different story, but they only want free market as long as it benefits their interests, not when it threatens them a la net neutrality.
that experiment has been tried before. here's a link for your convenience:

http://reddit.com/info/b5ii/comments
what? haven't you heard? the constitution is *so* 1787. why, you can hardly read it at all, what with all those 'f's that look like 's's.    
this clearly means that the right to privacy doesn't extend to electronic surveilance, freedom to bear arms only applies to state militias, freedom of the press only applies to copyright holders, and congressional war declarations and habeas corpus can't possibly apply to suspected terrorists or brown people with oil.

it's 2007, baby! let fascism ring!
here's more on the [dlc and how it basically supports neocon ideas](http://www.commondreams.org/views05/0727-32.htm)
if you enjoy poking fun at politics, you'll love this site.
so? 
kucinich is absurdly pro gun-control (wants to outlaw handguns nationwide) and everyone on reddit is a huge fan of that bastard. why would anyone vote for someone to disarm the population? 

ron paul is the only candidate that doesn't suck.
 "unitary executive" is to "dictatorship" what "collateral damage" is to "murder."
lmao@ron paul lying about military donations. bullshit. ron paul's getting money from iran, syria and venezuelan military, not us military. 

he pays people to spam social bookmarking services with shit like this... and you idiots take it as fact... lmao.... rightttttttt

dudes a retard.... he spams for votes.. what the hell... what president would spam for votes... 

if ron paul wins any thing, i would be surprised... he can't even win support from idiots.... the idiots don't know how to vote!

the only people who would vote for ron paul, are morons, and people who hate the usa because their own lives suck and they need some one to blame for every thing. they want ron paul to come over for tea, so they can sit and complain about every thing wrong... 

lol@abolishing the cia/fbi/irs... what a retard... why not say "disband the police" while he's at it... 

only morons support morons.
i'm with you!
if you really really want your vote to matter then donate money. whichever way you do it your vote means nothing compared to the hoards of inept slobs who vote for the person whose name came up the most times. pay for a commercial and make your effort count. take voting day to buy your groceries. lines are nothing on nov. 8... except, of course, at the voting booths
how much he pay you to make that statement? 
so you support morons... congrats for you!
he's probably the greatest african-american philosopher of all times! i'm sure he'll want an award for that...
lol@that list... theres no way to track how much came from military families... its supposed to be confidential...


lol@ people putting up stats. comical. lies of ron paul part one!
this principle applies for all closed bolt, magazine fed handguns with external hammers capable of firing in single and double action. they differ for weapons depending on what type of action they have. sometimes i keep a rifle out if i'm feeling paranoid lol :)
this is the taricani bill. it's badly needed.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taricani

says ron paul... i live beside a military base. i talk to troops daily. i have only found one that supports him. so this is just yet another ron paul spam lie....
i agree with you, but ive always wondered: is there something to admitting that one of them will definitely be elected? i mean, however you feel about any of them, it is going to happen.

i don't typically vote, but i'll be voting for paul in the primaries (and the real deal in my dreams) because of the available options, his are the only policies that even come close to addressing the insanely major issue of our insanely major national debt.

on the other hand, a non-vote (voting for no one or a fictional character) is sending a clear political message that no one will hear.
tgot, you're out of control, man.
he gave me an "i owe you" for freedom and liberty.
this interview is good for one real reason. fox is forced to admit that ron paul in fact, has the most military donations of all the gop candidates. 

in reality, he is only topped by obama in overall military donations from both parties. 

i read a lot of people concerned about how your government is being increasingly taken away from the public. but how come no one really seems to try and make any changes ?
pretty soon it wont be a democracy, it barely is now. it's more an oligarchy.
no he doesn't!!! people need to really stop reading ron paul spam. he doesn't have no damn military support! i live beside a damn military base.. people think he's fucking crazy...

lmao@ people believing ron pauls spam he is supported by military people.. lmao!

yeah iran/syria/venezuelan military, not usa.
- healthcare
- giuliani has said he would appoint conservative judges, clinton would not (this is a big deal, given the balance of the supreme court at the moment - and will likely have as big an impact on abortion rights as executive policy)
- there's a lot more nuance in their iran stances than bullet points show - frankly, i'd be alarmed by any candidate that would completely rule out military action against iran - in the unlikely event that iran does develop a nuclear warhead, i think a us surgical strike would be significantly less destabilizing than an israeli one, which is the alternative
- on iraq, clinton does support the withdrawal of combat troops, and, again, i think a precipitous withdrawal of all troops would be dangerously short-sighted
- was unaware of clinton's support for the death penalty - source?
- economic policy - giuliani has endorsed supply-side theory, hillary does not
i figured he gave you some thing. any one with any real intelligence wouldn't be giving his stupid ass freebies.
does anyone know of a more updated list? i saw this graph in a movie called "orwell roles in his grave" you can find it at http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-1900032636708756385&amp;q=orwell+roles+in+his+grave&amp;total=7&amp;start=0&amp;num=10&amp;so=0&amp;type=search&amp;plindex=0
sure, but if that guy is the only one to contribute to a campaign out of everyone on the base...i don't think you understood codemonkey very well.
lol....vroooom, right over your head.
i got it. its called sarcasm, try and keep up.
well he does have the most monetary support from military members for a gop candidate. so whatever your impression is, the facts show that many people in the military agree with what he's saying.  
&gt;he pays people to spam social bookmarking services with shit like this

where do i go for my check?
turkey's parliament votes 507 to 19 to authorize military intervention in iraq.
it wouldn't be that drastic, remember, he needs support of congress to do most of what he's suggesting.
hey now, there's a big difference between retarded and lobotomized.

regardless, i'm going to speak for the reddit lobotomized crowd and say: colbert is a better candidate!!  as america falls, we can all have a good laugh.
yep, thats already been proven.. but if its not on reddit, you don't see it. so i understand. 

look at his supposed military support, its not us military..... because those donations aren't sent out for people to break down. so how any one would really know, is either lying, or reviewing who's doing the funding, which is illegal. 

so have it your way..

but he pays people to spam the hell out of these places. reddits easy.. the iq is lower here then any where else on the net. people just voted themselves as the smartest... which is funny.
if the majority supports ron paul, and his articles make the front page more frequently than any other candidate, then it isn't fascism. that's democracy holmes.
atheism that despises religion and categorizes it as 'something of the night', as opposed to being a matter of personal conviction, always had that latent possibility.  

if you look at some of the language that dawkins uses, for instance, that will become quite clear.  the use of vocabulary such as 'infection', 'malignancy', 'virus' is close to the vocabulary inevitably used by those engaged in genocide or ethnocide, and carries a dangerous semantic undertow.

not suprising that it took an ex-trot like hitchens to draw the extreme conclusion.

cf alastair mcgrath and *the dawkins delusion* for more.
you're right about that of course. 
still, average sentences for murder in the us were 266 months in 1995: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/html/cjusew96/isl.htm
(can't find more recent numbers)
you could still benefit from killing the witness even if your plea-bargain for manslaughter should fail and you get the first degree murder sentence. :-(

this is a joke. bush and company are just bad news. 
reddit is also full of crackpots who type really long posts about their crackpot theories.
not true.. i have a friend in the army.  hadn't talked to him in a few years.  he randomly sent me an email titled "give ron paul all your money!"  and of course, i opened it, and he gives full support to ron paul and says this is the first time he's ever given money to a political campaign.  i know this is just a case study, but so are you, so i find it appropriate. 
are you high?

&gt;"long shot isolationist liberty kook ron paul"

== tone in which ron paul is usually described by the media. i don't know where you get the rest of your dumb ass assumptions from my little bit of quoted sarcasm.
didn't look at his video, because i'm scared, but it looks like he's [posted a few hundred of this in a few minutes](http://reddit.com/user/djinnn/).
5%? thought it was supposed to be 1% at most. usa today didn't receive the memo from their handlers, eh?
&gt; he ... has no expertise in law or government.

that's all i needed to know!  he's got my vote!
duh.
too bad he's from tx
where in the us constitution are the specific area where the press has been granted any exclusions from the normal rules of the justice system?   
one day at a time.
most of the things paul wants to do are within the executive branch itself, which means he has almost completely unlimited power to make those changes.  dept of education? irs? dea?  all in the executive branch.  congress can allocate funds all they want, but if he fires all the employees and refuses to hire new ones, legally there isn't anything they can do about it.
not only that, but none of them seem to have any stakes on the internet.  it looks like a collection of companies that own the "old media." one of them say they have stakes in iwon and webvan!  sounds like a good investment right there....  
wow, deja vu. i'm so sure i've seen this headline before on reddit o_o
how can i argue with you when you've already decided what i am and my reasoning behind it?
"provides no information whatsoever"

he has a basis for an argument here. he argued that it is not informative. you could/should have argued that there is info, and stated the info. you didn't, you just trolled. badly. does he need to be 'clevar' as you said? he stated the facts. what else needs to be said. did you want him to 'clevarly' say digg sucks? instead of arguing, you trolled, at a third grade level. you need to go to trolling schooling.
   ah. so because you can't come up with a good way to make sure your democratically-elected representatives in government protect everyone's rights equally, you want to replace those representatives with ones that would specifically target individual groups of people and take away *their* rights? 

out of curiosity, which part of this sounds like justice and liberty to you? 
i live next to a bakery, doesn't make me a baker.

and arguably, you sort of define the situation, people who live next to a base, therefore derive their commerce and economy from the military, hates this guy, he's trying to take away their bread and butter. which is why the media, the war profiteers, the general political scene is so hostile to him.  

people in the military apparently generally feel otherwise, or perhaps they are just trained not to be politically involved, meaning the more emotional, meaning those that would rather not see their children die in iraq, are the ones donating to ron paul.
sounds like someone i know. have you talked to mr. bates yet?
they got bigger and a few of them merged. so power has consolidated even more. date is irrelevant when no change has occurred for the better.
yet another fear-monger.

how original.
i've been meaning to research this, but in a similar post someone commented with this link...

http://www.constitution.org/uslaw/defunlaw.htm
ding ding
zenger much?
failure is a normal part of free markets.  those who financed bad loans should suffer from the default of these loans.  the government should do nothing but let them fail.  
&gt; raised her *nine children* for the most part *without the help* of her abusive husband.

i'm not a woman, but something should have clued her in around child number 5 or 6.
  given that the public shares the risk and cost to develop and maintain the communication systems from which these businesses profit, should the public be allowed a greater role in deciding their *content*?  

edit: *should* u.s. taxpayers be forced to share such a burden while denied the benefits of it?
what about the shinehart wig co?
easy now rudy.  pace yourself.  don't do anything too crazy until the actual election.  i know you can hold out for us. 
psst, [news war](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/newswar/).
my take is that mitt is a waffler who will triangulate based on the public. if he won the nomination, he would lurch his positions back to the center to take a shot at appealing to the entire country.

on the other hand, rudy appears to prefer to act on principle, taking stands that he believes to be right, and i believe he would refuse to back down.

for some reason, as a country, we have come to respect the second type of candidate rather than the first. personally, after having seen what w. is capable of, i'll take a triangulator over a man taking a principled stand any day. 

*edit: i have no hard evidence for this prepared. fyi. it's just the storyline i've concocted based on everything i've read.
i disagree. if you're speaking with regards to the affect your vote will have on the results of the election, voting for paul or another unlikely candidate is just as good as throwing your vote away on a 'fake' candidate. it's *not* the same as not voting at all, which won't affect anything. at least you will affect the results of the polls, and if "steven colbert" gets 2% of the popular vote, it will cause more of a commotion than if 2% of the population stayed home and watched reruns.
what makes you think only lawyers or government officials know what's good for a country?

the president doesn't write laws, he sets policy, that can be done by anyone with foresight/vision.
they can impeach and remove him from office.
looks like "the jig is up" eh?
anyone who says voting for colbert is stupid is basically a proponent of the two party system we're trapped in.

guess what, the only way to get a third party going.. is to vote for someone else.
 christopher hitchens is kind of an idiot, imo.  he has taken atheism and turned it into a religion of sorts.  he is no better than the people he argues against.  

by advocating death to a group of people simply based on their religious preference, hitchens is not progressing society, but rather hindering its progress.  in addition, he seems to be gravitating towards everything he hates, but from the other side of things.  
if atheists want to make a difference and "show" the religious groups that its "okay" to not believe in a god, we should act in a way that promotes peace, harmony, and good morals (we all know what i'm refering to here, treat people as you would want to be treated).  we can show that these good things and actions are not the work of a god, but rather the work of humans who truly believe in the autonomy of our species and our collective ability to work together and make the world truly great.

so maybe that was a bit cheesy, but honestly, the work done by hitchens generally creates more problems for atheists than benefits.

also, i should note that i do not believe in a higher being in the religious sense, but i do find wonder and awe in the way energy connects every bit of matter in the universe.   
romney is a panderer. he says whatever thinks will get him elected. pro-choice one day, against it the next. he isn't compelled by some deeper convictions to believe that doubling guantanamo is the right thing for america, so he could just be saying that because he thinks it's what his base wants to hear. on the other hand, giuliani definitely believes this stuff.

romney is very scary, but giuliani is slightly scarier.
and oh so wrong on the constitutional issues.  there is no such thing as journalistic confidentiality in the us constitution.  but, it's pbs frontline and we always know their answer we they state the question.  they just don't do anything even approaching unbiased reporting.  
what's a good way to make sure our (presumably) democratically-elected representatives protect everyone's rights?  how do you force your representatives to, once they are in office, not be disproportionately influenced by big business?
oooo... gud one dood... you showed him!
i keep trying to figure this out, where do people get the links to the google ap feed?

i've looked all over for it.
drop me a memo when this actually happens
&gt;the words "mom" and "dad" are being banned from schools,

i fail to see how this is even remotely related. i'm not advocating secularism for the sake of limiting the offensiveness of it. if someone is offended by someone else's religion that's their personal problem.

&gt;atheism is a belief system founded around the supposed non-existence of deities,

patently false. this is a tired argument. not believing in something does not make you believe in something. it's an absence of belief. that comment aside, once again we aren't talking about atheism, were talking about secularism. i don't think you fully comprehend what that means:

&gt;*secularism*
&gt;a neutral attitude, especially of the state, local government and public services, in matters relating to religion; non-religious rather than anti-religious.

the keyword here is neutral.

&gt;as well as shit on the first amendment.

are you kidding me? no one is banning religion here. are you serious or am i falling for an epic troll?

&gt;the majority of the country practices some kind of religion, so give them equal representation in the schools they pay for, or don't make them pay at all.

that's not the way it works. should we let every religion post free billboards on all public roads because they pay for them? this is silly. what do you mean by equal representation anyway? does that mean kids have to learn about hinduism and christianity instead of history, languages and sciences? 

&gt;but don't taser some jesus freak for wearing a shirt depicting his chosen system of beliefs.

who would advocate this? wear whatever you want.
giuliani scarier than ron paul?

olololoololololololoololololololol
ah, that would be the *first* amendment.  arguably, because it is the most important.

it's not an exclusion of "the normal rules".  it is "the normal rules."  it's just that from time to time a corrupt segment of our government chooses not to see it that way.  that's why the founding father's made the bill of rights so broad.  sometimes, in the defence of liberty, a bill needs to be written to remind a corrupt and powerful fed of the importance and broad scope of these rights, so necessary to the american way of life.

you really might want to do a little reading on the history of events that led to that decision of inclusion.

follow that up with learning a little about jefferson's spectacular defense of the press against government tyranny following the grossly overreaching alien and sedition acts of 1798.  pretty much the "patriot act" of its time.

your willful ignorance of american history aside, why in the hell do you hate freedom so much?   
&gt; i hasten to add that hitchens isn't alone in his genocidal jihad: the objectivists, the latter-day followers of ayn rand, also advocate dropping nuclear bombs on iran and any number of arab countries, on the grounds of "self-defense."

i was unaware of this.

&gt; bad boy hitchens needs to be taught a lesson, and this means ostracism: no organization that wants its reputation to remain unsullied ought to be inviting him to speak anywhere, on any subject, even if he offers to do it for free

i am suddenly reminded of that vilest of harpies, ann coulter. perhaps the two of them could elope and retire to a faraway south pacific island lacking television cameras, computers, phones, or other communications equipment.
&gt;supports same sex civil unions, opposes gay marriage

that's a good thing though.
so he's reverted to his usual loathsomeness following a moment of enlightenment. par for the course. 
&gt; and? is this a problem? if so, how? 

(while it seems obvious you had a little too much coffee this morning.. )

let me point out that when the press stops being a source of information and starts becoming propaganda and "infotainment", you get what happened in the build-up to the iraq-invasion..

stories which questioned the white house motives to invade iraq and questioned the evidence of the iraqi-wmds were suppressed as that would deem the network "unpatriotic" and wasn't what the "consumers wanted to hear".

the vietnam style journalism where journalist covered the true horrors of war and the severe toll that took on civilians is over. al jazeera's baghdad office which was (afaik) the only new agency also reporting the war from the iraqi perspective was bombed by american fighters and there was no outrage in the (us) media...

the high level of vertical (and horizontal) integration in that industry only increases the already high barriers to entry for a truly unbiased (old school) news agency..

"proposed solution": we can use something like the bbc...while it's not perfect, it is, without doubt, the best (english-language) news agency in the world.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc














&gt; ... but know it's exactly like writing 
&gt; `null` on your ballot.

now i've got this strong desire to vote for `mickey mouse'; drop table votes; --` 
which would be hilarious.  he gets elected, follows through on his campaign promises, and gets impeached for it?  i mean, yes, congress could just make up lies (because he couldn't be impeached for the things he wants to do) and all vote to impeach him, but if you think that their approval rating is bad now...
stewart also made a parody of the clinton whitehouse. that's his job to tell jokes. if his best friend was in the whitehouse, then he'd still make fun of them. 
which was a rip off of jon stewart running for president which had been jokingly tossed around far earlier than that movie.
&gt; the more important question is which candidate is getting the most donations from hot chicks?

strippers for ron paul!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpfpnf4mbog 
sounds more economical to get rid of bush (and those like him) to me. what does the rest of the world think?
i was being facetious.
* healthcare

so after doing some research i've found they differ on health care (clinton - universal, giuliani - 9/11), school vouchers (clinton - against, giuliani - for), and medical marijuana (clinton - for, giuliani - against). whoopty freakin do.

* giuliani has said he would appoint conservative judges, clinton would not 

ok, that's another difference, albeit an obvious one.

* iran

they're still the exact same thing. giuliani isn't campaign that we will drop bombs on tehran his first day in office. both say they want to resolve this issue diplomatically and through sanctions. military force will be a last resort. the difference is when giuliani says it, he is called a war monger while clinton isn't, even though she gladly started a war in iraq and continues to support it. what are some of the nuances between them anyways?

* iraq

so she wants combat troops out, but supports keeping other troops in past 2009 [source](http://www.cnn.com/2007/politics/03/15/clinton.troops/index.html). what happens if things get worse? just strum her fingers? pull all troops back because it isn't safe? send combat troops back in to stabilize the situation? this woman helped start the war, has voted to continue this war, and supports our continual presence in the area.

* death penalty

[source](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9f00efd61f3ff935a35751c0a9669c8b63)

&gt;he has taken atheism and turned it into a religion of sorts.

all hail christopher hitchens, high priest of atheism!

where have i heard this before?
now guess how many of those companies are run by j00000s.
dr. de bots and all that rubbish are the invention of some of dead fred's dead heads.  like fred, they don't do much of anything....except fred makes cocktail hour a priority -- like he did at last night's rnc event in dc.  after cocktails, fred disappared, much to chagrin of the rnc bigwigs who thought he'd at least have the courtesy to mix with the small $1k donors.  fred didn't.  
&gt; you know something is seriously wrong with the u.s. criminal justice system.

puh-leeze!

manslaughter is a completely unpleasant experience. there's no need to punish people too much for doing it.

crack, on the other hand, fucking rocks! there are few things that match that joy, euphoria, and generalized feeling of well-being that crack provides. if too many people in society did it, they wouldn't care about working more than the bare minimum, the housing market would collapse, the dollar would plummet, and the chinese would outperform us in everything from lead poisoning to olympic athletes. 

so we *gotta* keep people from the pleasure of crack!
hahaha, that's got to be the funniest thing i've heard all day. you really should apply for a job as a writer at the the colbert report.
hooray! culture jam!!!
someone is trying to spread the love
 i could lose my temper and kill someone, or drive recklessly and hit someone. that's manslaughter. if i have cocaine, i either do or do not know that i have it. if i don't know that i have it, i'm not guilty. if i do know, then i probably had an active intent to gain it. that's the difference.

it's the difference between the mens rea (state of mind). there are four main types of mens rea in the law.

-  purposely
-  knowingly
-  recklessly
-  negligently

manslaughter is either recklessly or negligently as opposed to murder which would be purposely or knowingly.

possession would be purposely or knowingly. murder is a defensible crime. self defense, insanity, accident, etc. there are no defenses to possession except for ignorance or perhaps duress. you have to make some sort of real effort to possess cocaine. it's not like you just accidentally pick some up at the grocery store.

murder has lot's of shades of gray. drug possession doesn't and by definition it has a higher mens rea.
 &gt; lived her entire life *dirt-poor* and raised her *nine children* for the most part without the help of her abusive husband.

another case of idiocy begetting idiocy.  if you're dirt-poor, don't have nine kids!  it certainly won't help your financial situation, nor that of your children. 
yeah, if only he was from new england like the incumbent
how is it that we are still throwing people in jail for non-violent crimes? it seems so uncivilized.
i'm looking forward to you moving out of the country and abandoing your citizenship then?

haha probably not. wanker.
heh. oh, *really*?
thank you. was wondering if this was legit or not.
no it's about justice.
it's hardly news. hitchens has long been a raving neocon, and it's often a huge point of contention between him and those who otherwise agree with him (people like, say, myself).

edit: oh, and he's also kind of a prick. even though i may technically agree with him on certain philosophical or existential issues, i really have no use for him.
he says he pointed out to - threatened - one reporter that what the reporter was doing to him could be done to the reporter.

why is his erectile dysfunction any concern to you? why was it reported on? 
no idea why someone modded you down.

still, don't you think this is a bit strange? i mean, the man can't win... i want him to, and i know that.

but 1% is the same as saying flat zero... it's underneath the margin of error. and i just don't see that, he has to have a solid 4-8% i'd think, even now.
 way out of date. time warner dropped aol from its name, for one thing. comcast is now #2 in revenue. viacom spun off cbs, which belongs in the top 10. directv, cox enterprises, and echostar also belong on the top 10. 
and the whole xtian murder fetish.
its pretty clear that the fisa court is completely outdated. it either needs to be reformed to reflect technology as it stands today, or it needs to be defunded.
spot on.  there is no candidate that's anywhere near 100% for me, but paul is by far the closest.
watched this last nigth on pbs hd.  amazingly well done.
please watch this!!!  

frontline has been completely on the top of its game recently and ted koppel is doing an absolutely wonderful job as the anchor.  considering that they are having the new attorney general hearings now, it's even more important to watch this
the government loves you, too.
"jack nicholson: my point of view, while extremely cogent, is unpopular.

los angeles times: which is?

jack nicholson: that the repressive nature of the legalities vis-a-vis drugs are destroying the legal system and corrupting the police system.

los angeles times: let's talk about acting for a minute."


no consensual activity should be criminalised. 

http://www.mcwilliams.com/books/aint/303a.htm
sounds like it's paul who's unsettled by the [dark hose](http://sayanythingblog.com/entry/ron_paul_racist_anti_semite/)
ny times vs united states is all about 1st amendment protection, bubby.
i never said it wasn't. the point is they're the exact same on nearly every issue, not if they're right or wrong. 

and now to show my mastery of the english language:

&gt; that's a good thing though.

what's a good thing? opposing gay marriage is good?supporting civil unions is good?
100% democracy.  every issue is voted on online.
silicon valley loves ron paul. yeah, but a lot of those guys like jock itch. you can't go by them.
thank you. old proverb: when a jew resorts to name calling, you know your right. 
"but how come no one really seems to try and make any changes ?"

because a large segment of the voting population is either too stupid or too entrenched in their respective parties rhetoric to care about the real issues other than making sure the other party doesn't get elected. people too dumb to realize what their freedoms are and what effect on those freedoms their candidate may have and only look to the personal benefit they will reap should their candidate win (reduced taxes, increased social spending etc.). 

i've given up on the us as a "free" nation, and am currently making plans to move out of this country permanently...

&gt;it is troubling to me that this country is chasing away wealth, while entitlements recklessly grow. the power to tax is the power to destroy, and we are making strides towards destroying prosperity but expanding the welfare state. this is a dangerous and untenable trend. 

keep pushing it, paul, they'll eventually get it or be forced to get it. 


two questions.

1.  where is the evidence to support your claim that the war on drugs is an elaborate scheme to oppress the poor and scare the middle class?

2.  is crack a "recreational" drug?
mccain and huckabee are short of cash. mccain is also spending like mad, so this could be enough to force him to advertise less latter on when it matters more.   i'm not sure what huckabee's situation is, but i believe he is being somewhat careful with his limited money.

afaik guilliani and thompson are not short of cash (yet), so this will help them more than hurt (because they can show more page visits)   
no. it's called freedom of speech.

using similar logic, do you also propose the moderation of all content on the internet? it's a communication system. businesses profit from it. the public shares the risk and cost to develop and maintain this system. should the government set up a department that polices the internet?
the presidential elections are going to be the next california gubernatorial elections. 
just cuz he's an atheist doesn't mean his views are my views.  who gives a fuck about christopher hitchen anyways?  so he's angry cuz he had to live through a bullshit religious childhood... who hasn't?  atheism isn't some uniting philosophy of life we can live by, its an absence of religion and that's all.
 ok.. this is my big "i told you so"-moment!!!

each time i commented on an hitchen's article...i had to include this following disclaimer for the retarded "fanboys".

&gt; (disclaimer: i am a very very ardent atheist and have never been a muslim.. i just feel there is something more sinister in hitchens' rants..it's like a person wearing the kkk hood talking about crime in "black communities"..)


[and each time i was called a "muslims/terrorist/murderer apologist"(link)..](http://reddit.com/info/2cueg/comments/c2cvqg)

well, as i said before:-

&gt; [hitchens is a fucking neo-conservative. unlike prof. dawkins or prof. dennett or sam harris, hitchens is one of those "ann coulter"-clones trying to exploit the recent (well deserved) successes of the above mentioned authors by saying apparently the same points with no nuanced knowledge and added obnoxiousness..(link)](http://reddit.com/info/2au83/comments/c2ausz)

- [comment 1:(link)](http://reddit.com/info/2au83/comments/c2ausz)

- [comment 2: (link)](http://reddit.com/info/2cueg/comments/c2cvft)






 
i do not have that answer for you. however, the answer damrey suggests (and you seem to as well) are totally unacceptable.
quit spamming every ron paul story with this garbage.
no, it's because kucinich and paul are both advocating radical change. there are many things that they agree on. including most importantly the war. aside from that, they both want campaign finance reform, they both want us to withdrawal from nafta, cafta, and the wto. they both want the patriot act revoked. they both want an end to the war on drugs. they both oppose the death penalty. they both wish to fix the failing social security system (and no dr. paul does not advocate it's appeal: http://www.ronpaul2008.com/issues/social-security/). 

wow, that's amazing you say. these candidates are not so different after all. i believe their extremes would compliment and balance each other out. they would make perfect running mates.
yes, because recreational drugs and freedom are linked hand in hand.

you can be a slave to drugs or a slave to money, i guess you would rather be a slave to drugs.
forget protest votes. we're talking about a voters revolution. you can make a difference, and it's not by voting for the lesser of two evils that you will do so. stand up and be counted.
talk about spam. if you're against ron paul, make an argument about it and submit it as a new topic. don't post the same comment over and over in every ron paul submission.
 i submit ron paul stories because i'm a big fan of personal liberty and he's the best candidate for backing our personal liberty - i often vote them up for the same reason.  i'm not paid, but i have donated to his campaign.
i should have the freedom to be a slave to anything i want.  don't tell me what to attach myself to.
i doubt stephen will be running for the republican nomination regardless of how his character's views lean.
i'm not sure what damrey was suggesting, unless it was to prevent competing companies from forming mutually benefical partnerships by introducing new laws.

i wouldn't support that.
ummmm, colbert is not running in the republican primaries.
i hope you're wrong.
i use words like september, 11, terrorism...i use these words as the backbone to a life spent defending 9/11. you use them as a punchline. i have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the 9/11 i provide, then questions the manner in which i provide it! i'd rather you just said thank you and went on your way. 
just be careful.  i like ron paul, i'll vote for him if i can, otherwise i'm likely to vote for a third party.  however more than once i've been forced to hold my nose and vote for the incumbent because the challengers (in some cases 5 different ones, not just the major party) were all much worse.

edit: cleaned things up a little.
yeah, i feel that moddestmouse doesn't have a good handle on reality here.
that is possibly the stupidest argument for legalized drugs i have ever seen.

"i want the freedom to be a slave!!!  its my right as an idiot!"

you know, there is a reason we have to put warning labels on just about everything, people like you would wipe yourselves out before hitting the age of viable procreation.
 rupert murdoch has a right to express his political views using the resources of his company. it's called freedom of speech.
people support him... its not spam.  get over it. 

by the way, who are you supporting for president?
why should people just leave when the country becomes precisely what the constitution was trying to prevent?

why do people like you just roll over and take it and then have the audacity to tell the dissenters to move out of the country if they don't like it?

are you part of the wealthy elite? if not, then you should be pissed off. if you aren't, you need to wake up. stop enabling these pricks.

"they don't give a fuck about you. they don't give a fuck about you. they don't give a fuck about you." -- george carlin
are the quotes in the title the written equivalent of saying "quote unquote"?
yes, paul has a chance of winning. he keeps winning straw polls. the only reason he's not high on the national radar is because he's focused his campaign on the first few primary states. watch and learn. 
well, you'd have to talk to the individuals who wait for 6 months for an mri, or in britain can't find a government dentist, to figure out the wait times.

i certainly want to get rid of our semi-free market system and push it more towards free market.  the government confiscating our money to pay for others' care that they don't necessarily want is a waste in my opinion.

what is wrong with taking away the government restrictions on care?  why does average joe american need sex-change surgery in his plan if he isn't going to ever need it?  hell, why does he *need* care at all if he doesn't want to pay for it and he's young and spry?  isn't that his decision?  why does the government have a right (point that out in the constitution firstly) to tell us we *must* have health insurance and then confiscate our money to pay for it when we don't even want it?

i understand and appreciate the compassion of the need for a minimum level of care.  i want everyone that needs health insurance to have it as well.  i firmly believe that people need to make their own choices, though, and that competition breeds innovation and lower costs with higher quality.  we have a system that is somewhere in the middle now and we need to commit one way or the other.

i understand a "free market" system as is has never been tried and i understand those fears.  but i see an aging european population overburdened with welfare, social security, and health benefits as their birth rates fall.  they cannot sustain their obligations in the long term.

as alexis d'toqueville warned, once a democracy learns it can vote itself money, it will self destruct.  europe is doing just that, and we are on the verge.

i agree that there needs to be some sort of safety net, but a large bureaucracy telling citizens with force of law to pay for others' insurance while stiffling innovation and wasting is not my idea of a good system.

thanks.
you pessimist. 
&gt; do you want to outlaw successful business ventures through legislation?

given that democracy is a form of government where *the people* are *in charge*, what sort of system puts business needs above the needs of the people?
october 26, 2004??

if a democrat gets elected in 2008 i expect he will say "what the us needs is a rubber-stamp congress and a compliant court system to increase the power of the presidency."
that's because anyone's better than ron paul.
then we're in agreement. there *is* a problem, but fixing it by outlawing the freedom of speech of the likes of rupert murdoch, or forbidding rich people from buying shares in the companies of other rich people, are unacceptable solutions.
&gt; it's called freedom of speech. 

does freedom of speech really matter if most people are condemned to solitary confinement, unable to participate in mass communication? 
for the love of god, no it does not take away votes from dr. paul. this is obviously a stunt to increase viewership of the colbert report.
&gt;conforms completely to the most paranoiac caricatures of atheists in the minds of fundamentalists.

so wait, most fundamentalists think that atheists are republicans who support the "war on islam"?  
the stories of long wait times are overblown. check out who reports. average wait times, though higher, are nowhere near unnaceptable. like i said, there is a trade-off, but the free market has no history of working in this specific instance (i'm not against it in general, just doesn't work for healthcare).

i'm going to stick with facts. until you come up with some, you've only got nice sounding theories.
i think this is silly untill it starts hitting the mainstream news outlets.

still, even if nothing amounts of this i am squandering my california vote by penceling in stephen colbert's name.
i was actually being very very sarcastic, no one got it because reddit lacks "humor" coding.
was a senile old man and bush sr.'s hand puppet.
it's pretty sad that it took average white citizens getting assaulted and their heads bashed in before this became a national outrage.  this has been happening for years to blacks and hispanics but since they were just dumb ignorant thieving shiftless minorities who were most likely committing, had commited or about to commit a crime, (i mean hell the police don't just abuse people for no reason, right?) nobody (middle to upper middle class whites) gave a fuck.  well folks this is what happens.  you let these facists slowly erode other's freedom and then it's your turn.  your false slumbering dream of a blissful, wonderful, consumer paradise will soon be shattered to useless shards.
&gt;wow, that's amazing you say. these candidates are not so different after all.

i say the complete opposite. the specific things you mentioned are sub-groups of very specific opinions: the us should be more isolationist, and personal liberty should be protected. this is the overlap of liberals and libertarians.

on all other issues, of which there are *many*, they are opposites.
"9...........11"
   when six corporation own and control all television media in one country, at what point does the media start behaving like [pravda](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pravda)?  does the mainstream media currently operate as an organ of the [two factions of the business party](http://politics1.com/parties.htm)?  
&gt; echostar 

the chart showed that being at least partially owned by vivendi.
pardon my being out of the loop with the latest political jargon or double-speak, but...

just what is a *civil union* anyway?  is that like some kind of contract cohabitation, or psuedo-marriage without the tax break? is there a form of govt. documentation involved?   
in the real world. the worthless (parasite) starves. the worthwhile (independant) prospers. goddamned xtian pretards.
senator stevens?  is that you?
must be how he is able to sleep at night. i wonder what an accounting of his life would reveal.
&gt;the remarks were well received by the partisan audience, but they're a small reminder of why the public should be genuinely concerned about the prospect of a giuliani presidency.

and here is the remark in question:

&gt;if i am president of the united states, i guarantee you, we will never find out what they will do if they get nuclear weapons, because they are not going to get a nuclear weapon.

"genuinely concerned"?  what is so concerning about that exact statement?  

is steve benen that dumb that he can't see that this statement does not necessarily mean military action?  

of course he isn't that dumb.  but he wants to believe this is what guiliani is saying so he can continue to berate him.

furthermore, what exact position does steve benen want on dealing with iran getting nuclear weapons?  is the correct answer something like:

"if i am president of the united states, i guarantee you, we will never find out what they will do if they get nuclear weapons, because i'm not going to pay any attention to iran while i'm in office."

benen is starting to scare me.
i don't have time. and i don't downvote. or upvote. usually. even if i read the article. i think that's for pinheads, judging by the way i see it used.
aye, our problem is that business doesn't stay out of government.  putting more government in business isn't the way to solve that, but i dunno what the way is.

if public companies functioned more like tiny democracies, we may see less pressure from the corporate side on our law-making processes.

for instance:  say, when a company went public, each employee was awarded a tiny (very tiny, most likely) bit of stock.  then all managers &amp; ceo positions as well as all major business decisions were put to a direct democratic vote.  each employee and member of the company could cast a single vote. we may see less corruption... less screwing over of the little guy.  then again, maybe not.


note that a company could avoid going the democratic route by simply remaining a private company.  
  &gt;i should have the freedom to be a slave 

anyone getting orwellian hives at this?

#no one has the right to be unfree#
is there an updated list of all rupert murdoch (newscorp, fox, etc.) holdings?

i was amused to see that newscorp owns a majority of the national geographic channel, when if murdoch's policies had their way, there wouldn't be much environment left in which to "explore your world".

edit to add:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/news_corporation#holdings

mildly depressing that all sorts of things from myspace ad revenues to sales of books such as "where the wild things are" end up helping the umbrella corporation that brings us fox news.

maybe there's hope for the next generation, though:

http://www.economist.com/business/displaystory.cfm?story_id=7037026

&gt; last month bskyb, a british satellite-television company chaired by mr murdoch and run by his son, james, declared itself carbon-neutral, having taken various steps to cut or offset its discharges of carbon into the atmosphere.
so, if you neither read, nor participate and don't like what you do read, *why are you here*?
 do *we-the-people* really have freedom of speech at all if a tiny minority have more freedom-of-speech than others? 

does our "freedom of speech" really matter if the majority of us are condemned to solitary confinement, unable to participate in mass communication?  
why? hitchens is a piece of shit. so he's an atheist? so what. so was stalin.
&gt;kucinich is absurdly pro gun-control (wants to outlaw handguns nationwide) and everyone on reddit is a huge fan of that bastard. why would anyone vote for someone to disarm the population?

without getting into a big debate, not everyone owns a handgun and many could give a rip about whether anyone else does, either.  for them, gun control is a non-issue.

&gt;ron paul is the only candidate that doesn't suck.

no, he sucks, alright.  just like all the others.
if not for freedom of speech, you would not be able to speak out about this issue. so yes, freedom of speech really does matter. always.
  so, you're saying the situation now is actually *much worse*?  
er, what *is* the toxic dosage of "pc"?
 oh no i can't swindle troops out of their hard earned federal dollars anymore?  boo hoo! more anti-ron paul spam now.!  who cares if the world goes to shit as long as i make an easy buck
so it's now actually *much worse*? 
you've got it backwards, hitchens is a stupid man showing episodes of brilliance.  hitchens has always been a cheerleader for the war.
if "democracy" is a type of organization where the people are in charge, then so too is a "business".

just because someone manages to accumulate the wealth to start their own business does not mean that their freedoms should be curtailed. everyone's freedoms should be protected equally. your freedom of speech, for example, should be protected just as vigilantly as rupert murdoch's.
  oh no i can't swindle troops out of their hard earned federal dollars anymore?  boo hoo! more anti-ron paul spam now.!  who cares if the world goes to shit as long as i make an easy buck 
finally made its way to the front page.  colbert/col-bert 08!
he'd have to be "perfected" before ann coulter puts out for him.
especially not while he's taking a dump, it's bad enough that the terrorists catch us with our pants down. :p
if it starts to becomes more expensive to operate a web server, could we conceivably see concentration of ownership of web services on the internet as well? 
personal responsibility does not equal freedom.
haven't you ever wondered why all the good nations in europe (the ones that tax their rich, that have universal healthcare, that don't start wars) do not have the strong systems of checks and balances that our american constitution does? 

look, in all those good nations, the parliament is in charge, and specifically the lower house is in charge for the most part. the lower house is far more accountable to the voters than presidents, senators and certainly more so than supreme court justices.

the system of checks and balances was put into our constitution by the rich founding fathers in order to prevent the people from controlling the gov't.

in all those good nations, the citizens do control their own gov't. we do not.

now compare them and us. they do not make war. they tax their rich. they have universal healthcare.

in this deterministic universe, things happen for a reason. 

why do the cattle walk willingly into the slaughterhouse? because man has domesticated them. why do americans worship their constitution? because the wealthy know that the american constitution is how they keep their wealth, so the wealthy have domesticated the american culture so that most americans are ideological cattle.




i already answered you the first time you wrote this comment:

http://politics.reddit.com/info/5yi5h/comments/c029p9i
  &gt; should the government set up a department that polices the internet?

do you assume that the government actually represents the needs of the people?  does this issue really boil down to government vs. business control?  is there no third option?
&gt; the speaker has made definitive statements proving her intention to stand up to bush and cheney, and to shut down their dangerous and illegal policies.

oh please. how often have we heard this song and dance before.

pelosi will cave like a souffle at a tap-dancing convention if this administration decides to go to war. you know it, i know it, , and, most importantly, dick cheney knows it.

the kos bloggers are gasping at straws. they refuse to acknowledge the democratic party does not represent their interests, but are too cowardly to simply admit it and start rooting for 3rd party candidates. (or if they do, the accounts quickly get banned.)


he opportunity to show she has any backbone passed long ago.
the only drastic change would be having an honest, intelligent president. most of his ideas require congressional approval and also he recognizes the need for transitional periods.
“well, to tell you the truth, we've had a lot of problems with a lot of the young liberals going to college causing problems.”

when i went to school at uva (which the article fails to mention is located in charlottesville) i always found the existence of a liberal &amp; progressive college campus in a laidback, quiet southern town to be a great juxtaposition, the best of both worlds. but what i found so charming is apparently a potential battleground for the two vastly different directions the people in this country seem to be headed in. scary.



why would you consider ron paul a nihilist?  i don't think you even know what a nihilist is.  but an idiotic attack on ron paul gets supported.  fantastic.
it's to bad nobody cares about the destruction of the west :-/
well as i've said, i understand your worry.  but you have failed to address two of the biggest issues i've raise:

1) europe is crumbling under the weight of its welfare obligations.  why would we do the same?

2) what gives the government the right to confiscate our money to force individuals to have health care they don't want or need?
persons breaking the law while in a position of authority should be given 3 times the normal penalty and never be allowed to hold a position of authority again.
we need two of these stories, why?
&gt;no consensual activity should be criminalised.

nobody who thinks like this should be able to speak in public.

smoking a crack pipe is not consensual.  you need two parties to make something consensual.  let me give you an example.

i sell 7 hand grenades, 3 m16's, and 4 rpgs to a 15 year old before school.  what?  you can't charge me with anything!  it was *consensual*.
i think that the world would be a better place if every citizen took up the policy of shooting cops on sight anytime they were not requested by said people to be there.
no more discussions with you until you bring facts. prove to me that "europe is crumbling." cause from what i've seen, that's nonsense.
of what significance is the owners' combined religion and ethnicity?  
he didn't write this and apologized for it anyway.  think of an editor of a magazine; what if an article runs with the writer expressing certain views?  what does that say about the editor?  little to nothing
from the article: "95 percent admitted maximizing use of the system by legal means, for instance by exploiting loopholes."  this does not constitute "abuse."  if something is well known and legal, it's a feature of the system.  
why are you making a distinction between a person who sells services, and a person who buys services? regardless of the role these people play in society, their rights must be protected equally.
 ronald reagan was an idiot, illiterate b-actor.  

he's the current icon of the conservative movement.

would you like to re-state your position? 
except that as a whole things are wrose.  sure you cure some woes, but you cause many others.
are you suggesting the rupert murdoch is jewish?  of what significance is the ethnicity of these media corporation owners?

"no consensual activity should be criminalised."

that is one of the stupidest statements i have ever read.
sorry, but i'm not available to reply right now. i'm busy receiving an internet.
i am a woman. :)
how about a revised permaculture quote. . . 

&gt; no consensual activity *between adults* should be criminalized

with some exceptions for mentally handicapped and/or convicted felons.
yes it will.  if you're poor you have nothing to lose by having children.  the few that survive may be able to support you in your old age.
i disagree slightly.  balance among the three branches is necessary, but what the us really needs is a weak presidency to balance the weak congress and weak judiciary.  the less power is available to those at the top, the better.
so if the 15 year old boy was a 23 year old adult in my example, would that be acceptable to you?
on the other hand fox takes ever chance they have to triviliaze him!  2-5%...the texas governor didn't even endorse you, "how does that make you feel?"...your "trademark" is just to surprise people, etc etc
&gt;[$2.38 for regular gas](http://gasprices.mapquest.com/station.jsp?stationid=486503&amp;latitude=40.5545&amp;longitude=-74.2866)

that is all i have to say about the rediculous oil futures market.
yes, that's orwellian doublespeak and is probably even more dangerous than the war on drugs. slavery implies the ability of the owner to use coercion to force the slave to continue to do it's bidding and prevent him from leaving. freedom implies the ability to exerce your free will not just once in your life but your whole life. therefore you cannot agree to be a slave. you can decide to play one, but you can then also decide to stop so that doesn't really make you a slave.

however while an analogy with addiction can be made, it's nothing more than that and doesn't hold in reality. an addict can decide to stop and while it is true there are biological and psychological incentives not to and withdrawal symptoms, those are biological realities and law cannot regulate reality, only human behavior.
that only works if you are unaffected by the suffering of your children and don't mind nursing and babysitting for very young children for decades when you could spend that time making money.
 &gt; absurdly pro gun-control (wants to outlaw handguns nationwide)    
    
you're exaggerating.    
    
i quote from http://www.ontheissues.org/2008/dennis_kucinich_gun_control.htm        
    
"kucinich supports the following principles regarding guns:    
    
reauthorize the ban on the sale or transfer of semi-automatic guns, except those used for hunting.    
    
maintain and strengthen the current level of enforcement of existing federal restrictions on the purchase and possession of guns.    
    
require background checks on gun sales between private citizens at gun shows.    
    
require a license for gun possession." 
this is a direct result of republican contempt for international law. the bush administration hired mercenaries to enforce an illegal occupation, and now they can't use the law to reign them in.

this reminds me of one of my favorite movie lines: 

sir thomas moore: yes. what would you do? cut a great road through the law to get after the devil?

roper: i’d cut down every law in england to do that!

sir thomas moore: … oh? … and when the last law was down, and the devil turned round on you—where would you hide, roper, the laws all being flat? ... this country’s planted thick with laws from coast to coast—man’s laws, not god’s—and if you cut them down … d’you really think you could stand upright in the winds that would blow then? … yes, i’d give the devil benefit of law, for my own safety’s sake.

*-[a man for all seasons](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060665/)*  
....new here? stick around that was nothing.
in case you missed it in the washington post
here's your second chance to view the info.
now feel free to debase yourself with trashy
abuse of the english language in comments that only prove you have an agenda. *work? work!* http://img137.imageshack.us-img137-6628-endgameonredditlc0.jpg

such wonderful stationery.
  it's becoming increasingly clear that every single effect of "illicit" drugs is now available via prescription. 

so if you really need some cocaine to get you through this quarter at ubs, talk to your doc about ritalin, which is a dopamine manager and works just like blow. 

and we give it to kids. 
*adds a lewis black signature harsh poke*
yup, that *lie*berman vp pick really showed where gore really was in terms of foreign policy. 
well, in so far as rpgs and hand grenades are ruled "part of a well-regulated militia" (which i don't believe they are), then yeah.
&gt; the war on drugs is just an excuse to oppress the poor and scare the middle class

while i think the war on drugs is entirely counterproductive, the idea that it is a consciously pursued policy by some supposed evil, shadowy elite is so preposterous that i'm amazed the op's comment has been upmodded so many times. it really is idiocy on a par with 911-it-woz-the-joos-wot-done-it theories.

the iraq war has been going on for four years now. in that time, we've seen numerous leaks -- both "good" and "bad" from the administration's point of view (good: plame, bad: abu ghraib). leaks are inevitable, and can't really be controlled for a large program. and you're now positing the existence of a program, the war on drugs -- hardly a trifle weighing in at 100s of billions of dollars yearly -- whose true intended aim has been kept under wraps so efficiently over the years that *not one single piece of evidence* has ever emerged to show its nefarious intentions? this is utter credulity!
please stop infringing on my freedom, troll.
it is a huge deal that giuliani has pledged to support any and all conservative judges the republican base wants.  he has sold his belief system down the river just to get the nomination.
fake, astroturf?

corporations with decades worth of marketing expertise at their disposal, budgets in the tens of millions of dollars, and an existing support structure have failed to ever do a decent job of astroturfing... they're always exposed within days.

that someone as unsophisticated as paul or his piddly little staff, someone as cheap as him ($5mil in the bank, mostly unspent), or someone as transparent as he could actually mount a succesful "astroturfing" campaign?

i don't think i've heard a more absurd claim this entire election season.
how dare you compare libertarians to nazis. you just topped my list for most reviling &amp; misleading comment all year. 

p.s. notice that your point score is negative. you lose. 
  it's cute how young people and stupid people think in terms of black and white. then they realize it's hard to encapsulate the entirety of a society's laws in one sentence. it's but a slippery slope from there. 

now you have to define recreational drugs. is that even covered in the constitution? then other minorities jump in with their wants and needs. soon every part of the spectrum that makes up diversity wants equal treatment.

complete freedom makes it an anarchy state. as fun as that is, limitations are placed for the sanctity of society. 

ps. i'm willing to support harsh crimes on drugs because i don't want my shit stolen by crack fiends. 
it's amazing how getting $5 million in a matter of days will get fox's attention.
i think you are confusing triangulation with neo-con ideals.
 is this in us dollars? 

if it is, then what's the problem? 

$90 us is like 60 euros.  
your right it is not meant to oppress the poor but to oppress the poor and non-white.  want evidence go to your local prison and count the non-white faces then turn around and count the non-white faces in your state then ask how many people are in prison purely for drug offenses and presto either it is on purpose or on accident either way it has turned into a race war.  also crack is a recreational drug to the poor like cocaine is to the middle and upper classes no more dangerous, no more addictive just cheaper.  so if that is the only difference why the different sentencing guidelines unless it is racial or socio-economic?  did they ask a ouija board or something?  i do suppose we could say it was based out of fear and like cowards before fear they reacted irrationally but now i am getting to close to the war on terror so i will stop.
&gt;that's a good thing though.

no.  telling someone they can have the same rights but different at the same time doesn't put them on equal footing.

marriage isn't a religious term - while churches claim to have a monopoly on it, that simply isn't the case.  the state can hold a non-religious ceremony for you.  churches should, imo be allowed to discriminate against gay marriage within their church.  just don't enforce your church's beliefs into the society i live in.
the bill passed 398-21. 

veto easily overridden.
"hitchens would love to see a complete genocide of these people"

replace "hitchens" with "bin laden" and then replace reference of "these people" with "the west".

see how similar the two are?
and why wouldn't it?

we are still talking about someone merely possessing these weapons, not about someone shooting people (which would not be very consensual)?
of course they are, your freedoms are curtailed precisely by those things you are not free to do.
the daily show last night has the 9 doing the nasty with the 11 as part of stewart imagining giuliani's fantasy.  good times.
why?
no one likes a show-off
&gt;so? kucinich is absurdly pro gun-control (wants to outlaw handguns nationwide) and everyone on reddit is a huge fan of that bastard. why would anyone vote for someone to disarm the population?

how well has the right to bear arms been working for ya?  highest per-capita in gun related deaths in the western world, and highest total gun related deaths.  

something needs to be done, and banning handguns in public is imo a good start.
except slavery is illegal, even if you want to be a slave.
there's a strong case to be made that the cia has engaged in many covert operations never approved by congress or the president, and are a rogue agency out of control.
you totally misread my post, but that is typical around here. 
his millions raised in his fund raising must be fake too.  i don't know but the 2 donations i made to him really came out of my bank account.  

you still haven't said who you are supporting.
context: number of dead rival rwanda, cambodia

http://www.alternet.org/waroniraq/62728/
&gt; now you have to define recreational drugs.

i think you miss my point.  i don't think it makes a difference if you do recreational drugs, hard core drugs, drink booze, smoke cigarettes, whatever. . .as long as you're not hurting anyone other than yourself the state shouldn't criminalize it.

&gt; is that even covered in the constitution? 

did you forget the point of the constitution is that the powers are enumerated for the state, and everything else is left to the people?

&gt; i'm willing to support harsh crimes on drugs because i don't want my shit stolen by crack fiends.

until a crack fiend steals your shit, there should be no right for the state to take away that fiend's freedom.  now, if you wanted to -- for example -- double penalties for stealing whenever someone is reckless enough to go on a crack binge, that's a different subject (one i'll more readily support).

but your line of thought extrapolates to arresting anyone who gets drunk because they *might* get behind the wheel and kill someone.

&gt;i may not choose to engage in fringe free speech, like kkk rallies, but the government choosing to ban speech that it deems inappropriate would very much be an issue to me.

how do you feel about slander?  i can call you a thief to your customer's face and you can sue me for damages.  why should you be allowed to sue?  i'm exercising my free speech rights?

seriously, freedom has to have some limits - and when you inflict harm on another, imo that is where i draw the line.

so if a kkk group calls for violence against blacks, that should be illegal - it should be considered "uttering threats" and should be dealt the same punishment as the violence that it calls for.
many of the drugs are so expensive because they're illegal.  also, those crackheads will eventually leave jail and will be unemployable.     then they'll have to steal to survive...
just don't kill any hobos while on the patch.  that'll really mess you up.
what if the guy you shot was asking for it?
&gt; the jewish scriptures don't mention allah in the least

why would they use arabic words? they also don't mention "god", by the way. the king john bible doesn't mention "dieu" or "gott" either - are the french and germans not worshipping the same god simply on that basis?
  &gt;giuliani has said he would appoint conservative judges, clinton would not

this is not as much of a foregone conclusion as one might think. while not (yet), on the s/c, keep in mind that it was (bill) clinton appointee [judge howard matz](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/howard_matz) that not only denied habeous corpus to gitmo detainees, but also [presided over, some would say threw, the rosen trial involving charges of serious felonies committed in the name of financing hillary's campaign finances](http://www.hillaryproject.com/index.php?/en/story-details/2721/).  
they tax more than their rich buddy. how much does that health system cost you? no thanks!
  &gt; smoking a crack pipe is not consensual

but that's not what he meant. he meant that the purchase of crack by an addict from a dealer is consensual. are you saying that the addict is *forced* to buy crack by his dealer?

&gt; i sell 7 hand grenades, 3 m16's, and 4 rpgs to a 15 year old before school. what? you can't charge me with anything! it was consensual.

rubbish. for starters, we're talking about a minor. freedom is necessarily curtailed for them, just as it is for people that break the law. there is nothing controversial about this fact. 

second, you seem to imply that the 15 year old would go on to use the weapons, purchased "consensually", in his school. in that case, the exchange to look at is *not* the one involving the purchase of a weapon, but the *entirely non-consensual* (and rather one-sided, i might add) exchange which is about to occur when cholike gets into his morning english class.
  
submitted is a spammer!
the blacks in my platoon gave money to obama. i gave money to ron paul, most others did too. 

i actually kind of find it humorous. i think it's more of the ideals that paul espouses that gets people rather than just the come home spiel. military folks, particularly marines, favor mild libertarian values. but paul is in the extreme view of that. 

i also find it hilarious that people are submitting large amount of cash. dfas fucks me over month to month. 
submitted is a spammer!
well wouldn't the world be a better place if all of africa, the middle east, and most of asia just disappeared?

wouldn't the world be a better place if we woke up tomorrow and the population was 2 or 3 billion instead of 6.8+? 

7 billion people can't all have cars, eat steaks, and live in five bedroom homes. if we could reduce the population down to a more manageable size the quality of life for everyone would go up.

christopher hitchens is right. i hate bush and the neocons because they are so incompetent but, i understand and agree with what they wanted to do. 

if the neocons were a little less stupid we could have guaranteed american supremacy in world affairs for the next 100 years and secured enough oil to not worry about energy problems.

boy, this rant was very disconnected. 
submitted is a spammer!
submitted is a spammer!
submitted is a spammer!
submitted is a spammer!
crack is "recreational"?



are you on crack?
submitted is a spammer!
submitted is a spammer!
in a capitalist nation you are forced to be a slave to money or starve my question is why is it we want to deregulate everything but people?  why is it a corporation can do something because they want to that does harm others and we cant do things that harm no one but ourselves.  it seems arbitrary and bigoted in a nation that is supposed to be about liberty to only liberate your ability to spend which only benefits those with plenty to spend.  i also have difficulty being told what is good and bad for me from the same idiots that have run our country into the ground over the last forty years.  call me kooky but i question their moral authority to tell me what to do considering my personal morality doesn't involve picking up men in public bathrooms/leaving women to drown in cars/carpet bombing millions of people.  the left and the right has proven to be unable to tell right from wrong why exactly do you feel they should tell you?  oh yea this is something you dont want so you have no issue taking it away from others.  they are not our parents and have no right to tell us how to live our lives.  i have no interest in crack nor cocaine but i will fight to the death for you to have that right because i believe in liberty and to allow others liberty to be taken away is to threaten my own liberties.  maybe if the social warriors on the left and the social warriors on the right would shut up and stop trying to regulate how we live our lives we would be able to think for ourselves, ya think.
submitted is a spammer!
submitted is a spammer!
i'm referring to allah as the islamic god, not the word itself. the word allah is actually distantly related to one of the judaic words for god, elohim.
submitted is a spammer!
moron.
submitted is a spammer!
 someone's been watching a tad too many old timey drug propaganda films.

:takes reefer madness away from you:
actually, it says he's one incredibly shitty editor.

"um, when you say, 'blacks never did anything good for this country,' it should be, 'blacks never did anything *well* for this country.'" 
i guess he could be called a fundamentalist atheist in that he is intolerant of all [other] religions.
and why should we care if they dont get to breed its called darwanisim.  i will try to talk sense into people and attempt to point out the cliff they are running towards but it is their choice whether or not to run off of it.  it is called freedom.
i would support this 'declaration' only on the condition that the same congress adopt a declaration that the invasion of north america and subsequent dislocation and ethnic purging done by european colonialists in the 17th and 18th centry be similarly recognized as genocide.
is that a dictionary coming out of your ass or just a lump of coal you're trying to turn into a diamond?
it is arguable when congress abdicated its governing role to concentrate its energies on re-electing incumbents, but it did not happen in the last eight years.  some might say it occurred in the 50s and 60s, when congress chose to distance itself from korea and then from vietnam.  personally, i date it to the 30s, when congress spent its time rubberstamping fdr's alphabet soup.
 what, are you trying to say that individual humans act rationally out of self-interest and therefore most criminal acts can be traced back to bad policy-making?  unthinkable.  this is america: we put thinkers like you in gitmo.
what a bunch of crap. nobody is voting against the "children". what they are voting against is that illegals are covered, adults are covered, the salary cap is too high. the democrats are being idiots on this.
clinton was actually very religious.  he didn't wear it on his sleeve, though.
&gt;your right it is not meant to oppress the poor but to oppress the poor and non-white. want evidence go to your local prison and count the non-white faces then turn around and count the non-white faces in your state then ask how many people are in prison purely for drug offenses and presto either it is on purpose or on accident either way it has turned into a race war.

race war?  pulling the race card out of your pocket isn't going to win you this one.  the fact that more black people are in jail than white people for drug related crimes has nothing to do with government stereotyping or an elaborate scheme to get blacks behind bars.  it has everything to do with black society and the prevalence of drugs in the black community.  if you don't believe me, ask bill cosby.

&gt;also crack is a recreational drug to the poor like cocaine is to the middle and upper classes no more dangerous, no more addictive just cheaper.

that's partly true.  the issue is that people who can afford to do cocaine in the middle and upper class rarely get caught doing so because that is the only crime they commit.  when you mix addictive drugs(crack) with poverty you begin to see - as we have seen - an outburst of violence due to increased demands for the drug and lack of money to obtain the drug.  hence, the poor get busted more often.  and they get busted for numerous crimes often violence related.  all stemming from drug use.
i do.
you are supporting reddit and digg to be president?  that makes no sense.  do you even know how to read?
well it certainly isn't for business, now it it. 
in many states (such as california) the prison guards union is very politically powerful.  large numbers of prisoners means job security for them, so they lobby for harsher sentences.
strange how often these comments show no thought of personal ethics or morals. must be christians.
that is like saying no one has the right to kill themselves.  if they make the choice, they know the price but drugs and drug addiction are symptoms of problems not the problems themselves but since we refuse to deal with the problems we prefer to regulate and incarcerate those who develop symptoms.  
&gt; you don't believe that paid ron paul's stuff spamming internet. look at "readdit" and "digg".

huh? i'm not a part of his "paid stuff" (staff?), and i've submitted a few articles concerning him. guess what, some of us like the guy.

&gt;and don't forget, that according to multiple scientific gallup polls

scientific? the same scientific procedure that discounts anyone that doesn't have a landline and is heavily biased towards the 55+ crowd?

and usa today's got him at 5%. guess one of them is wrong, eh?
the difference is that one crime has an accidental victim while the other has no victim at all.
disgusting.
&gt;i sell 7 hand grenades, 3 m16's, and 4 rpgs to a 15 year old before school. what? you can't charge me with anything! it was consensual.

you'd have a better argument if people typically used hand grenades, m16s, and rpgs on themselves. most people buying crack don't go and force other people to smoke it.
yes, it's amazing they mentioned that fact. awesome
yeeeees. a coffee slurping high school drop out is not out of his mind on meth.  drug addicts will do terrible things because they aren't thinking straight.  yet another reason to keep it outlawed.  seriously have you ever had a conversation with someone on meth?  i grew up with a kid and just found out a year ago he stabbed someone to death 104 times over a meth deal. if uou think by making it legal he won't still be completely nuts enough to steal it you are naive.  
 this is america.  burning witches since 1692 and damn proud of it!  we're gonna get those terrorists...  now watch this drive. 
&gt;i think you are confusing triangulation with neo-con ideals.

if the majority of the foreign policy goals and objectives are the same, and if the end result is the same, and if the behind the scenes advisors are the same, is there a meaningful difference?
those kids won't work either. they learn the habit from their parent(s).
come on new hampshire give this guy the boost
not necessarily. if you were speaking about single incidents then 'good' would be the term you want to use. ie: defeating the nazis was a good thing, not a well thing.
parents have a choice where they send their children to school, but not all of them have the money.  let them take some of their own tax moneys to help cover the cost of the school of their choice! 
well, name a consensual activity you believe should be criminalised. 

if a person no longer has the will to live, why should they be forced to stay alive. where's the logic in that?
we need a strong electorate to vote these assholes out of office.
you think it is bad to change the political landscape. i guess that is why you are hoping cheney will run in 2008?
with fox news you take what you can get
downmodded for rambling prose and awful grammar. don't even get me started on the content ;-)

&gt; call me kooky

you're a fucking nutter, mate!
now that the dictatorial machinations of cheney and addington have been exposed, what perplexes me is the response from the democratic party-held congress and senate.

for the sake of our repulic, why wouldn't they offer a helping hand to republicans (and those in the repulican party machine) still interested in the rule of law?

are they hoping to use the insane mess the republicans created plus the legislative houses of government they hold, to create a permanent democratic majority? i guess the great sell-off of american infrastructur is about to begin in earnest, but it won't be the right wing coordinating it, it will be the self-proclaimed "left".

restoring balance to our republic is a gold mine political campaign issue, especially given what this cartoon of an evil administration has done. why not present this to voters?

whatever happened to the loyal opposition?
if the republicans really rig elections, why would they allow hilary to win?
&gt;i may not choose to engage in fringe free speech, like kkk rallies, but the government choosing to ban speech that it deems inappropriate would very much be an issue to me.

i'm not saying further restriction on speech is needed, but certain types of speech have not been constitutionally protected for years.  regardless, i doubt further "bans" would stand up to supreme court scrutiny, even if someone beat them up while calling them "rich fat-assed elites."

&gt;slashing the second amendment in half is not at all a non-issue to me.

i guess i'm alone in this, particularly since i could bet that those most involved with the pro-gun issue vote republican, including those who voted for george w.  that's seriously messed up to me.  i want to distance myself from those people as much as possible.  it could be any issue, really, not just gun control.
you believe everything you read? isn't this the same news organization that claimed saddam was behind 9-11, and trying to build nukes?

but go ahead, believe some wingnut that they managed to dig up in a foreign university somewhere. one wonders why more political scientists from more respected universities aren't saying the same thing.
&gt; so if a kkk group calls for violence against 
&gt; blacks, that should be illegal 

exactly. the 1st amendment guarantees the kkk a platform, but the government can keep them on a very short leash.
if his campaign slogan was "if you don't trust republicans and think the democrats are just a bunch off pussies vote for me.", he would get lots of votes.
the us has a valid point that none of you can see because of your thick skulls. manslaughter only kill one person while supporting the crack business can indirectly kill thousands or millions. read a book guys.
with less than $600 difference, that enough to call it a statistical tie.
there's nothing like a good hobo-stompin to liven up your day, as i've always said.
he stands for truthiness and is anti-bear.
with a degree in economics, same with arnold
it could be...

imagine the productivity at the local mcdonalds if you paid in crack.
white activists groups are going to support who they want.  that doesn't mean everyone supporting him is a white activist.  it should not negatively reflect on the candidate.  

by the way, i'm a minority in support of ron paul.  
all the neocons are atheists.  they use a christianist facade as a means of giving their ideology a traditional heritage, but they're all little straussians at heart.    

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leo_strauss

see, i even did the hard part for you.
where is that one guy that was crying about drug charges being the most anti-black law?
rollingdivision: cheney's reddit account discovered!!!
i think people can be divided into these categories: dogmatically associating yourself with yourself, with a group or with all of humanity.


i look at evolution and ask what if evolution decided to take a break for a second and not create life. instead it created complex dna and multi-cellular animals with organs and everything works better than any computer we could create. others call that god, and i won't fight them over it. no matter what your beliefs you can still marvel at the universe. that is why i don't think belief / non-belief in a god is that important when it comes to people getting along together. it's just a matter of labels at that point.


 and i'm sure that the hundreds of fraudsters, ponzi scheme administrators, convicted ceos, inside traders, etc currently in jail agree with you wholeheartedly! let's get those poor folks out! ;-)
there hasn't been any true opposition in decades. the "two" parties are but two sides to the same power-mad professional political ruling elite class. 
you.are.delusional

you need to start taking your pills again.
i want to give you the benefit of the doubt and say that you're being tongue-in-cheek here, but if you are, it's not funny enough. downmodded.
what happens when your hurt yourself? drink too much and bash your head into a window? smoke too much crack and start gouging your eye out? or get lost in the middle of the night?

then society has to kick in and help you. what if you don't have medical insurance. then you become my problem. i have to support your health that otherwise would have been fine.

i'm not saying drugs makes everyone a burden of the state, but the majority of the people that i know that have unlimited access to drugs succumb to it fairly quickly. it is with intervention of a social network that guilts them into going to rehab. 

ps. i'm willing to punish anyone that touches car keys when they're drinking. i would move one more step to banning alcohol altogether but then the "majority" group will bitch and moan. 
who the hell is this bush guy? seriously, this is beyond out-of-touch. this guy is out-of-control.

thankfully this veto will be slapped down.
you're almost literate. keep working at it!

  not to be anal here but it was jedi master sifo dyaas who contracted to have the clones be made.
  
 really?  i like a lot of what hitchens says, but that doesn't mean i like absolutely everything.

i like a lot of what ron paul says, but i don't like everything he says either (i.e. his anti-abortion stance is terrible, imho).

just because you like someone or the majority of their views, doesn't mean you like everything about them.

i do think the west should not back down to islam - not to censor ourselves (mohammad cartoons, etc.), not to accept any form of sharia law in our countries, etc.  so in that sense i completely agree with hitchens.  however, the manner in which he wishes proposes to go about this is completely insane and doomed to failure.  dialogue is the way forward - not bombs. 
&gt;&gt;"the blacks"

hardy har har... he said *the blacks*
no, your example is correct.  simplify the sentence to see it more clearly:

blacks did something [that was] good.

'that was' is implied but not necessary to actually write out.  'that was good' is a phrase that modifies the noun 'something'.  it's correct, and so is negative original, where '[that was] good' is a phrase that modifies the noun 'anything'.

'blacks did something well' is also correct, but different meaning.  'well' in this case is an adverb that modifies the verb 'did'.  the 'something' could have been something bad that was simply done 'well'.
are there hate crime laws? oh there are? what's the distinction? oh, you mean it's the state of mind preceding to the crime that compounds the punishment?
&gt;&gt;"fox is forced to admit "


you people are out of your minds.
how do you survive day to day?
umm, mr giuliani, you sound very conflicted about your own campaign.
as soon as anyone in our legislation introduces any motion to amend the inequities in our justice system, opposing politicians will jump on the the opportunity to run ads decrying their opponents who are advocating "going easy on crime." shame on republicans (most of them) for lacking sensibility, shame on democrats (most of them) for lacking a spine to oppose them, and shame on -us- for failing to vote level-headed candidates into office (whatever party they may be!). we generally have an opportunity every two years to made strides towards change. lets do it..

ron paul sucks off obama for 1 million dollars to ensure the paul 2008 express doesn't make a pit stop at mccainsville. meanwhile we found out clinton's menstrual blood is what replaces oil in saudi arabia.

all of this is orchestrated by a president with the intelligence of a yale graduate, who also took down the twin towers.

oh, and no consensual activities should be criminalized. 
 i'm sorry, but **you don't know what you're talking about.** i've had him as mayor, and there are aspects of his positions and governing style that absolutely cannot be put in a list of points found on google. 
"that is one of the stupidest statements i have ever read."

this is one of the stupidest statements i have ever read.
what a complete idiot. every muslim you kill for no reason creates 3 more to fight - they have families remember? then they will be in the right for killing you, not the other way around. fuck hitchen
 it's actually quite funny. his brother is the polar opposite and yet still a fucking arsehole. peter is a christian, against the id cards, against the iraq war, for the war on drugs. by merging the two you would end up with either the most awful human being ever or the greatest. 
morale will be high. fat people wouldn't need to wait longer than 5 minutes to get their burgers from black people. 
in many countries state mandated family support increases with the size of the family. so it could actually be beneficial, in terms of optimal sponging, to have more children!  
correct!  but what has been proven is that merely the act of decriminalizing drugs drastically slows the rate of both use and addiction.  when you couple decriminalization with good treatment programs and needle exchanges, addiction rates and violent crime rates plummet even further.
&gt;all i am saying is why would you decide who to vote for before knowing their stance?

bush was elected twice. most people only know which political parties someone belongs to and whether or not he smoked a joint in highschool. 
you still suck at trolling

you dont give reason why anyone should up mod this link from digg. 

and btw, your 1337 speak is also sucky. there is a school for that too.
either clinton or giuliani would turn america into a police state.  but romney would turn america into a *well run and fiscally responsible* police state. 
 christopher x. brodeur, a local crackpot, accurately predicted giuliani's running for president *years* before 9/11. he actually made bets with people years ago, and they all booed and hissed and called him "crazy."

http://wikipedia.org/wiki/christopher_x._brodeur
 
:)
yes, that's pretty much it. in this joke, i was trying to make the imagined editor "shitty" on two levels, the first being that he allows hate speech into his rag, and the second being that he thinks he is correcting grammar when he actually isn't.

but hey, i guess that's why my sketch comedy career never got off the ground. :)
so, you are promoting click-fraud.

google doesn't like that.
hitchens wrote the case against henry kissinger, right?  and the primary crimes of kissinger is that he got an unbelievable number of innocent people slaughtered, right?

how the hell did hitchens go from denouncing murderers to advocating murder?
another reason unions should be banned! &lt;ducks for cover&gt;
no shit

kucinich paul '08
here's the thing see: he is **supposed** to have 200 million people (voters) watching over him, and if your system wasn't broken by him and his fucked up cronies, then you'd have oversight on this filthy monster.

you have no one to blame but your apathetic selves.
reading some of the right wingers attempts to dodge around the fact that they harbor people who can and would do this sort of thing is stomach churning.


from the article, "the supreme court in 1972 ruled that journalist-source relationships were not protected under the constitution, and currently reporters have no privileges to refuse to appear and testify in federal legal proceedings."  the us supreme court can't find this "right" in the constitution.  so, please, where is in the us constitution does it grant the sorts of special privileges in this bill to protect the confidentiality of reporters' sources?  this is a bad idea. there is a right to report anything you choose with out any repercussions for the press.  but, the constitution does not allow the press to avoid legitimate warrants and subpoenas.  you need to review the case law around the valerie plame case.  additionally, the press does not have the right to violate the law.  at the end of the day i don't want everyone who claims they're a journalist and everyone they claim is a source, immune from legitimate warrants, subpoenas and prosecution.  
this is a second hand account of what hitches actually said, in an article filled with out of context quote-mining.  i think i'll refrain from accusing someone of advocating genocide   unless i can actually read a transcript.
state of mind is not the only determining factor in the severity of sentencing.  i think purposely stealing a candy bar is still not at the same level of negligently or recklessly killing someone.

if you have any better reasons for why drug possession should be treated more harshly than manslaughter, i'd be happy to hear them...
insider trading?
fyi - jew != atheist.
on a side note: what the fuck is wrong with you?
accuracy counts when it comes to labels.  but if you are just shooting for cheap political points, i can't argue with your methods.
is society not a victim if the streets are filled with drug abusers?  is the culture not victimized if we coddle drug abusers and make excuses for their behavior?
 the incarceration difference in my opinion is due to higher levels of police patrols and searches in certain neighborhoods as opposed to others.  if the cops raided microsoft head quarters they would find coke heads by the ton but they dont because they have money and they stay out of problem neighborhoods where the cops are being slammed to bring crime down(it actually boils down to local politics in this regard).  as far as pulling the race card it is a matter of perception.  i am white i dont get pulled over and i dont get harassed(i also tend to dress always in a suit to not look like white trash either and put myself beyond questioning) so i should not care how the drug war is perceived but since it causes potential social unrest and related crime against people who look like me because people who look like me put them in gladiator school(prison)it does become my problem.  i also find it difficult to not see the correlation to crack having extreme sentences and cocaine having light sentences since when this was changed back in the 80's crack at that time was a black urban problem and white america was scared to death of it.  remember back to the debates that took place over changing the sentencing guidelines and you quickly see a bunch of frightened people trying to not bring race into a discussion that was drenched in racial issues and problems.  the real danger i see is happening now.  african americans distrust our nation our government and our wars more and more, of course they are not alone in this but that is dangerous to the stability of the nation.  they are no longer joining the military which is hurting over all enrollment and more and more of them are in single parent homes with their fathers off in prison.  when someone tells that kid to "blame whitey" you dont think they will, or do you think that they do not hold enough power to threaten you our your family members?  i just think that it is important to not only treat everyone fairly but to be perceived to be doing so as well, if not those that feel mistreated historically have rose up sooner or later and destroyed those standing on their necks themselves or with the help of outsiders with their own agendas.   

*i also want to apologize if this is coming off as confrontational since many of the debates i have had with you are confrontational.  this is more of an intellectual discussion for me and i think for you on this topic*
all your objections are based on the current policy of extending public emergency room care to anyone who comes through the doors, regardless of reason.

as a society, we can certainly change that policy and make it more...discriminating.

regardless, it doesn't change the fact that restrictions on drugs fly in the face of individual liberty.  furthermore, the tactics and expense of enforcing what's essentially an un-enforceable policy are themselves corrosive to a free society.  the war on drugs should end immediately.
 if families want insurance, all they have to do is get a job at starbucks at least 3 to 6 months before an illness or accident.

[starbucks offers part-time employees health insurance.](http://www.workforce.com/section/02/feature/23/52/96/index.html)

so you see, america's corporate-rationed healthcare system is working great. schip is not necessary. 
 clearly being offensive must be the best way to change peoples minds about a topic.  

\*rolls eyes\* 
so...let's start the countdown.

http://gnn.tv/videos/4/countdown

why would anyone terrorize the kiwis?       purportedly they have the world's most      promiscuous women! what a great 'boost'     for tourism.                                
http://www.stuff.co.nz/4235893a10.html      

fat *white* people,... as long as your bringing race into it.
black is white. up is down. ignorance is strength.
sheesh - and i thought the people who want gore to run were dreaming. 

in what dimension would a liberal democrat run with a libertarian republican?
it's not meant as a joke. if you think logically what the neocons want to do makes sense, if you are an american (as in the policy only benefits americans).

if you think logically the population is much to high. we haven't experienced "the population bomb" style problems yet and probably never will but, the quality of life for most people would go up if we had a much smaller population.
i wouldn't be that cynical about it.  people vote with their money before the elections.  the more people pushing money at him, the more popular he is.  there's limited air time and so they're going to discuss who is at the top of the pack because that's who people are interested in.

so, paul got a lot of money.  that pushes him ahead and into the top of the pack.  the media is interested because that really does qualify as news: someone came out of the back of the pack and into the actual race.  that's fantastic, really.

i do believe there's a bit of bias to the news, but i wouldn't put them down for looking at money.  before the actual election you can only count on donation amounts and random surveys to see support, and since paul had been rather low in both before now he was ignored, just like the other 1,000 candidates for president (you think the only candidates are the ones in the debates?).  but now a message has been sent that there is real support behind him, so they pick up on that and, shock, report that news.

good for them.  good for paul.  good for the people, hopefully.
those that are sick of the same dimension in dc.  don't be a dolt now
it's "separate but equal" marriage rights for homosexuals, theoretically giving gays all the legal benefits and responsibility of marriage, but reserving the word "marriage" for heterosexual couples.
opinions count more than facts i guess
  this sort of dogged rationalisation seems to be doing the rounds on the intellectual circuit lately. hitchens is certainly not alone in espousing this sort of rubbish. its quite astonishing when you realise the positions 'respected' contempory writers are taking.  
  
&gt;the muslim community will have to suffer until it gets its house in order. what sort of suff­­er­­­ing? not letting them travel. deportation – further down the road. curtailing of freedoms. strip-searching people who look like they’re from the middle east or from pakistan… discriminatory stuff, until it hurts the whole community and they start getting tough with their children.  
  
that can be attributed to martin amis a notable writer and long time friend of hitchens.  
  
you have to wonder in which direction we're heading. 
thank you for clarification.
go up more!!!!!
dems have been saying that for a long time
hey, maybe we'll finally get a version of "man of the year" that doesn't suck!
fine.  if you're so happy with the effects of crack cocaine on society, would you mind if we sent all the crack heads to your neighborhood?  don't worry.  what they are doing is totally consensual so you can't really complain.
f.i.
while i agree with the gist of what you're saying, health care isn't something i'd say "whoopty freakin do" about. it's kind of a bfd, and while hillary's plan sucks, guliani probably wouldn't even do that much.
you've pretty much got it. a civil union is a wishy-washy attempt to 'shut the gays up' without actually tainting the sacred sanctity of marriage by extending it to people of same sexes. 

social conservatives don't like it, as they don't like anything that legitimizes homosexuality. gays don't like it, as it smacks of "separate but equal" euphemisms for discrimination.

in short, it's a lame compromise that leaves everybody mad.

disclosure: i'm heterosexual, married, live in a country in which same sex marriage is legal, and completely support it. anything that takes marriage farther away from its roots as a property arrangement between a man and his wife's father and closer to the ideal of a loving, consensual commitment among adults is a good thing.
you sir, are not the diogenes i know.
nice... i guess since i'm a "minority supporter" i must be too stupid to decide for myself who to vote for?  so you tell me?  who should i vote for?  
there is no practical applicability to this point of view.  it is nonsensical. one can be a "slave" to anything, work, sport, fashion, their girlfriend (seen it too many times), a cooperative farm.  no cop is gonna bust down the door to free a "voluntary" slave.

involuntary slavery isn't consensual.  so that's illegal.  
jimmyi is talking out of his ass again.
we need to get said plug.
[freedom is about authority](http://www.raisethehammer.org/blog/612/).
&gt; supporting the unlawful crack business

fixed it for ya.

sarcasm?
&gt; fyi - jew != atheist

ok, but don't leave us hanging.

fyi - jew = ?

and what about fyi + jew?
fyi, providing a link to an article so that others have the opportunity to experience the creators' work is in no way theft, especially when the source is fully accredited, with a *hotlink*:p
so are you saying that jeff gannon should be prosecuted?
welcome, apocalypse. 
i wasn't sure which way to go with that. mexicans tend to be pretty fat. something about the american diet makes the border jumpers puff up like marshmellows.
&gt;&gt;"i know my city's layout like the back of my hand. "

you have a problem, not *because* you know the layout, but *why* you know the layout.

get some help.
it was soft ball after soft ball.  i like ron paul, but this kind of thing from fox makes me wonder what they are thinking/up to.
 but if you're putting the neocons' intent in terms of wiping out populations, and you agree with them, you're advocating genocide.

also, this is only impeccable logic because, rationally, it is so ridiculous:
&gt;the quality of life for most people would go up if we had a much smaller population.

of course. by reducing the population, you're making it so that fewer people constitute one percent of the population. it's always easier to provide for fewer people than more people. but it's morally unsound even on strictly utilitarian terms.

edit: formatting.
the asians in my platoon don't really discuss politics all that much. the beaners get pretty hyped up about it but just gather in the corner and speak spanish to each other. but we joke around with each other about racist shit all the time. it's a guy thing at the core. 
seriously?  next time you buy your latte, think a little about who harvested those coffee beans.
straussians believe the wise may rule through the agency of a charismatic, sincere man, devoted to traditional religion and values, who the people can look up to and follow... the pawn of the wise.  it's hard to know which neocons are the pawns and which the chess-masters, except in really obvious cases like bush and cheney.

hitchens would make a rotten straussian though.  he's way too up-front about things.

same here. and woe be unto the cop that busts into my house without a warrant.
for what?

&gt;many of the drugs are so expensive because they're illegal.

well yes that true.  but what's your point?  should congress pass some sort of socialized crack cocaine legislation to lower the prices and make the drug more readily available?
the entire history of us drug prohibition laws is based on denying access to 'dangerous intoxicants' to the lower born people of color who could not be trusted to exercise restraint.  an oft made argument in their favor was to protect white women from intoxicated and out of control savages.

little history reading for you:
http://www.drugpolicy.org/about/position/race_paper_history.cfm

there's a distinct difference between the jokes he makes towards liberals and that burn he gave bush during the press dinner. one only needs to look at his [blog roll](http://www.indecision2008.com/blog.jhtml?c=ts&amp;loc=tagcloud&amp;searchtype=tag&amp;term=blog_tag_the_colbert_report) which includes huffington post, crooks and liars and andrew sullivan.
the same could be said about hillary. the comparison of platform issues is really all we can do. so what are you claiming some special first hand knowledge about?

his list couldn't have ever illustrated the similarities any better than any other method. the best you'll squeak one is maybe one slight different point about a trivial government project. or you can stick with the "i just know" stance.
deleted from main and resubmitted in politics.
 'logically' what hitler wanted to do made *sense*, it would have afforded his subjects plenty of lebensraum.  
  
the consequences just happened to be the extermination of millions of people. 
they forgot the punch line.





kidding. that's a pretty emo story. i wanna write in a diary now, too.
nah, just that they want theists dead.

insider trading shouldn't be illegal. that's something for the stock market to take care of through contracts and terms of use.
what's your point besides a history lesson i already knew?
bull. cannot be as high as 24%.
&gt; yea, cause waiting hours in the doctors office is the way to go.

it's not the way to go, it is worth it if it results in better outcomes for your money. getting to see the doctor sooner is of small consolation if you die, particularly if waiting some more would mean you'd live.

&gt; hey, how about you prove to your doctor that the tests you need are needed.

guess what? you have to do that with private insurance as well.

&gt; how about waiting months for any sort of elective surgery?

i'd gladly wait months for any sort of elective surgery if it meant that i got faster treatment for emergency surgery.

&gt; has it never occurred to you that all of these hmo managers will become bureaucrats in a new system?

has it occurred to you that they already are? have you looked at the efficiency of government run health insurance vs. private? you'll still have rules and you'll still have bureaucrats enforcing them, but at least there won't be a profit motive behind the rules and at least your fees will be paying for fewer bureaucratic salaries.
and here i thought lieberman was that guy from the heroes series, who got killed at the end of season one!
the deficit is not the problem. the debt is.
why wouldn't you want to destroy the federal gov't? unless you live in a shitty state you should be better off. 
lol, you seem a little too sheep-like to be a dissenter.
sex between a 12 year old and a 30 year old?  

some people would go so far as to say sex between members of the same gender.  doesn't bother me, just saying.

abortion?

assisted suicide?


 public static void al_gore_right_wing_column throws logicexception

{

try{

system.out.print("al gore doesn't deserve the nobel prize" + carbonoffset(anti_argument) + privatejetuse(anit_argument, latest_use_of_jet) );

}catch(logicexception e) {system.out.print("column makes no sense"); 
personally, i think romney has a better shot than guliani, simply because the former has more social conservative cred, despite the flip flopping. the whole mormon thing will suppress the die-hard religious right vote, but the average joe republican will like the  squeaky clean romney better than the pro-abortion anti-gun guy on his third wife who's cross dressed on multiple occasions.

and i wouldn't completely discount huckabee, because he *is* the religious right's candidate. right now, huckabee + brownback would be in the top tier of republican candidates, and it's likely that one of them will drop out before the end, sending all that support to the other one.

on the democrat's side, i still predict an upset. close to the last minute, i suspect that a lot of edwards' following will suddenly shift to obama's camp in order to beat hillary. (that is assuming that gore doesn't enter the race, but that's looking less and less likely).
damn right beotches!
i'm half expecting that woman to be personally fired by rupert murdoch before the end of the day. 
where is it written that i have to take all of someone's ideas or none? god is not great is a fabulous book, regardless of any other cooky ideas he may have.
jokes aside (and i did chuckle), what if someone actually wanted help with suicide?
you're an idiot. let me guess, you'll be one of the ones worthy enough to be selected to live when half the earth's population is destroyed for the good of all, huh?  
accuracy only counts when you want to obscure the true meaning of what you stand for is. for example, when creationism changed labels to intelligent design, it was still the same meaning, just a different label.
war is peace. 
2 plus 2 equals 5. 
sex is only for making babies.

c wut i did thar????
i was contemplating insulting you on how silly (i could use stronger language here but there is no need) you sound but you do a good job of making yourself look like an ass in your own words. 
hardy har har...

tell me again how much plastic wrap did you buy a few years back?  
  interesting to see that iphones, like ipods, have batteries that aren't meant to be replaced. one guy was so incensed that he made a short video about that: 

http://www.ipodsdirtysecret.com/

"so he and his filmmaker brother made a video that showed neistat stenciling
    "ipods irreplaceable battery last only 18 months"
on top of ipod ads around new york city, paired with the music track of nwa's express yourself." 

n.b.
that film was watched on the net by hundreds of thousands of people.
that bit of consumer retaliation is the reason why apple does now
provide an ipod battery replacement service at a more reasonable price. 
i will watch with fevered interest, and come next november i want you to think of me when he loses. 
except mine was from an official source.
lowest is 0%
your right those at the top always have our best interests at heart i am just crazy.  don't bother debating the content i have a feeling it flew right over your head, it was about liberty you may want to look it up in a dictionary sometime.  it is much better to have those on the left and right to tell us how to live our lives and change their minds every few years depending on who is in power and what we fear now.  in a perfect world harmful drugs would be illegal and non-harmful ones would not but in a perfect world we would govern out of rationality and not fear.  since we do not live in a perfect world i think that people telling me how to live my life based off of their own moral code without any knowledge of my life nor my circumstances is dangerous to the freedom of everyone.
**it seems like you ought to be interested in preventing them from having the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon."**

how the hell can you prevent a country from getting knowledge of something? unless you kill all of them.

they should work on preventing the capability, or the desire to build them.
wow, amazing quote! he says that freedom is the willingness to give up your right to freedom.

maybe he meant that in non-free societies you don't even get this option?
no. web servers wouldn't have to become merely "more expensive". they would have to become two orders of magnitude more expensive. and how the fuck could that ever happen? the web is decentralized and will only become more so in future.
&gt; so, the poll that gave him whooping 5%, once, just once, is scientific

never said that.

&gt; but multiple gallup polls that give him from 0.5 to 2 percent and used for the past 70 years to successfully monitor voters

it's not 1937 anymore. from the link you gave:

&gt; results for this report are based on telephone interviews

it doesn't say it outright, but that's for landlines. i don't even have one... needed a cell for work last year (i had held out til then), and when i moved, decided i didn't need a landline too. i'm one of 5 people i know that don't have one, and i'm not a 16 yr old either... 33 this year. i don't think that any polling method that relies on landlines has much meaning anymore, maybe didn't even last election, and never will again.

no idea how much difference it makes, but yeh... it could easily be worth quite a few single digit percentage points.

&gt; and we all knew, all the time, that this discrepancy between "offline" and "online" support can be explain only by spam.

or possibly, it can be explained by age differences.

the only people i know that are willing to sit through a telephone interview instead of telling them "fuck off" and hanging up, are those 60 and older. 

&gt; and article by this aussie professor explains how ron paul's staff technically doing this.

no, it doesn't explain how to astroturf, if it did, everyone would realize how stupid that sounds.

you can hire a pr firm to do it, though everyone who's ever tried got caught within weeks. in addition, such would cost 100s of $1000s. if not more.

you can try to do it yourself, but the expenses are great. you need to employ a team of dozens, some of which sit around doing nothing but posting all day, to sites much more obscure than reddit. to even know which sites to target requires expertise that new hires won't have. you have to have them post from multiple internet connections, which costs money.

think some comcast ijit technician won't gossip, if he has to set up 20 cable modems in some sort of boiler room, and he met the verizon dsl people there at the same time, setting up 20 more connections? think that the it person hired to make it effortless to switch from one connection to another, that he won't gossip?

any attempts always leak like sieves.

hell, do you think that when paul won the debate via text messaging, that fox wouldn't have loved to be able to claim that the msgs were all from sequential phone numbers?

the sophistication to do astroturf just isn't there. i don't think any of the candidates (this includes giuliani and romney) on this side are capable of it. especially paul.
this is the stupidest, non-story this week.  by a conservative figure, cheney and obama are eighth cousins to 1 out of every 5,000 people in the country.  probably even more than that (that figure assumes every family only had 2 kids)
&gt; i think i'll refrain from accusing someone of advocating genocide judgment unless i can actually read a transcript.

much of the material in that article comes from prof. pz myers' personal blog "pharyngula".. if you don't know about him already, he is one of the most prominent atheist speakers out there..and hence someone who most people here trust..


- [pz myers' original article: "ffrf recap: heroes of the revolution, hitchens screws the pooch, and the unbearable stodginess of atheists"(link)](http://scienceblogs.com/pharyngula/2007/10/ffrf_recap.php)

&gt; [from above post] basically, what hitchens was proposing is genocide. or, at least, wholesale execution of the population of the moslem world until they are sufficiently cowed and frightened and depleted that they are unable to resist us in any way, ever again.

- ["hitchens at ffrf" with youtube clips of part of his lecture (link)](http://scienceblogs.com/pharyngula/2007/10/hitchens_at_ffrf.php)

----------------

also (from wikipedia)

&gt; "the legal definition is found in the 1948 united nations convention on the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide (cppcg). article 2 of the cppcg defines genocide as "any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group as such: killing members of the group; causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part; imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; [and/or] forcibly transferring children of the group to another group."




i'm shocked that fox news gave paul such fair coverage,  i love the guy and respect his intergrity and intelligence, he'd make one hell of a president

p.s. i'm aware that paul and gravel differ on issues and aren't the same, but can you watch a gravel video and honestly say that he wouldn't be a more progressive and revolutionary president:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yusum8czzk&amp;nr=1
bush and his cronies need to be removed from office immediately!
it took me *zero* effort to find it and link it above. maybe it's because you put this thread in politics, and that one's in the main reddit only. 

you sure are paranoid. there are many levels of paranoia... you're at or near the top there *comrade*. 
the problem is, cops doing this shit are not prosecuted.  that just emboldens them to be even more abusive because they can get away with it.

citizens need to make it clear to their das that this sort of shit must be prosecuted, or they will be out of a job.
he already interviewed himself for his book.
 &gt; romney is very scary, but giuliani is slightly scarier.

i think you're right that mitt is a panderer, who will change his position to go along with public opinion, at least until he's elected. giuliani lets us all know up front that he is shallow and will do anything to get attention.

i think this makes guiliani an easy to read character and you have to keep a closer eye on mitt. 
why?
he is an atheist, but his contention with "islamofascists" stems from being a jewish racist.
&gt; you seem to be saying that single payer insurance will encourage the government to change the laws restricting medical care.

no. i'm saying you are attributing properties to the public vs. private health insurance debate that are completely orthogonal.

there are lots of things that could be improved about health care that have nothing to do with insurance. no need to throw them all in to this debate.

&gt; if it were legal, i'm sure most private insurance would do it (it would save money, and increase profit, right?).

actually, they very well might not, because it could result in *decreased* profit, thanks to law suits. nothing brings in big jury awards like the suspicion that corners were cut due to a profit motive.

&gt; i'm simply pointing out that the government raises the cost of health care.

government *can* raise the cost of health care. it is not true that it *always* raises the costs of health care. citing an example where your statement is true and then claiming it is always true is a classic propaganda technique.

&gt; and you want them to be involved in paying for it too? they already cause many problems, i don't see how giving them more power will help.

this would be great reasoning if you didn't already have problems with the private health insurance system. in practice, public health insurance seems to remove more problems than it causes, providing a net win for society.
don't fuck the small family-run farms. take it away from the giant corporations, not them.
&gt;xtian pretards

please, please, stop hurting reddit.
[demographics of europe - wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_europe)

[germany in cia world fact book](https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/gm.html)

you can find more on your own based on these sources, but frankly i am surprised you had no idea.  i guess its not reported in the mainstream media, even though [european countries like britain realize they are in trouble](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4768644.stm) and are starting to come around.

to explain:

notice in wikipedia that the total population went up to 2005, then is projected to decline.  you can look at individual countries in europe, some are more pronounced.  now think about the consequences of that.  germany, in the factbook, for example, currently has 8.2 births for every 10.71 deaths, and when factoring in immigration has a population growth of -.033%.  they are having 1.4 births/woman... and the replacement rate is 2.1 births/woman.  other european countries are worse off.  think about pensions and health care.  as the work force ages, more people are retired and needing care (even though people work longer now, except europe has much stricter laws in that regard than we do), and yet there are *fewer* workers to provide the income, and therefore tax revenue, to support those pension funds.  this gets worse and worse as the births decline and there are more and more longer living retirees.

i'll let that sink in for a bit, but there's your *facts.*

so i'll ask again:

1) europe is crumbling under the weight of its welfare obligations. why would we do the same?

2) what gives the government the right to confiscate our money to force individuals to have health care they don't want or need?
congress is at 11%, so at least that low.  
who better, then, to drum up support for the democratic party then a scary republican candidate?

as we saw with the failed campaign of john kerry, when confronted with the prospect of another bush term, democratic voters overwhelmingly supported the kerry campaign, which was amazingly devoid of specific stances on issues.  in my opinion, this allowed the bourgeois to keep the serious issues off the table and the race became one of a competition between two personalities:  evil and lesser evil.  so, many of the issues and interests of the electorate of 2004 remained unaddressed and unsolved while the mainstream media focused on the personalities of the two people it had chosen to rule.

which is just the kind of race the bourgeois would like to have this time around, one of personalities not issues.  rudy g as a scary republican candidate is certain to provide enough of a pretext for the democratic party establishment to demand a campaign of the political status quo, even though, in my opinion, approval ratings among other indicators show that the electorate is rejecting the status quo.

believe it that the bourgeois intends to dominate the political debate as much as it intends on picking our candidates, and it will use one to do the other.
 i never said i was happy about crack. i just said your analogy was a poor one because it involved selling weapons to someone to be used to harm others. 
you need to ask? and why are you using the present tense?
  people who mod you down are idiots. it's true that most neocons regard religion as merely a tool in obtaining power along the lines that "religion is what the commoners see as true the wise see as false and the rulers see as useful". leo strauss explicitly made that point. so allegedly did karl rove.

it's also worth adding that the neocons borrow from a twisted interpretation of plato's *republic* where they view themselves as "philosopher kings". what they conveniently omit from their ideology is that socrates obviously advocated that "philosopher kings" would have no possessions in order to avoid corruption, none at all.      
you do realize that their modern govts have been installed since ww2?
 assisted suicide is the biggie. imagine how easy it would be to kill somebody:

"no problem here officer. he *wanted* me to kill him." 
it already is, it's cheap to put a site up so that a few thousand people can see it; but if your audience is in the tens of thousands, or even in the hundreds of thousands; it takes real money to keep a site up and running for that kind of audience.
hillary clinton is a new york senator, so i've had the unfortunate privilege of being under *both* of them.

but i admit you're right, i should give details further than "i just know."

that list doesn't cover most of what affects regular daily life. (what i mean is, how many times per day do you get an abortion, get married, shoot a gun, watch a prisoner get executed, etc).


the most notable bad feature of giuliani is civil rights for everyday citizens. i'm not just talking about racism, i'm talking about *all* civil rights, like freedom of speech, freedom to live your life, freedom from police surveillance and such. there was a constant weight on your shoulders to "keep your nose clean." if you think the pressure is bad under bush, you haven't seen anything yet.

giuliani has a noted history of abusing executive power to create a mini police state. this was *pre* 9/11. his "quality of life" initiatives made criminals out of everyday people.

hillary simply votes for bad things but does so because how it looks to voters; it's "safe" for her. in action, she has not been as hawkish as giuliani, by far.
  none. i am not worried about "al ciada" crop-dusting anthrax on my house. i am worried about da gubbament shipping me off to one of their many, many fema (death)camps to "vaccinate" me so i don't get "oh so scary bird flu".

i am not prepared for block 3 warfare.(well, kinda ;) ) i am prepared to protect my loved ones and assets and, if overwhelmed, to disappear and survive.  
it's pretty stupid to assume that if all drugs were legal, crack would be the one of choice.
it is cheap and easy to acquire, though.

second, the majority of people do no more work than the bare minimum, regardless. 

third, the dollar should plummet anyway, since it's worthless. so should the housing market, since people can't afford theirs.


bingo.
you're talking about human rights which inhere in people. ilyag doesn't believe in human rights. it believes in property rights which inhere in property. if you have no property then you can have no rights. it's as simple as that. so your question is really a strawman since "we the people" clearly can't have any rights at all, freedom of speech or otherwise.
which is terrifying...
&gt; what is so concerning about that exact statement?... this statement does not necessarily mean military action?

of course it suggests military action. you're trying to argue odds of it being military, but that wasn't the point by the author. the eventually last resort is a military action obviously.

the point was the focus on the end result that they won't get a weapon, no matter the result. its a hard-line position.

contrast this with someone that focuses their statements on the fact that they will negotiate with iran. its the same statement really, but it doesn't draw a line anywhere.

clearly guiliani would be daring iran to challenge him. it's consistent with his attitude at the debates to ridicule his opponents instead of rationally responding to topics.
umm...you've proved that europe has declining birth rates but not that they are crumbling under the weight of their welfare states. there is a big difference...
democratic congress continues to originate, write, introduce, pass through committee, bring to the floor for debate, bring to the floor for vote and vote for iraq war funding.  they refuse to live up to their solemn promise to end the war.  
posing as a journalist, when he wasn't.
thank you for giving me the opportunity to downmod you twice.
my point is that if they weren't so expensive then junkies wouldn't have to steal to support their habit.
correct! no, i'm hoping a mildly liberal democrat wins who is afraid to change anything. 
ahhh... yes... defrauding the public by keeping pertinent information to an exchange to yourself in order to make a profit otherwise unavailable.

last i checked, "fraud" wasn't considered a consensual activity for those whom it is perpetrated against.

shooting up your own veins, on the other hand, has no such negative externalities ***in and of itself***.

what you do *while high* is not the same as *getting high*. this dichotomy, which allows murderers to get off by claiming their judgment was impaired (say, via alcohol), is easily repaired under a culture of personal responsibility: "you went driving after drinking, you knew this could happen, and it did. therefore you had *mens rhea* and are gonna get your ass electrocuted now. and no, 'bro', i don't mean tased." 
i think it entirely possible that the [gop will see a split along fundie/neocon lines](http://www.mcclatchydc.com/227/story/20552.html)
honestly, i don't know why fundamentalists or fiscal conservatives support the party at all since it's so clearly abandoned them.
12 year olds are not legally capable of forming consent. no consent = non-consensual.
really; did the site-search work for you?
amazing; you must hold your mouth just right;) fyi, i checked reddit &amp; politics *before* i commented; am i the only one having problems with *saved* &amp; *hidden* &amp; *submitted* &amp; *comments* that are no longer accessible?!? the 'new' reddit is kinda buggy, ya know. 'paranoid' ~ from the greek 
*paranois*- "a heightened state of awareness"
he's a religious libertarian nihilist
umm... did you read the text of my comment or the bbc article i included, no offense?

if their young income earning population is declining and their retirees and those in need of welfare are rising, each younger individual is saddled with a larger burden in the form of taxation of paying those benefits.  they *cannot* sustain such payments as they inexorably rise.
what kind of evidence would you need?
i'm positive that there are people in the cia that, whether they admit it or not, have that motivation. it's just a motivation. how do you prove it? 
all this "who represents the conservative part of the conservative party" is utter laugh out loud rubbish.  r.p. is the only one out of the bunch of these neocon meatheads... just look how fiscally capable he is with these donations.

side note, i'm more of a gravel guy and i am aware of the differences between him and paul, but, but for kicks can you guys watch this and say that he wouldn't be a real kick in the ass to the system! i think it's tough to find fault with any of his positions and i believe he would outperform paul as president: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yusum8czzk&amp;nr=1
agreed. news corps' revenues are shown to be $11 billion while wikipedia says $28 billion. they've grown a lot in the past 6 years.
firstly, it wouldn't stand up to supreme court scrutiny, and it just wouldn't happen without a constitutional amendment. so it's not going to happen. he can say whatever he wants about it, it doesn't mean he'll have the power to make it happen.

secondly, it *should* be a non-issue. seriously, an armed uprising just isn't going to happen. it requires conceiving of a scenario where the whole us military took arms against the civilian population under a dictator, and the entire us gun owning population fought back. i'm not holding my breath on that one.

i don't have any personal desire to see guns banned in their entirety, but it does seem like a dumb issue to get uptight about.
if we're being racist, you gotta include the black people too.

i recall something about "chicken mcnuggetts".

and, besides -- couldn't kfc adopt the same practice as mcdonalds, then?

(remember, folks; this was **meant** to be racist.)
can someone actually tell me what it is that they do that's useful in the us in this day and age?
what do you expect from a governor that only got 38% of the vote.
he supports the war(s) but it a liberal on almost every other issue and suddenly he's a neocon?  i don't get it.
yes, there is something to be said for ruining other people's lives, you are right. perhaps if we had a more civilized prison system that isn't one big anal rape joke i'd feel better about throwing people in the clank.
exactly.  for strauss, the hoi polloi are too feeble-minded to know the stark truth--that of nihilism and moral relativism.  they need to be given a noble lie to keep them under control.
it would be different if you could say "here you go officer, here's the signed, witnessed statement, all on video, re-signed each week for a period of 'cooling off' time, that says he wanted me to kill him"
yaaaaawwwwwn.  this is like something i would expect to be written by a high school kid who just read the book.  

tell us something that isn't blatantly obvious bruce.
in fairness... that has a *lot* more to do with the "war on drugs" than on gun control. decriminalize and regulate, and watch gun related deaths drop like a rock overnight.

banning handguns would only have an impact on accidental gun related deaths, which is overall a tiny minority of such deaths; and those we could severely curtail with a reasonable licensing scheme and safety regulations without resorting to an outright ban.
society is made up of individuals. "society" cannot be a victim; only ***individuals*** can be victims.

and yes, some people certainly are victims of drug abuse. **they have victimized themselves**.

"if we coddle drug abusers and make excuses for their behavior"

hrm. let's examine this for a moment: by this same logic, if the persecution of drug abuse is worse than the abuse itself, then is this not a way of saying that **government** is abusing *society*? 

oh, right. when police shoot innocent people in a drug raid that went wrong because they had the wrong address, that's just an isolated incident -- so 'society' isn't being put at risk.

[i guess it's a good thing there's not all that many of these isolated incidents, eh](http://www.cato.org/raidmap/)?
he's saying he's jewish ethnically. you know how the giants are a football team and a baseball team? the jews are a religion and an ethnic group
on the other hand, if your site is in the 10s/100s of thousands, it's pretty easy to make enough money to support the cost of the infrastructure.
thanx so much for your ass istance:p
&gt;he ... has no expertise in law or government.

hey! remember bush jr.? he had a staff behind him and knew nothing about law or government...
not true. opportunity cost is still a cost.

i.e.; the time and effort taken in raising those nine children **could** have been time and effort spent raising yourself out of poverty.

ipso facto: having children costs you, even if you've got no money at all.
two points:

a) you predict they cannot sustain. they are not in the process of collapsing though. their economy has been pretty decent, last i heard (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_europe). you just see dark clouds on the horizon. hey, i see them too, doesn't mean it will come to pass though.

b) socialized medicine != a welfare state. european countries have all sorts of other issues there, as you yourself point out (pensions, low birth rate, ageing population, etc...) that just doesn't apply to the us. so if you think socialized medicine will mean we'll face the same problems as europe in this respect, that's just exageration.
society is definitely a victim, yesterday the jehovah's witnesses bothered me again.  in some places (like germany) jehovah's witnesses are outlawed...  and there's way too many of them on the streets... mormons too... they always have that same fake smile on their face too, it's the same one the people on crack have... 
it's called "bread and circuses", and it destroyed the roman empire. 
&gt;i also want to apologize if this is coming off as confrontational since many of the debates i have had with you are confrontational. this is more of an intellectual discussion for me and i think for you on this topic

no need to apologize.  you haven't done anything wrong.  this is the exact type of discourse that should go on at reddit.  instead you have people who lead off with stuff like "your an idiot" and "fuck you moron".

i'll take a civilized argument that i completely disagree with over that nonsense any day.

with that said, you're wrong.  i'm right.  end of discussion. : )
anywhere but tx....no way another texan prez.
no fucking way
who downvoted this?  it's a great point.
sadly you'll be modded down because of the way your point comes across, but it's a relatively accurate, concise description of hitchens' personal biases and world view.  he views himself as ethnically jewish through matrilineal descent, despite his vehement rejection of religion.  this strongly colors his view of middle east politics; everything he writes on the issue has an "us-versus-them" undercurrent.

i don't really see what motivates a person to support ethnic tribalism while simultaneously rejecting religion so vehemently--both concepts are fundamentally cut from similar cloth--but then again i don't understand hitchens' devotion to the straussian mindset either (except, perhaps, that he feels his tribe or intellectual class is entitled to come out on top, as straussian rulers).
eh, it's a two party system, and the religious nuts know that as much as anyone. at the end of the day, they have more power as a significant minority *within* the republican party than they would as a third party - which would just make them irrelevant to the electoral process and swing the whole country left as a result. the grumbling about leaving is an attempt to influence the party internally, not any serious threat.
criminals already go through the trouble of erasing evidence, constructing alibis and dumping bodies. do you really think they wouldn't be able to forge a signature and find somebody to act as a witness?
dude, colbert burned bush at the press dinner. we were discussing stewart. my point is that he pokes fun at all stupidity in politics. frankly, he's not burning republicans so much as neo-conservatives.
&gt;ps. i'm willing to support harsh crimes on drugs because i don't want my shit stolen by crack fiends.

have you considered that crack fiends only need to steal your shit because the crack they buy is at a vastly inflated price because of it's illegality? 

drug addicts don't burgle houses because it's fun, they do it because they can't afford the drugs, which under the black market are thousands of times more expensive than they should be in a free market.
what the us will get is an asshole democrat that keeps the almighty executive branch and empowers it even further.  they will swear that there has been change on the most fundamental levels, but they won't repeal a single damn thing.

and you'll all buy it.  the daily show will start making fun of the new democratic administration, and you'll be flabbergasted (yeah, i remember when they made fun of clinton when he was in office, that's what's great about the daily show, they don't play favorites... too bad the audience does).  
while i agree with your conclusion, it's all the more disturbing to see how you get there. there's a freudian slip in your argumentation that speaks volumes: you use the word "muslim" as if it was a synonym for "terrorist".

&gt; every muslim you kill for no reason creates 3 more to fight - they have families remember?

that sentence right there only works if by "muslim" you actually mean "terrorist". it makes no sense whatsoever if by "muslim" you actually mean "muslim".
 you're asking the wrong question.

it's not "where are journalists protected from revealing a source"

the real question is:  where in the constitution is the federal government granted the right to coerce (a source of information) from a free and independant press?

a press bound by this threat cannot effectively watchdog corruption, which is it's essential function within the american system of government.

and you still haven't really mentioned why you hate freedom so much.  

 
do these corporations own reddit, digg, englishrussia and dailykos? if not, the title is a lie.
   1. he didn't say "elaborate scheme." have you ever worked for a bureaucracy? did you notice how, even though they knows what the best way to do something is, everyone does everything in an inefficient manner just to cover their ass?

well, there is something inherent within the system to function in a certain way. no one is doing it necessarily on purpose, to irritate their coworkers or outsiders. they do it because they are motivated not to take risks.

how about parking tickets? i'd say that those are just like the war on drugs. let me clarify: poor people pay the same amount in fines for parking violations as rich people right? but whom is it hurting more?

if you live in a shitty neighborhood, with people selling drugs on the street, it's easier to just pick it up off the street. it is also easy to get caught. if you live in an environment where drugs are handed down by closely knit groups of people (who, by the way, have the latest, shiniest cellphones) who are less likely to get caught, who is worse off?

2. yes crack is a recreational drug. it is used to sit down and feel good. as opposed to lsd which may actually be a drug used for understanding one's own mind and motivations or to produce better art (which is work).  

edit: in the text field (right now) on the last paragraph i see a 2(two) when i submit it changes into a 1(one) reddit bug. 
well, all i have to say is that you fear a free market in health care, but you think my points are exaggerations or dark clouds.  i'd have to say that i am sure that free market will work, and i think your criticisms of it and your shrugging off of socialized medicine problems is exaggeration.

socialized medicine is a component of a welfare state, and the us has almost every other component.  we are already *way* more socialist than free-market (check this out: [comparison of america to the communist manifesto](http://www.libertyzone.com/communist-manifesto-planks.html)).

we'll have to agree to disagree, but it was a good discussion and you made me think.  thanks.
do we want a civilization where all political communication must be subsidized by business?
i assure you that i will stop thinking about you as soon as this conversation thread ends.
the truth hurts that's why.
"in an ideal sense, if there was wrongdoing, there could be a trial brought in the iraqi court system. but that would imply that there is a valid iraqi court system where westerners could get a fair trial. that is not the case right now," said mr. prince. 

"i mean, there's no justice system here at all. crazed gunmen run rampant through the streets, creating mayhem and shooting whoever... what? oh, that's us? oh, right..."
they also ignore the part where plato says that the model of the state is just an analogy for the soul to better understand the nature of justice in the individual, and that if someone were to try to actually create such a state no philosopher should want to be involved at all.
 i agree, thanks for the discussion.

i would say that i'm not against free market healthcare a priori, but it just seems like its been proven a failure. sure, we could always go more free, but i'd like to try the socialized version first.

see you around the tubes.
 ok, i think thats fair to say. you admit that they agree on a lot of the different positions, but that when it comes time to enforce them, she leans one way and he leans the other.

still one more reason to vote for ron paul, his leaning and his position are both different! :) 
sir, i say your three cent titanium tax goes *too far*.

and i say your three cent titanium tax *doesn't go too far enough*!
it depends on what sources you are looking for.  no sources for creating it out of thin air to hurt one group of people but instead a fear reaction that turned into legislation.  drug warriors have been leaking though since the dea came about.  they are just quickly discredited even though they were considered great guys before they leaked by the anti drug culture.  why did nixon give us the war on drugs though?  a republican president begins a war on drugs that makes a group of people felons that are no longer allowed to vote in many states ever again.  now which side of the political isle would you think drug experimenters to be on?  funny how the country has tilted to the right ever since nixon/reagan/bush/bush and i only had to skip two presidents.  some of it can be attributed to the souths rage at having to treat blacks like people but i do find it a stroke of genius if it was intentional.  then there is the whole why is it that all of these expensive high end drugs magically end up in the poorest and most heavily policed neighborhoods for distribution?  if you want to deal large amounts of drugs and not get caught wouldnt it make more since to live in the middle of nowhere or in the suburbs where you are not under suspicion?  oh yea and there have been many leaks from multiple departments on multiple occasions linking the cia to drug importation to fund black ops in other countries.  people from the dea call them the agency that cant spy straight if i remember correctly.
banning things that people want just leads to black markets, which are *always* more harmful to society than the thing you are trying to ban. i think alcohol is an awful substance too, even though a lot of people can handle it just fine, there is a very high number for whom it wrecks their lives, and others. it's far worse than most of the illegal drugs. as bad as it is, banning it would be worse. if you disagree with me, read up more on the historical effects of alcohol prohibition.
&gt;of course it suggests military action. 

just because people take hard stances on issues doesn't necessarily mean they are **going** to take military action.  

yes, it's possible.  but possible doesn't mean "scary", definitely going to happen. 

by the way.  the majority of democratic candidates have stated that they would not negotiate with iran.  does that mean they are going to use military force too?  
drug abuse causes massive externalities. ever seen drunks and drug addicts getting their kicks in major cities, leaving needles in playgrounds behind? or think of the broken social relations drug abuse causes.

europe is on the right direction (again). legalizing recreational drugs and helping addicts back into normal life.

(the death penalty is not a sane reaction to the problem.)
does the internet have a large enough audience to make concentrated control of tv/radio/newspaper/book media insignificant? 

is the internet exempt from this trend of centralization?  
not necessarily... if you're willing to cede some control. scott adams, robert scoble, and a handful of the most popular liberal bloggers all have audiences in the tens of thousands and use hosted blog services.
if what you're trying to get at is that we should outlaw the jehovah's witnesses and mormons from knocking on peoples doors then you won't get an argument out of me. 
if it wasn't sop fucking stupid i'd laugh.

honestly, a real question here: how has this fucktard stayed in office? but more importantly, why isn't he **already**  rotting in jail with cheny?
no better yet we force it on kids by telling parents that if they dont put their kids on ritalin they could be charged with child abuse or neglect.
what percentage of the u.s. population have practical, daily access to the internet?
your legitimate point being?
just because you think someone shouldn't do it?

who are you to decide that?

let me rephrase that. you have no right to decide that. no right whatsoever. anything you say about how you think a twelve year old should not have sex with a 40 year old, if both parties agree to do so, you have no valid, logical basis to support your statement.

it's just a cultural taboo.
well titor did say the one after bush causes ww3...
i guess it could work.  24% of the population has an  iq under 90.

reference: http://www.iqcomparisonsite.com/iqtable.aspx
personally, i really do think rather than making insider trading illegal, we should criminalize the stock market. problem solved.
no need to decriminalize.  if kill someone over or because or drugs it is still murder.  you could change the penalty of possession to treatment or the option of treatment.  change the penalties not the legality of it. 
the negative externalities in america from drug abuse are artificial creations of the illegal status of said drugs.

why should someone obey one law -- littering, for example -- when he is already in the process of violating a vastly more penalized law?

europe is indeed on the right direction on this particular topic. (notice that the death penalty i mentioned was for homicide, not for drug use.)
i just want to say that what you said there was nefariously motivated and manipulative.
considering i'm here to have conversations with people, why would i care if you downmod me or not?

but thanks for letting me know how you feel, without explaining why, or with what part of my comments you were disagreeing with.

in the future, please read the [rediquette](http://politics.reddit.com/help/reddiquette).

&gt;please don't: downvote comments just because you disagree with them. you should downvote comments that are uninformative or offtopic.
did you read my whole quote - i included safeguards against this. multiple videos of the signing act, taken over a period of weeks. lets say, six. six seperate videos of the contract being re-signed with six seperate witnesses, in a public court over a period of six weeks. cooling off time. 

outside of a plotline for a far-fetched novel, how many murderers do you think would make it past those safeguards?
 that is ungood.
so you're saying an individual putting up a website, and finding a way to make that website monetarily self supporting is a business subsidization?

how else do you expect to communicate?  phone, phone company.  newspapers, printing costs.

communication costs money, regardless of what type of communication.
upmodded for pointing out that giuliani's health care plan is "9/11".
 if most of the population cannot participate in mass communication, how will their "freedom of speech" affect any change let alone put them in charge of *managing their daily affairs*\*?

*democracy   
cart-before-the-horse.
look, it's clear you amerikans are too lame to even try to impeach cheney and bush. assassination is probably the better bet.

president pelosi, while thoroughly awful, couldn't possibly do a worse job than these fucktards.
omg he made 40k in military donations! unbelievable!!
"nobody seems to notice, nobody seems to care."
does rupert murdoch's myspace censor content?
ah, i see now.  the linked article isn't a second hand account of what hitches said, it's a third hand account.  the pz myers article uses the word "genocide" immediately after making it clear that what hitches was advocating was not genocide.  genocide is the systematic murder of an entire religious or ethnic group.  hitches apparently is advocating using indiscriminate attacks against civilians to force the enemy to give up.  it's not an idea i agree with, but it's certainly not genocide.
what i don't understand: doesn't he see that this creates more terrorists than it kills?  the war with iraq has polarized the muslim world against us.  a war with iran would only further enhance it.

the unmentioned balancing forces are the "fourth branch" in the form of the newsmedia, and "we the people" which is supposed to lord over all.

though even with that in mind, i have to quibble... it's a question of what kind of power we're talking about. in my mind, the government exists to protect individual liberty - "that to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men" - and the government ought to be empowered to do so. there's plenty of countries in the world with weak central governments; i wouldn't want to live in any of them though.
push 'em out the window, tell the five-oh that he kicked the bucket on his own. "i tried to stop him, man, he just wouldn't listen."
were the phone company's lines not developed with public funds (public subsidy)? 

how much would tv cost to watch if advertisers did not foot the bill (business subsidy)?

with a medium so inexpensive and abundant as digital media, why should communication be dependant on business subsidy at all? 
"so she's on the record with these promises, and therefore can -- and i'm sure will -- be held accountable for keeping them."

yes....she's never failed to live up to expectations before. but i just know she will this time! i heard al gore has a "gut feeling".
i thought it was a bit softball as well. i wonder if thats just their way of acknowledging his potential. can you imagine what would happen to their station if he was elected and they trashed him all day as the incumbent republican!
acceptable.
  you're participating in mass communication by posting comments to reddit. the userbase of reddit is larger than the viewerbase of most shows on cnn or fox news.

if you find this forum inadequate, start your own newspaper. you can begin small, with a blog. thousands of people do this already, and many of these blogs are extremely popular. daily kos, for example, has 500,000 visitors per day, which rivals the ratings of prime time programming on msnbc. it can be done, it has been done before, and other people will be able to do this in the future, all because we have a freedom of speech!

...or you can whine about the injustice that some people actually put in the effort and created something, and how jealous you are because you don't want to do the work. either way, you whining here is proof that you are not forbidden from engaging in these conversations. your voice is not being repressed. you are the one who wants to repress the voice of others, however. you are a sick person. 
yes he's no neocon, though he does call the neocons, "temporary neocon allies," and he does have a few more things in common with them than just his support of the iraq invasion, such as being an ex-trotskyite.
good god!  144 raids on innocent civilians in the last 27 years.  it's an epidemic!!!

according to the link you gave, 41 innocent people were killed in the last 27 years in botched raids.  

i'll take a quote directly from the page you linked to:

&gt;if a widespread pattern of [knock-and-announce] violations were shown . . . there would be reason for grave concern.

—supreme court justice anthony kennedy, in hudson v. michigan, june 15, 2006.

&gt;...that's just an isolated incident

note the title of the page that again, you linked to: **an epidemic of "isolated incidents"**
i don't understand.  what do you mean by "fi"?
he was probably thinking of the other republicans. the rubber hose candidates.
 yes, i would say it does mean that they suggest military action as well. 

the whole position of not maintaining formal relations with a country and then trying to "negotiate" with them is ludicrous in and of itself.

ron paul is the only sensible candidate for peace. 
what a ridiculous headline.  that's like me saying "bin laden wants to destroy the united states... and his favorite presidential candidate is ron paul".

oh no!  ron paul is therefore completely evil and now we have to stop posting supportive links about him!
well if you're not certain, the jurisdiction of you uncertainty should end at the edge of your own skin. idiot.
she is no pragmatist. that is certain.
are you suggesting that it's not possible for a handful of corporations to own and control all the ip addresses?

edit: 
&gt; the web is decentralized and will only become more so in future.

if this is true, could we expect media corporation owners to get a little pissed-off about losing their monopoly on information flow?
what do you expect? xtian pretards think rules and laws are for others to adhere to. they get to then use that as their excuse to not adhere to rules and laws.
yeah, *lots* of people support him. on the internet. ron paul is going to be the next "snakes on a plane." lots of internet buzz, but  come election day, no one will show up to vote for him. 
wall of text
stupid = poor 
stupid = people likely to kill people over some sort of assumed nonsense.

what's the problem?
claims are

&gt;but, anyways, yeah, the democrats have been skirting constitutionalism ever since fdr discovered you could buy votes with new deal programs.

&gt;in terms of american history, yes, fdr came up with it. he started the modern era of american politics.

not that fdr created buying votes period. 
neocons are ex-trotskyites - as in they advocate establishing socialism through continuing revolution?
"kucinich is absurdly pro gun-control (wants to outlaw handguns nationwide)"

that's because dennis is serious about a revolution and everyone knows that you're gonna need something bigger than a handgun to take down the brutally abusive cops we read about daily here.

" and everyone on reddit is a huge fan of that bastard. "

which reddit do you read.  all i see is ron paul this and ron paul that.  geeze - can we at least have a candidate with a last name?

:-p for the humor impaired.
stupid vicious xtians and their pastimes.
why is the answer unacceptable?
actually, i elected jim webb, and i feel he has been doing well. i guess i could start yelling at every congressman regardless of district. 
the one we're *heading* for? you've been asleep pal.
ron paul will be nominated despite dirty campaign against him online and offline!
where do you get that he is racist?
he is just over zealous with his fight against religion. 
the fear mongering of the current administration just resonates well with his desire to turn the "clash of civilizations" into  an open war with religious factions he considers the most dangerous.

i think the hitch is off track though on the topic of war with iraq/iran. i'm not sure how he got to this point of view. 

nevertheless i'm a big fan of the hitch. and that "antiwar.com" article is nothing but a hysterical bashing with out of context quotes , shameless accusations and insinuations. nobody should judge him based on that article.

i'm an atheist and having this guy associated with what most atheists believe in (rational thought - belief in evidence) is most irritating.
   &gt; if public companies functioned more like tiny democracies...

wouldn't it be nice if we-the-employees could vote in/out our managers and their policies?   


if it's required to take place in a public court, then you're spending public time and money. essentially, our tax money would be paying for people to kill themselves.

if it's not required to take place in a public court, then yes, i think it would be easier for a criminal to make it look legit. if all the papers are in order, the police aren't going to launch an investigation.
do you think 3-4 years is enough? or should it be more on the same level as the crack (20+)? :-p
they are ex-trotskyites.  they used to advocate such things, but none of them are trotskyites any longer.
do you want the government to tell you what you can and cannot buy with the money you have earned? is that not unacceptable?
okay, let's break this down very simply for whiskeyboy. granted, "i want the freedom to make myself a slave to whatever stupid idea or practice i want" is a poor argument in favor of freedom of choice. however, saying "this one argument in favor of drug use is bad. therefore, drugs should be illegal," is just at idiotic, if not more so. there are many other, perfectly legitimate logical arguments in favor of legalizing drugs, not to mention the mountains of evidence showing that the drug war is counterproductive and hurts this country as a whole.

and just as a side note: i would be willing to bet that whiskeybitch is a diehard republican hack who has never tried any drugs other than alcohol, yet claims that drug users are evil people who deserve to be in prison. i would also be willing to bet that i (a daily pot user for 4+ years who is currently pursuing a phd in chemistry) will contribute more to society and go farther in life. 
i'd honestly like to see that approach given a try.  i dunno if it would work or not, but i think it has a chance to in certain areas anyway.
it's not a direct democracy. we would have some legislative authority, but the balance of powers would be left in place.

"a national initiative in no way disposes of any procedures of the first, second, or third branches of government. it simply introduces a new one."

[check it out.](http://www.motherjones.com/washington_dispatch/2007/07/national_initiative.html)

there are some risks, but i'm curious about your thoughts. it seems the biggest risk is that culturally, we *are* shortsighted. in oakland a few years ago the people voted to cut police funding and increase their presence. of course these are mutually exclusive. also i see people paid to petition to get things on the ballot who don't believe in what they're pitching. this is scary. it's kind of like how now we have an army partly made up of kids who just wanted to pay for school. our system always suffers from opportunism. but i think with a larger pool of participants that will get better. we just have to be willing to put some effort in, and that's a whole nother problem. 
how do you propose to pay for it?  regardless of how inexpensive it is, it isn't free.
&gt;"but it a liberal on almost every other issue"

name three
who said anything about working?  work != $
ron paul will be nominated despite your, neocons, dirty campaign against him online and offline!
that's a very interesting comment, one that i hadn't heard (i haven't read republic.)  thanks for that.
except for the 5% that try to be honest (or don't know the right tricks to take advantage of the system).
you obviously misseed this part of my post:

&gt;but what has been proven is that merely the act of decriminalizing drugs drastically slows the rate of both use and addiction.
 please solve for fyi, where fyi is rational.
  &gt; their rights must be protected equally.

is it possible to have a system that is not dominated by either government nor corporations?   
ok, my best guess is that it was a star wars reference?

if prysora had written 'the kennedy's are extinct' then i might have tumbled to the joke a bit earlier. there was only one eisenhower and he was in the same political party as cheney. 
that's right, it *isn't* possible. nominal ownership doesn't always translate into real control. [see why](http://richardkulisz.blogspot.com/2007/05/social-implications-of-technology.html). hey wait, you already read that essay! just think of an ip address as a technology. would you qualify it as an expensive or a cheap technology?
i think that depending on the offense they should be executed.  much should be expected from those to whom much is given.
  that's fine.  but we are free to vote for who we want.  if you don't agree with me that's fine too go vote for your guy.  and don't forget to promote your guy!

why has politics turned into: 
"oh this guy is against x topic! i'm going to fight him to the death so he doesn't get elected!" 

rather than:
"oh i really like my guy... i should promote him!"  
 hmmm.  i don't think that's fair.  i think the nazis said the jews were a disease, but not judaism.  there's a distinction, i think.  dawkins advocates the end of religion, not the killing of people who are currently a part of that religion.  considering religion, a belief system, as a disease, does not imply that the cure is to kill people who have that belief system.  on the contrary, people can be talked out of it.

i'm not necessarily recommending this strategy, but i am saying those are not the same.

this i also think is unfair: "atheism that despises religion and categorizes it as 'something of the night', as opposed to being a matter of personal conviction, always had that latent possibility."

there are many religious people who consider their religion more than a matter of personal conviction.  in fact, they think it is objective truth that's worth killing over.  (i realize you weren't saying that *per se*, but i did think there was a whiff of that around your claim.)  
actually that is a rather debatable position. some think that *the republic* was a literal description of socrates' envisioned ideal society while others think the whole thing was an allegory of a human soul. the evidence is evenly split on both sides. i'd say the final chapter actually contradicts the allegory hypothesis.

btw. you can get the whole *republic* as a podcast audio book at this feed [link](http://www.switchpod.com/users/plato/feed.xml)
  which has more power to choose which political candidates are "electable": tv or the internet?   

can any presidential candidate win the election without television/radio/newspaper/book coverage?
nice to think there are extreme right wing atheists, about.  sadly, the majority of decent liberal atheists are never heard.  just like liberal christians are marginalised by the fascist media.

  oh. i see. so that perfectly justifies legalizing hard drugs like crack cocaine. you're absolutely right, how silly of me to think that when people can afford drugs they surely will do the responsible thing and work a 9-5 to afford their habit.

i mean i was so dumb that i didn't think shooting up crack won't incapacitate your for hours if not days and disrupt your normal life cycle. how dumb am i to think that when you can't hold a steady job because of the fact that your addiction is making your teeth fall out, skin turn yellow, and body smell, that it's perfectly fine.

but then i realized, i'm not a dumbfuck. so i pose this question to you, dumbfuck, do you even know how much crack cocaine cost right now? $10 fucking dollars. because it's crack, the whole point is that it's a short high, cheap prices, and highly addictive. the people that consume them and get addicted can't hold steady jobs so they resort to stealing or robbing because it's the fastest way to get more money for drugs. but surely when the black market scheme goes away and with crack rocks costing just a buck like a mcchicken sandwich, surely everything will be okay right?

holy fuck are you stupid.     
kucinich paul '08
ah, the dubious distinction of a shiner_man endorsement.
i downvote your comments because they are stupid and often blatant lies. this qualifies as "uninformative" and "offtopic" in my book.
ron paul will be nominated despite your, "submitted", dirty campaign against him online and offline!
   can any u.s. presidential candidate win the election without tv/radio/newsprint/book coverage?   if not, what is the significance of the internet with respect to the u.s. political economy? 
i have a bunch of friends who are active in the dnc, and i don't see what you are talking about.

maybe yo are referring to the washington d.c. people in both parties, or the national leadership of both parties ... could you be more specific?

i've heard this sort of thing online before (not to mention from ralph nader) but i've yet to see something substantive that shows what you say to be true.

i agree with the spirit of your comment, but i don't think that what you have written is factually correct.

would you be so kind as to illustrate your point more?
the way the end of prohibition greatly reduced alcoholism?  pipe dream of people who like to smoke pot my friend. 
i feel like it's a step in the right direction to continue moving the power base down. [this is not direct democracy,](http://www.motherjones.com/washington_dispatch/2007/07/national_initiative.html) it's increasing our (the people's) access. our access is currently written into the bill of rights. 

the media has taken our access. we have the right to petition the government and print our complaints, but these roles are being filled by people who aren't interested in using them fully. the free press has been replaced by the free press corps and it isn't aggressive enough when it gets near to power; it tends to seek power itself instead.

we need to pick up our tools again. the internet has freed the press. the media follows the market. if we demanded better coverage we would get it. but i'm tired of relying on all of you to complain with me. i want the direct power back that rupert murdoch has been siphoning away.
i'm not sure if you phrased it the way i would b/c manslaughter is not murder but i generally agree.
"belief system"? surely you jest.
&gt; where a large chunk of the population feels that the government has run amok and takes up arms? it happened during the american civil war.

140 years ago - when gun owners still had (rough) parity with the professional military.

and in any case, it only proves my point. firstly, the south was only able to mount a defense because it was state vs state, not military vs civilians. there still could have/would have been a war even if no civilians could bring their own guns to the battle, because a large chunk of the professional army defected.

and secondly, that rebellion was in defense of slavery; they were on the wrong side, morally speaking. southern blacks nearly didn't gain their freedom because of the second amendment, which in my mind isn't a defense of it.

&gt; there are a number of places in the world in which such military dictatorships have been created. avoiding unstable situations that can slip into one is not a trivial problem.

and there's any number of counterexamples. there have been any number of (relatively) peaceful revolutions, such as with india or the american civil rights movement of the 60's. there have been any number of dictatorships over populations where gun ownership was fairly unrestricted - such as under saddam hussein (ie, see how he put down the kurds way back when), or a number of african dictators. and, both south america and africa deal with roaming armed militias that often enough are looking to overthrow duly elected governments and install themselves as tyrants - and frankly i have little doubt that there are groups in the us that would do the same given the chance.

in short, there's not much of a correlation between tyranny and gun ownership, and there's simply not a realistic prospect of civilian gun owners defeating a professional military if it ever came to that.

again, i'm fairly neutral as guns go - but this whole "defense of tyranny" argument, as true as it might have been in 1789, simply doesn't hold water today.
i notice you didn't answer my question. why are you making the distinction?
ron paul will be nominated despite your, "submitted", dirty campaign against him online and offline!
ha! funny stuff
&gt; you had *mens rhea*

talk about [sticking your head in the sand](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhea_americana)...

p.s. i'm well aware of the differences between the ostrich and the ñandú.
 what does it have to do with concentration of media power?  would it make a difference if he was italian?  
this isn't just [any author](http://geekz.co.uk/schneierfacts/).

respect the schneier
don't look now. blackwater will dissolve and in it's place there will be two more pmcs to take over looting the us treasury twice as fast. what fabulous news for the neo-con regime, maybe they'll be able to bankrupt us by the next election after all.
how about if you were required to pay for the courts time, would that satisfy you?
&gt; why are you using the present tense?

are you suggesting that six corporations no longer control the media in the u.s.?
i don't think "fixed" is the right term.
why don't people just link to actual stories or actual speech transcriptions? why? 

some histrionic blog's translation of what they think hitchens' ideas are is not a credible, objective source of information. as far as i can tell, it's the exact opposite.  

i can't imagine i'll agree with hitchens on any of this recent material, but i'm certain i can't form an opinion based on that stupid, hysterical blog post.  

this is critical thinking 101. sources matter. objectivity matters.  if you want to attack hitchens, link directly to a hitchens article.  why wouldn't you? 

manslaughter and murder are very different...quoting breeze99...average sentences for murder in the us were 266 months in 1995: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/html/cjusew96/isl.htm 
look at that soft, off-white color ...
 with discussion contributions [like this](http://reddit.com/info/5ybq9/comments/c029gc5) (your [comment history](http://politics.reddit.com/user/redditcensoredme/) is a veritable laundry list of ad hominem attacks and verbal diarrhea), i hardly think you're in any position to complain about the content of my, or anyone else's, comments. in fact, it appears that you are probably the most vile person on reddit.

good day. 
heh the interesting thing about rupert is he doesn't even seem to have much of a right wing political position. he just likes making money and found the right wing bullcrap to be an untapped resource. if the viewers don't like fox to be all gushy on ron paul, he'll get mad. however, maybe there is beginning a real shift toward paul support especially in the young, more lucritive bracket that fox news traditionally lacks in.
&gt; and everybody knows, that in case of disaster cell phones will go down first, so people keep their landline phones

this is dumb in and of itself, but i submit:

i do not have a landline. i know 5... hm, make that 7 people my age and younger (but still voting age) who do not have landlines.

btw, i was in richmond when the hurricane struck, phone was out for days. cells were... it's quicker to get a single cell phone tower up and running, than to repair fucktons of landlines. so you fail it.

&gt; and your second question, yes, fox did claimed that ron paul campaign staff rigged the the post debate poll, and so did msnbc.

by purchasing thousands of cell phones, and furiously texting? i think not. that would have came out, ergo it did not happen.

a simpler explanation is that he's the closest thing to a non-jackass that the republicans are fielding. you shouldn't be shocked, the two frontrunners are giu-bomb-iran-liani and the simpson's very own troy mcclure.

&gt; it's just mambojambo. 

to a mouth breather. some of us are expected to know how technology works though, for our jobs. 

&gt; and, yes, ron paul officially supports nuts from "9/11 truth movement", hence, they support him.

no, another lie. but what's so funny that there might be a conspiracy or coverup in there somewhere... bush has the ethical integrity of a machiavelli school washout.

does it bother you somehow that the status quo is threatened?
scared much?
in order to prevent world war iii, iran must not have nukes... because if they get nukes, we'll start world war iii with them because of it. 

yeah... dis a good plan. 
&gt;protests have lost their potentcy because after the 60's people started to protest every. every decision politicians make is protested by some group. we have acted like a person who yells and screams about everything, so you never take any yelling from that person seriously or think it means much.

you've been lied to. there are vocal minorities everywhere and always have been. there have been no movements like the civil rights movement or the protests that finally dragged us out of vietnam. "you" are referring to yourself here. have you gone protesting ever?

&gt;if you truly want the government to listen then you have to vote out the representatives that have not done what you wanted. we thought this happened when the democrats were elected, but for some reason they are reluctant to truly force the presidents hand. maybe they don't have a great enough majority, i don't know.

and you don't care to know. the reasons are obvious. they don't have a great enough majority to ignore the rules. do you know what they are?

&gt;the problem is, i don't think that protests are going to work this time. there have been massive protests, the president's approval rating is 20%. the government knows what we want and they are not giving it to us. all we can realistically do is vote them out and let any representative know that he/she will not last more than 1 term if they don't listen.

i refuse to let you talk me out of my power. this is the way all revolutions have begun and the easiest way to kill them is to say, "just wait and maybe things will improve without us risking any of our comforts"

this is what you are doing. it's dangerous and it's the end of democracy if we can be convinced that it's not our fault our country brutalizes another. if it's not the fault of those who know better, we are doomed. those who don't know better are always waiting to try tyranny and war, because they know that the majority of us will look the other way. as you are. as you are trying to convince me to.

why would you do this? if you could have said this to patrick henry, would we even be having this conversation? i do not wish to compare myself to him, but make no mistake, there have always been people who will convince the people there is no point in raising their voices. and every time they are wrong, even when they are listened to.
of course. without them, many a lazy, rude, incompetent worker would lose his job.
bush is still mad that we all found about about his illegal wiretapping stunt. the first thing out of the administration's mouth was to express frustration at the mere *fact that we found out about it.* how dare we find out about our own rights being violated? 
huh??  
like who?  wolfowitz? cheney?  seriously.  do tell. 
 &gt;"in an ideal sense, if there was wrongdoing, there could be a trial brought in the iraqi court system. but that would imply that there is a valid iraqi court system where westerners could get a fair trial. that is not the case right now," said mr. prince.

also, it's not like we're giving suspected terrorists fair trials these days either.  
she was put in jail for cocaine trafficking. thumbed down for inaccurate title.
you say that crack is cheap at $10, but then go on to say that $10 is only enough for a short high. i say that means that crack is very expensive, but is sold in very tiny amounts.

what if crack cost 0.1c per hit instead of $10?

what if you treated people for addiction, not locked them up as criminals?

finally, less name-calling please, if you want to engage in a discussion you should at least try and be civil.
hell *yeah* we do! especially the part about sex! ;)
  why are you going off on this tangent instead of addressing the main point of this conversation: allowing or disallowing business owners to spend money in any way they wish, and allowing or disallowing all people to have the freedom of speech. 

but, unlike you, i *will* answer the questions you just posed:

&gt;can any u.s. presidential candidate win the election without tv/radio/newsprint/book coverage?

i doubt it very much.

&gt;if not, what is the significance of the internet with respect to the u.s. political economy?

who cares? is this the justification you're using to curtail freedoms? in that sense, you're no different from the republicans who you so obviously oppose, who use the threat of terrorism to curtail those same freedoms. you use economic status to determine who gets to be protected under the bill of rights, while they use fear and war. congratulations, you have become who you were fighting.

as nietzsche said, when you stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back into you 
this will surely be downmodded into the bowels of reddit within a few minutes. *sigh*
&gt;one of seal's **homiez** responded


uhhh....
i hate to say it, but in my personal experience it seems that this is their primary concern.
civil liberties (see: wire tapping and his own demonstrations), separation of church and state, abolition of the drug war.  (want more?).

i mean, do you guys actually do any research before condemning people?  it's sort of a prerequisite for having a credible opinion.  maybe that's just me. 
 presidential run aside, i don't understand why you make the assumption that he's nothing without his comedy writers.  he is one of his own comedy writers.  aside from being the host of the show, colbert is an executive producer and has written about as many episodes as any other writer.

[imdb source](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0458254/fullcredits)
 
 while it is very common for people to misinterpret the book as describing some literal ideal for a state, the text itself is actually very clear that this is not the case.  the question they are trying to ask is why the just man is happy.  they set out to answer this by describing justice in the soul so that this can be seen, and use the state as a metaphor to more easily understand justice in the soul starting in book ii.  once they are done with the metaphor at the end of book ix soc. says explicitly that they use this metaphor to order their soul, that the city exists in idea only, and that no philosopher would be involved with an attempt to form such a state.  there were some poor translations of the end of book ix plato that obscure this, but i've read the greek, and the meaning is very clearly intended to say that no philosopher would ever participate in such a state.

i don't see how you can reconcile the actual text with the idea that the book is intended to describe a real state, though the misinterpretation is common.  sadly, there are many common misinterpretations of plato. 
good.
they are not wrong. we should not let americans be tried in iraqi courts. i assume the shariah plays a heavy role there as in many other islamic countries. 
strange strange people are the repugs
reminded me of that simpsons episode when mr. burns wants to be popular and launches a pr campaign.

"so when did you have your first gay experience?"

this one's pretty good too:

http://www.maximonline.com/articles/index.aspx?a_id=7636&amp;src=dx26
kucinich paul '08
shoulda came to vcu/richmond. that'll turn you from liberal to "racist drunk" real quick. 
impeach!
what are you smoking? the troops over there and twits like yourself are so brainwashed they think muslims are the same as terrorists. they arent, they never did anything to deserve having over a million killed in iraq. this might help you out. read my comment again after you check it out: http://www.rhlschool.com/reading.htm
feel free, if you can find me!  actually, i'll be the next cop you see!
fried chicken is more addictive than crack
again, please look up words before you use them in a sentence.  ron paul is not a nihilist.  he may be many things which you find objectionable, but he is not a nihilist.  it's nice to see that political discourse on reddit has finally reached the level of inanity of mainstream society.
same asshat posting viral links, downvote/report, etc.
sorry, your first article lost all credibility in the opener:

&gt;youtube footage of texan republican **senator** ron paul...
huh?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bread_and_circuses

i don't see the link between unions and the phrase "bread and circuses" here.
trying to raise that many children when you can barely make ends meet basically reduces the opportunities you could have afforded each child growing up.  if she had only one child she may have been able to save up enough to send that child to college, thus ensuring the child great financial stability and being able to better support her in the future.  but with each child it reduces the amount of money/resources available to all the children and lowers their chances of a financially stable future and retirement for her.  of course there are exceptions (e.g., if one could get a scholarship or become a sports superstar) but statistically it would make it harder on everyone.
i applied.  i thought having sex with steve would help my chances.  i didn't get a writing offer, let's put it that way.
frankly something i never agreed with.  you're basically paying people to have litters of children, and typically the money is never spent the way it should be (on the children) and ends up being one giant welfare nightmare.
it was the originators of the neocons who were trotskyites, folks such as irving kristol, norman podhoretz, stephen schwartz, and many others.  

http://www.nationalreview.com/comment/comment-schwartz061103.asp
  if you weren't such a dumbfuck no one would need to call you out on it. 

so explain it to you further, dumbfuck:

crack cocaine high is 15 minutes. then your dopamine drops and you get insanely depressed and want to get another artificial high to repress that feeling. that causes more consumption which leads to a damned downward spiral.

the premise is that such a thing is cheap at 10 bucks starting out but as your body succumbs more to the addiction your inability to hold and maintain jobs makes it harder and harder for you to afford it regardless of how inexpensive it is. that's why women resort to prostitution and men steal or rob, or maybe suck off another man. 

bottoming out crack prices isn't going to change that dynamic. even if crack is 10 cents to get high with, a crack fiend still doesn't have the 10 cents. so they steal. 

i grew up in a shitty ghetto when i was a kid and saw this happen again and again and again to friends or family. the addiction to the drug makes them completely unable to deal with life. it's only through intervention of a network of family and friends do the people get help at rehab, otherwise they get cast aside and resort to more and more dangerous behavior to score the next hit.

so okay, let's make the punishment wholly on rehabilitation. i don't much care for that. i want them jailed because it's an offense that they shouldn't be participating with. it's the most masturbatory and selfish of all actions to begin with, to indulge and abuse drugs. why is society suppose to be on the hook for them?

but surely you must know so much about crack cocaine and its safety and health benefits to want to legitimize such a thing. so why don't you tell me something good things crack cocaine can do you for you. otherwise i'm going to keep calling you a dumbfuck, because that's what you are, dumbfuck.  
he's too fat to run anyway. he's not the man he was 7 years ago.
i'm a ron paul man but do you actually think ron paul has a chance against the political machine with all the rules and can and can't in place? i'll vote for him, but i'm a realist. 

they (capos) didn't seem to like gore or kerry, why i don't know, so bush won. now it's the other gangs turn so that means hillary. no difference between the two parties if you watch what they do, not what they say.

also paul is a libertarian. their platform is open borders and no anti-drug laws which are negatives to many.
no, no, no. we only lose respect for you when you sleep with us.
and we're going to ignore the preceding 30 years of leftist writing and speaking?  hardly a fair shake.  

people have short memories. he was the top gun at the nation for years. last time i checked, the nation is the most liberal of the liberal publications out there.  
 
actually, consuming crack can indeed kill you. this shouldn't make it illegal, however. i could kill myself approximately 1,000 ways within the next five minutes without having to leave my room. at least  if you die of smoking crack you enjoy the high first. it should be our choice, is all.
paul definitely is in the top-tier level in regard to cash on hand. but he needs to use that financial clout and his formidable grassroots organization to build up a stronger momentum so as to avoid the howard dean debacle. the gop race is still open and whoever makes the strongest sprint in the next month or two can swing it.
 quite true. you have to look at the big picture.

 people scream and yell when a drug company makes a drug to manage a disease that damages you. then some kid at a rave pops an ecstasy pill and dies because it fried their brain and nobody blinks an eye.

 i was just watching the news and a car ferry boat that sank off british columbia, canada is now said to have sunk because the crew were all high on pot. a news investigative report found out the crew smoked pot between shifts while on the ferry. the ferry missed a turn it made every day and went straight over a rock, sank. two people died that were trapped inside. 

i thought we were already there. 

then again, i never said it.
 i saw just the guy, although he more concerned about a specific subject, he's a gay arab muslim activist and was on a tv show here in canada called the hour.

video: http://www.cbc.ca/thehour/video.php?id=1719

that analogy might make a little more sense if the majority of the giants' players were on both the football team and the baseball team.
 we are in a perpetual un-winnable war, the state and its agencies monitor everything i do and whoever it is that i call, and hell yeah the government is redefining every word we use! 

have you checked,  lately, "mission accomplished"? "liberation"? 

not convinced, i see. what about "enhanced interrogation technique"? 

 
for some  reason  its difficult for atheists from christian cultures to be critical of islam.  sam harris makes some 
of the same kinds of arguments that hitchens does but most atheists give him a pass on it.  either way not every  dangerous asshole in the world is a conservative american 
christian.
the guy's opinions on world government are a pretty huge minus on gravel's side. i do admire his honest though.
i would contend that is not a more accurate label, but rather spin in the same manner we are discussing (just a positive spin rather than negative)
manslaughter? i have a friend who was convicted as one. it was snowing heavily and his car skidded and hit another car which killed 6 in that car and my friends wifes back was completely broken. 
do you think that he should get more than 3 years. 
this comparison is absolutely useless. cant believe that just bcos you want to eliminate drug possession as a crime you are comparing it to manslaughter which has negligence as one of the contributors and many many other reasons for lesser punishments.  

there is a drug possession case where someone was convicted for 6 months and if i compare it to the weirdest manslaughter punishment of 18 years, how will that hold?  

war on drugs is stupid and i am always for making things more relaxed, but these kinds of comparisons make them difficult.   
&gt; "i do not have a landline. i know 5... hm, make that 7 people my age and younger (but still voting age) who do not have landlines." so, neither you, nor your 7 "imaginary friends" don't have internet at home?

cable modem. duh. one just uses the laptop from a nearby coffee shop, one i suspect leaches wireless off a neighbor.

not imaginary. one is a friend i'm trying to get hired on where i work, shares cable modem with his roommate... he moved to a cheaper place a few months back, ditched the landline. 

my fiance, has cellphones for her family (sister, parents) on her plan. don't think they have a landline either, though i didn't count them. 

one of the graphic designers here at work.

my younger brother.

on and on and on... so yeh, they're not imaginary. and most if not all have internet. imagine that.

&gt; it did happen. i gave you link on msnbc, google it for fox "no, another lie."

you have proof that the text message poll was fixed? show it.

the poll was limited to one vote per cell phone.
ron paul will be nominated despite your, "submitted", dirty campaign against him online and offline!

&gt;they're still the exact same thing. giuliani isn't campaign that we will drop bombs on tehran his first day in office. both say they want to resolve this issue diplomatically and through sanctions. military force will be a last resort. the difference is when giuliani says it, he is called a war monger while clinton isn't, even though she gladly started a war in iraq and continues to support it.

let me first say that hillary is too hawkish for me. but there is [nothing](http://www.ocnus.net/cgi-bin/exec/view.cgi?archive=110&amp;num=28448) to suggest she's as openly hawkish as giuliani. and some of her positions are [completely different](http://thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/03/19/clinton-obama-war-feud-spills-into-forum/) as you just traipsed past. 

it's sad that the differences are so slight that we can argue over them. but i'm reminded of the way i thought gore and bush were too similar, and i voted for nader. and i think gore would not have invaded iraq. precious little difference, but it's touching everything in the world now.
yes, indeed -- note it. that's the entire point, man.

what do you think was the point of the the quoting of supreme court justic anthony kennedy was?

from the same source, there have been over 40,000 such paramilitary raids by the police -- simply over drugs.  of such, ***41 people who weren't even suspects of the crime were killed***.

think about that.
because it won't let you submit the same url twice.

kinda inconvenient once in awhile, if you want to point out that slashdot has a new frontpage, and someone's linked to it 3 years ago, it won't let you.
you don't? how about this: people pushing to receive things that benefit them personally whilst overwhelming society as a whole with their costs.

edit:*in this particular case, we have a union pushing to receive extra pay for its employees whilst simultaneously pushing for exhorbitantly massive cost-ratio to said pay in terms of increased fiscal cost to society: both in loss of workforce (locked up potheads aren't earning a living) **and** in terms of the costs of incarcerating said individuals. throw in the racial injustice aggrandization from increased drug prohibition, and it gets even uglier.*

unions have this nasty habit of demanding so much pay that the companies find it prohibitive to continue doing business with the unions -- and hence they either shut down altogether, or outsource to foreign countries which don't have said unions.

it's directly correlated, and remember -- wikipedia is a good *introductory* reference, but it's not the end-all, be-all on everything, man. 
you are with the spammer?  o_o
yeh, of course they do. if they tell the truth about how awful the sex is, they'll be de-nutted (or if female, will de-nut their partner should he claim otherwise).
but it is evident that you have no real understanding of evolution.  if you marvel at these things, why don't you read about them?
it's a media corporation. this is one of the [articles cited,](http://nypress.com/17/48/news&amp;columns/taibbi.cfm) and you know, this is not a particularly helpful way to discuss candidates. we can say that giuliani has selected aggressive warmongers for his advisers, but to try and parse hillary clinton and the dlc into the same person is not particularly honest.

mark penn might be sort of nefarious, but he's nowhere near as creative and prolific as [podhoretz.](http://www.opinionjournal.com/federation/feature/?id=110010139) even if hillary is as aggressive as giuliani, she is at least considerate enough of us not to flaunt it.
nobody likes a grammar nazi.

that being said -- that's actually pretty funny, man. :)
so you think understanding evolution and being fascinated by it are mutually exclusive?
 woot! reddit just changed the [politics] tags to the end. and its now subdued. 
then whats the upside of changing the system?
i wouldn't know. never partaken of either -- seeing as neither seems at all appealing.
wait, i thought that was his farm subsidy program.

or was it his budget balancing strategy?
good
but he's only the [slightest bit jewish](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christopher_hitchens#ethnic_identity)!
the bourgeois doesn't do shit. there is an invisible class of marketing executives that has permeated nearly all of society, and they resonate with the media to inflate all positions into binary ones. it is not soccer moms calling the shots; it's the people who believe they know what kind of politicians and cars and snacks the soccer moms *would want*. this is why we see a slide toward centrism. there's an imaginary average american all these people are chasing after.
  huh.  but screening for duplicate url's won't catch when an already-submitted url has been tinyurl'd (well, maybe reddit is smart enough to check that) or when joe schmo's blog redirects to the already-submitted url.  i keep seeing the same stories over and over.  manual dupe would really help to cut down the noise, imho.

on the other hand, maybe it's too hard to call.  for instance, are the following five stories actually one, or not?

* ron paul third among gop candidates in terms of cash minus debt (thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com)

* "paul's campaign says campaign war chest puts it in gop top-tier three: "net primary cash on hand shows giuliani in first ($11.4 million), thompson ($6.4 million) and then ron paul ($5.4 million)" (newsandpolicy.com)

* paul's numbers show his online appeal (blog.washingtonpost.com)

* ron paul's big score (reason.com)

* ron paul the new dark horse? (theday.com) 

i guess what i might like to see is some sort of clever (automagic?) compilation:

* ron paul collects $5m in third quarter 2007
  * thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com
  * newsandpolicy.com
  * blog.washingtonpost.com
  * reason.com
  * theday.com
  * etc. 
we need stronger state governments and a stronger congress.  the judicial branch was never intended to have much power.
okay, i'm going to bite and explain step by step:

&gt; every muslim you kill for no reason creates 3 more to fight 

that makes no sense. dead people do not create new people.

&gt; they have families remember?

yes, but their families are already there. by killing a family member you do not create 3 new family members out of thin air. 

that leaves the option that 3 of the family members that previously were not muslims convert to islam upon the death of their family member. however, the members of a muslim's family are likely to have always been muslims anyway, so that option is off the table. 

the only option left is that upon the death of a muslim, 3 totally unrelated people somewhere else in the world suddenly convert to islam. which would be a very strange statement to make, and it wasn't your point anyway, or else you wouldn't have put such an emphasis on the muslim's family.

bottom line: your sentence does not make any sense whatsoever if by "muslim" you actually meant "muslim".

so, i guess it's back to that reading comprehension class for you, buddy. please follow your own link. thank you.

&gt; twits like yourself are so brainwashed 

thanks, but i am as fiercely opposed to the iraq war as anyone can be. ask around, you must be new here.
feel free to follow the directions in his link.  i just don't recommend that others do the same.
&gt;so? kucinich is absurdly pro gun-control (wants to outlaw handguns nationwide) and everyone on reddit is a huge fan of that bastard. why would anyone vote for someone to disarm the population?

because i believe charlton heston. ain't nobody coming for your guns. that is not something a weird little elfy president could accomplish. 
ron paul will be nominated despite your, "submitted", dirty campaign against him online and offline!
jewish law i understand is; if your mother is a jew so are you.
 
biographical details of [rupert] murdoch's past are sketchy and often contradictory. one reads that his grandfather was an impoverished presbyterian minister who migrated to australia from england, that his father was a low-paid reporter for a british newspaper in australia, and yet, young rupert divided his time between his family's suburban home near melbourne and the family's sheep ranch in the country. he was educated first at the fashionable geelong private school, and went on to the elitist and aristocratic oxford university in england.
"rupert's father sir keith murdoch [see below] attained his prominent position in australian society through a fortuitous marriage to the daughter of a wealthy jewish family, née elisabeth joy greene. through his wife's connections, keith murdoch was subsequently promoted from reporter to chairman of the british-owned newspaper where he worked. there was enough money to buy himself a knighthood of the british realm, two newspapers in adelaide, south australia, and a radio station in a faraway mining town. for some reason, murdoch has always tried to hide the fact that his pious mother brought him up as a jew...
  http://www.fpp.co.uk/online/02/05/murdoch2.html
not only that, but another reddit article that i don't have the energy to search for and link debunks his first citation as spam posted by a supporter of the fred thompson campaign.
especially when the president does the same.
&gt; i think people can be divided into these categories...

 google david brin on this.  he explores this concept (tribalism).  instead of two categories, he describes it as a continuum, based on how far the "horizon" of your tribe extends.

maturing as a society involves maximizing this horizon to all people. 
sigh.
of course not.  look, i admire your fascination.  i am likewise amazed by the wonders of our physical universe.  however, the content of your post tells me that you have never actually bothered to read much about evolution or biology.  i certainly don't mean to offend you.  i just think you should put your time and energy where your mouth is.  start off with the selfish gene, by dawkins.  or just let the subject take you where it may. :)
of course he's a jew; see below. not a good idea to have a single group with a common interest to control all media.
yeah, americans don't try iraqi's in their courts.... straight to guantanamo
are you posting this as a negative viewpoint of ron paul's?  the essay makes sense to me.  you have to remember, that in ron paul's vision of government, this problem would not be there to begin with.  he saw a problem in the proposed solution (more government regulation) and he spoke out against it.  

the last paragraph of the article is excellent, and the last line specifically: "we need to get money out of government; only then will money not be important in politics.  big government and big campaign money go hand-in-hand."
why should corps be given the same rights as people?
  the problem is not with christopher hitchens or with atheism.  the problem is with his idea.

too many people succumb to the tendency of adhering ideological positions to figureheads, and then discrediting one or the other by drawing up rival lists of iniquity or stupid remarks.  "x person, a figurehead for atheism, among other things, said something stupid about broccoli, therefore atheism is to blame for x person's stupidity."  that is not how reasoning works.

you have to look at the content of the idea, not the person saying it.  the fact that christopher hitchens, an atheist, says something stupid about the war in iraq does not make atheism responsible for his claim, nor does it suggest that atheism systematically influences people to say stupid things.  you may as well say "christopher hitchens is british, so if he says something stupid, it's a sure bet that british descendancy is a cause of stupidity."

inversely, the fact that a person is regarded as an idiot does not make anything they say automatically stupid, if it can be demonstrated that their words hold meaning.

an idea must stand or fall based on the merits of the evidence (if there is any) which supports it.  we can certainly feel compelled to ask why a person's statement may be colored this way or that, but that does not give us *carte blanche* to exercise blind or convenient finger-pointing.
i'm talking about the people who run the corporations, not the corporations as entities onto themselves.

what you're bringing up is a completely separate topic of conversation.
this, and all the others limited it to one vote per phone number. 

but you're right, as an amateur expert cell phone system technician, i'm sure hannity wasn't talking out of his ass about something he knew nothing about.
&gt; would you qualify it as an expensive or a cheap technology?

could costs be driven up through simulated scarcity? 
&gt;the more you can truly appreciate how stunning and absolutely amazing it can be.

which is exactly what i said, and i completely agree, especially as someone who finds himself having to tell people how evolution works.
i am anti-abortion, it is morally wrong.

however, i'd like to distance myself from these nutjobs...

contraception, in all forms, should be 100% subsidized by the government. vasectomy, pill, rubbers, you name it, totally free.

it should be available everywhere, to everyone age 12 and up, and for minors in particular in a method that is anonymous so as to not discourage its use.

anyone who believes anything less is lying when they claim they're pro-life.
abudabu, 

i'm not sure if i understand your intentions in posting this. do you view standing up for freedom of speech as objectionable? 

i think he's pretty much the only nationally known politician that is really articulating why lobbyist influence is so strong and why corruption takes place: because the government is involved in so many aspects of the economy that there's a large incentive to try and influence the system.

love how you make it sound like bush may try to start wwiii when all he indicated was wwiii could be started if iran has nukes, because the iranian president wants to whipe israel off the face of the earth.
so your a giuliani man.  you should become a conservative and vote for hilary.  
"bullshit."
what is the racial break-down of people in extremely powerful positions? does it match that of the general population? what does any of this have to do with concentration of media ownership and censorship?
nobody claims it described a real state. but the division is whether it described an ideal utopian one or was an allegory altogether that has nothing to do with the social order. 

if you think this was all allegory what would be the meaning of chapters describing the training of guardians, the role of women etc. it doesn't make sense as a 100% allegory just like it doesn't make full sense when treated as a 100% literal description. it's still a bit of an enigma and scholars haven't closed the book on this one (no pun intended). 
so do you think art killed ramona or did she really die from an asthma attack? does richard hoagland know the truth?
as far as i know, they've never submitted anything substantial that shows the polls were fixed or cheated.

and there are multiple witnesses that claim accidentally sending a txt message twice would receive a reply like "thank you for already voting, but you've already done so".

as for the nbc poll online, i know this to be the case. i've already explained how costly and difficult it would be to fix an online poll, and the number of outsiders that would witness the setup. that paul could organize that without someone saying something is preposterous.
 regardless of the ethnicity or religious affiliation of the owners, why would we-the-people support concentration of control/ownership at all?   
yes, i've seen it too. it's a troll.
 what does any of this have to do with concentration of media ownership and its effect on democracy?  can we expect diminished public participation in politics and mass communication regardless of the ethnicity of the owners? 
how are the offspring supposed to support you if they don't work?
what, you were involved in 911? don't want to get exposed?
how many years for *crackslaughter*?
what *one person* in possession of crack can kill millions? so if we catch that one person, millions of lives will be saved?

get on the case now! 

on the other hand, you could say the taxes you pay have already killed millions in other countries. perhaps i should come around your place and put *you* in prison. you could read some books there.
what about 9/12 or 9/13?  these guys need to move on.  i am sick and tired of war.
 i'm curious to know whether reddit readers are more the type who (a) run the numbers and try to predict who has the best chance of winning and cast their vote for that person, or (b) toss numbers (read "polls") aside and cast their vote for the person who best captures their political views.  if interested (and eligible to vote), please comment below whether you think you'll do a or b in the upcoming u.s. presidential election.  i'll keep a running results count in this here comment.  thanks.
this is absolutely hiliarious!!
his actual jewish heritage is greatly exaggerated according to his brother.
&gt;he's a gay arab muslim activist 

i love the kids in the hall too... but i think the submitter means in the real world.
scott ritter was right about almost everything he said about iraq - and his reward was to be essentially branded as a traitorous loon by the msm - i think we should at the very least seriously consider what he has to say about iran.  
interesting, because i love nothing more than to read about human evolution. i think even dr. dawkins showed that selfish genes often lead to altruistic acts, correct me if i'm wrong. :)
if this be true, can we expect a substantive change in u.s. politics?  has this change already occurred with the shift toward "security" and totalitarianism?

is it necessary to "control public opinion" when the public is sufficiently controlled through force?  
it's not solely a reaction to the us congress. we (turkey) were looking for an excuse - any excuse. we were bound to find one sooner or later. let's see what dumb excuse we're gonna find to imprison our kurdish parliament members...
i say we need uncompromising laws regarding run-on sentences and capitalization.
 &gt; if "democracy" is a type of organization where the people are in charge, then so too is a "business".

how so?  if the workers were really in charge, how would the corporation extract so much profit from them?   what would the wage-breakdown look like for the entire business?
to which distinction are you referring?
how about a global pandemic that sterilizes everyone and only those with money can afford to reproduce?
the us pays more and gets less.  in regards to health care, europe and the rest of the industrialized world seem to have a clue.
the first thing is, we are not a democracy, never have been, we're a republic where the minority has representation.

democracy is rule by the majority, mob rule, i believe a fancy word for communism i.e. two wolves and one sheep deciding what's for dinner.

when a single group with a common interest controls all you see, hear and read it is a bad idea. look to europe, you get jailed for denying the holocaust, that is the control the jew has over the political processes and uncommon law there; canada is the same.

the last bastion of free though is the internet so it will not last. enjoy it while you can before the hate law kicks in. 
&gt;“we’re quite pleased because fertility is not a disease,” she said at the time. “it’s not a medical necessity that you have it.”

this, from an administration that thinks homosexuality is a disease.

repeat after me:  self-righteous people never look beyond themselves for the reasons that things happen.
 not for nothing, but that's pretty offensive. i am as free thinking as the next guy, and know that the comment is being downmodded. thanks to redditors for that. i just thought i would send a general appeal to the sensibilities of all the enlightened people here.

saying things about an entire state full of people is wrong, mean, and pointless. a generalization like that simply isn't true, it is mean and offensive as hell, and it makes the speaker look to be of below average intelligence.

can you imagine anyone saying "anyone but a jew....no way another jewish prez. no fucking way" or maybe, "anywhere but pa....no way another pennsylvanian prez. no fucking way"

of course not. it is ridiculous, even though meyer lansky and rick santorum were both pretty big assholes. all jews and pennsylvanians are not lansky or santorum. all texans are not bush.

that should be so obvious no one would even say it. what's your major malfunction matelot? 
uhh...what?
i think this could be a case where the us and the eu could say "knock it off" and turkey would comply, if they value their alliances. 
given that u.s. taxpayers have already shared the risk and cost to develop most high-technology, why should they have to re-pay for it?
what about it?
how can people own property when a small percentage of the population already owns it?
first of all, it improves the overall efficiency of the system (and yes, you can see this in the us itself, let alone elsewhere). secondly, it turns out that we're not willing to deny treatment to people who are dying but can't afford life saving treatment, so we *already* have to pay for their health care, only right now we involve collection agencies, lawyers, courts, and bankruptcies, which dramatically increases the cost and the impact on society as a whole. finally, it turns out that your own health is partially a function of your neighbours health, so ensuring that they have quality health care is actually in your own self interest and is a cheaper way to achieve improved health care for yourself (assuming you already have insurance).

actually, there are a lot of other issues, including basic ethics and the whole moral hazard problem that shows how economics and medicine don't intersect to well in a number of circumstances....
i was suggesting the us media *has been* behaving like pravda since the 1990s at least. really, since the early 20th century.
 &gt; we're not a democracy...

would you support the idea that "the more capable set of men" should dominate the "rabble of unwashed masses of beasts in mens shapes"? 

&gt; the minority has representation.

are you referring to the minority of the opulent -- the wealthy few that own the country? 

just what sort of society do we want?
ho ho!  good one, obama folks.
these blackwater mercenaries have to realize that the iraqi police also read the papers. these comments tell the iraqi police to shoot first rather than attempt an arrest. does blackwater think our military forces will be willing to risk themselves to save their asses when this happens? from what i've been reading about the average soldier's attitude towards these guys, i doubt it very much. the cavalry will show up, of course, but they won't be in any hurry. those working for these private firms are going to find themselves fighting alone, and when their bodies wind up hanging from a bridge, no one back home will care enough to get worked up about it. why won't they care? because american's have always hated mercenary punks. these guys are the scum of the earth. murderers for hire. hate to say this, but america would be better off if none of these guys ever returned. we already have enough brutality in our domestic police forces, and you just know that's exactly where most of these cro-mags will find work.
 i don't really think it's important how much of one type of blood a person has... it's a meaningless concept to me personally.  i just think hitchens' views are not internally consistent and he doesn't see the bigger picture, namely that whether you see your identity as a member of an organized religion or as a member of a tribal group, the only real difference is the source of your particular mythos.

there's also another more direct inconsistency in hitchens' viewpoint.  on one hand he's aggressively anti-religion (including judaism), yet he asserts his pride in being a member of a group among whose major, unifying centerpieces is religion.  and then he actively goes to bat for those guys.  
essentially he's agreeing with many legal experts that saddam hussein's trial &amp; execution was an illegal sham.


i'm not sure whether i should upmod or downmod...i agree with the article but disagree with the title.
how? manslaughter is the accidental killing of someone isn't it? really it's just being in the wrong place at the wrong time. why should it be punished more harshly, what are you even punishing them for?
okay, please go back and reword that so george bush could understand it.

if you actually meant what you said there, i'm very interested in ron paul because he's somehow managed to make a time machine capable of jumping 80 years of time.

also, who cares about tires? does the rubber industry have a lot to do with this campaign? shoot, if even tires are running and getting 1% support.. i should think about running...

what is totalitarian state? i know what a totalitarian state is, but i don't have a clue what it is used as a proper noun.

please read what you write before clicking that stupid square comment button!!!!!
have you ever seen colbert when his words aren't written beforehand?  he's still funny. smart, also.
&gt; look at iraq. they do, in terms of reasonably occupying a country. in fact, our military supply chain is much larger and more fragile today -- it takes a lot more work to keep an f-15 aloft than it does a soldier in the field.

fair enough, but two points about iraq:

1. the insurgency's weapon of choice is ied's, not guns. the second amendment doesn't address the former, unless you take a very broad meaning of "arms".
2. the us military in iraq is following rules of engagement which among other things, attempts to minimize civilian casualty. saddam had no trouble keeping the same population in line, but he wasn't afraid to break out the chemical weapons (or use the threat of them) to do so. any hypothetical tyrant would be a lot more like saddam than the modern us military.

&gt; the fact that one agreed with the federal government in this case side doesn't mean that that one will always do so, though. a large number of people didn't agree.

granted, but my point is simply that the moral authority/superiority of an armed populace is far from a given; they're as likely to fight on the side of tyranny as not, which seems to make a net wash as constitutional protections go.

&gt; it hasn't come anywhere close to happening yet, and it's pretty low on the list of things that i'd worry about.

well, there was oklahoma city. it was a truck bomb rather than guns, but mcveigh was not and is not alone in his sentiments.

in fairness, i don't especially worry about this either, but i might if atf wasn't keeping tabs on domestic militia groups.
there aren't many conspiracies i buy into. a lot of them are just cointellpro or crap made up to dazzle the masses. i prefer to focus on the ones based on more solid evidence. if you want to believe in reptilian overlords and secret organizations trying to detonate massive nuclear weapons on jupiter to create a second sun, feel free. i like to worry about the basics.
"rolls"
murdoch's #2 donates a lot of money to the democrats.  read into that what you will.
actually, his focus was on evolution from the gene's point of view.  originally, his main interest was altruism, but his research led him in a different direction.  when we interpret biology in a gene-centric, rather than species-centric, way, the entire science becomes much more transparent.  anyways, i'm glad you enjoy reading about biology.  
i have a theory that the reason that the poll numbers are so low is because polls are traditionally done by landline. who the hell has a landline these days?

or maybe other venues that young, wired, intellectuals don't frequent, like the mall.
heh, any natural born american who's 35 and has lived in the country for 14 years prior to the election is qualified...but it's whether you think they will do well that matters.
you're confusing costs with prices. once you distinguish them, no costs cannot be driven up by hoarding. hoarding also has limits to its effectiveness. once the benefits of defection get too high, it will happen.

one way to see this is by observing the hoarding of music which the riaa is engaged in. there are limits to how high the riaa can push the price of music whose cost is miniscule.

a much more effective scheme than trying to push up the price by hoarding is to try to push up the cost by regulation. say by imposing a punitive tax on all digital musical equipment.

the bigger problem here is that i'm not sure what you're talking about. are you talking about the hierarchical dns which is centralized in the hands of a few registrars? or are you talking about the distributed ip routing tables which are scattered across millions of gateways?

i'd also like to point out that the hierarchical dns is contrary to the nature of the internet and it will have to be dealt with sooner or later. preferably sooner. 
i wonder how things would be if gore had won that election. hmmm.
if mandating competition limits the participants' profits, then yeah. 
it's called "fascism".
that fat bitch can suck mah balls.
omg, i don't even want to look at guliani's face .. he is plain fucking pathetic and a lying, morally corrupt bastard! please stop posting stories about guliani .. i literally fucking hate his ugly face. it's like torture to me to look at his face, let alone the idiotic lies he utters.
"all research and successful drug policy shows that treatment should be increased, and law enforcement decreased while abolishing mandatory minimum sentences."

and now it's time for every redditor's favorite (read:actually kind of annoying), game...

name that source!
the problem is "corporate personhood", which should be eliminated.
that is hard to understand. 
...a degree that probably consists of about 30 to 35 course hours (only about 8-10 classes).

even if a president did have an economics degree, he's invariably going to rely  **heavily** on his advisors, who happen to spend their professional lives dealing with economic theory.
"this is borderline push polling."

borderline? this is way over the border.
ron paul saves babies and rapes commie faces. i fucking love that guy.
in the end the movement will be left without a - well - head.
&gt;banning handguns would only have an impact on accidental gun related deaths, which is overall a tiny minority of such deaths

i wouldn't be so certain of that.  if i get into a heated argument with someone in traffic, and they get out with a baseball bat (it's happened to me before), and i have a gun on me (this part's wishful thinking), don't you think i'd be inclined to off them, rather than drive away?

i wouldn't be so rash as to entirely blame the war on drugs.  sure it's part of it, but not all 10,000 gun related deaths a year are from drug crimes.  
it's important not to be arrogant and use information to be better than someone else, that is why there is an amazing amount of ignorance about evolution. people hold information over other people's heads as some sort of power trip / tribalism crutch. "i live in a blue state and believe in evolution, you live in a red state and are ignorant/don't believe in evolution." people then say, "i am part of the red state tribe and we don't believe in evolution." but yes, when you look at it in a gene-centric way you see selfishness.
this explains everything that is wrong in the world.
purposefully breaking the law is very different than negligence. the person who willingly breaks a law is more likely to reoffend and disregard the law than someone who acts negligently. stealing a candy bar is a bad example though cause in no situation would it be worse than manslaughter.

drug dealing, which is what this article is talking about (not possession) is what gets you 24 years in jail. and yes, i do believe that breaking the law in this manner is far worse than negligence.
i oppose helping children. that's what their damn parents are supposed to be doing. if you can't help your own children, you shouldn't be breeding in the first place.

besides, considering the "deciders" recent veto, isn't supporting conservatives and opposing helping children the same damn thing?
i'm sure everybody is different, but if you only kill important people, like ceos or politicians, it's more satisfying and you can go longer between killings.
once they completely destroy the dollar, once 99% of the middle class has had to foreclose on their homes, once food starts becoming unaffordable, the millions in the middle class will wake up. they will go to their closets, grab their guns, and march on these people's houses. they'll drag them into the streets and rip them to shreds. it will not be pretty, and i wish it could be avoided. but the ones who can avoid it won't because their greed is too unquenchable.
i thought he only announced that he was thinking of running. i don't recall him ever explicitly say he would run. please correct me if i'm wrong.
what puzzles me is that, 1 out of every 10 americans, still think the democrat congress is doing a good job.  
the most qualified applicant isn't even applying.  its really a shame.  we're stuck with a fascist transvestite and a corporate ass licker.  
health insurance for workers, adequate pay and working conditions, equitable hiring practices, etc., etc.
health insurance for workers, adequate pay and working conditions, equitable hiring practices, etc., etc.
i support government making it easier for parents to help their kids. i do not support handouts.
that was a joke, if you knew the definition of nihilism you would get it
why does this surprise you?

campaign finance reform allows the government to control who's speech you support with your money. it's also (probably) a violation of the first amendment. so of course ron paul would disagree with it.
you do understand that a bill moving through the house is not yet law?
wtf?  stop being so sensitive.  there's no power trip bs going on.  it's just that when you say "i look at evolution and ask what if evolution decided to take a break for a second and not create life. instead it created complex dna and multi-cellular animals with organs and everything works better than any computer we could create."

i mean, come on, there's no way to justify being so uninformed.  like i said, i don't mean to offend you or anything, i just think that if you are truly interested in evolution, you should know enough about it to avoid writing such silliness.
for you progressive, liberal, leftie democrats senator clinton is the scariest possible candidate.  btw giuliani will not appoint judges who disagree with his positions and his positions are well known.   
 what is factually incorrect about that statement?  don't tell me i am uniformed, explain yourself.
several words spring to mind: arseholes; scumbags; criminals; murderers; torturers; corruption; treason; lowlifes. the list goes on and on.

and these are descriptive words about the jailers!
problem with ritter is over time his statements about iraq contained every single possibility making it easy to pick out the correct bits.   
by analogy, the solution to stressed race relations in the us would be more lynchings... violence against women would solve divorce problems, and surely, killing poor people would improve their attitudes towards the rich.
i, uh, don't mean to sound all pissy here, but i was referring to the *real military* in *the real world*. 
sorry, whoosh...

do you have any idea how hard it is to *get* sarcasm on a comments page?
he says he's going to spend more time protecting his family.

"the recount also showed that the only way that al gore could have tallied more votes was by using counting methods that were never requested, including "overvotes" — spoiled ballots containing more than one vote for an office."

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/florida_election_recount

and i don't know how the supreme court could have fixed overvotes, or the butterfly ballot, or the confusing ballot in duval county.  the supreme court can't read the minds of the voters, you know.

god, that was obnoxiously written.  i get it, the guy's dripping with sarcasm, but when you're discussing legal issues that are not extremely clear-cut, writing it with tons of sarcasm is in no way useful for the layman.  i never understood bush v. gore, and i still don't.  i'm not exactly an idiot, and i don't enjoy being made to feel like one.
you need to work on your writing. a lot of people will get to your first major mistake and think "well, that was dumb, but okay", the second it becomes "wow, how many of these are there?". by the third, you've been written off and have no one who takes you seriously. learn to write, or learn to be disliked or ignored.
for example?
the judges thing is pretty huge.

also, sure, hillary is, well, hillary, but rudy is a complete and total ass.

those *are* differences, and they matter.  i think "they're the same" arguments helped to blur the distinction between gore and w in 2000 and that was just silly. here, it's only marginally less silly.

having said that, let me be clear. they are both undesirable choices, but undesirable in different ways.
just like traffic fines in a work zone.
i'd start with a fine.
if you believe everything they tell you is nothing but the pure, objective truth... what more can be said?
jesus christ.  reading this, i'm just agast.  the man just admitted to the country that he's operating on the same level as a 5-year-old throwing a tantrum. is this how the british people felt when george iii was pissing blue and running naked around the palace?
  &gt; well, as media becomes more concentrated, it is more likely to have ownership which does not represent the demographics of the population...

has it, in the u.s., *ever* matched the demographics of the general population?  
i think that was a thorough smack-down :).
very out of date.
it doesn't give a shield to bloggers. this is a problem.
yeah it is. perhaps you're the only sane voice out there. if that's the case, and you get ignored because you're lazy, what good are you?  how do you help any one or make things better?

please tell me english isn't your native language.
 abudabu

you have no one to blame but yourself for your future silence in regards to ron paul. contrary opinions should always be voiced, but calling people who disagree and downvote your submissions a mafia, is silly.  
paul is not perfect by any means but his supporters fervor has raised the quality of political debate above sex scandals and "tubes" statements.  
the folly of your gambit is that some people actually believe in his libertarian values.  
i ask this one question, is there another candidate out there that has his views so clearly defined for the voting public to see? i don't think posting anything from his own site is going to swing many voters.  
ron paul may very well be the "devil you know", at least you know where he stands.  
edit:grammar 
should corporations be granted *freedom of speech*?  should they be allowed to own other corporations? 
i was getting tired of all this "life" bullshit anyway.  mom, i love you. goodbye everybody...
sure, sounds good to me.
if it is, then there go half the morons i get into so-called debates with.
the first thing you need to realize is that evolution does not "decide" to do anything.  molecules are created and destroyed, in the relentless search for a thermodynamic minimum.  at some point, a thermodynamic minimum was reached which had an interesting property.  these molecules, or aggregates of molecules, somehow began to self-replicate.  after this, everything else can be explained by competitive pressures, which we collectively call evolution.  the central misconception in your post is that you ascribe some kind of causality to evolution.  thermodynamics and chemical bonding led to molecules which eventually exhibited the traits that we call "life."  mutation and, well, things i don't understand led to multi-cellular animals, etc.  fundamentally, i think i just misunderstood you.  maybe you call the entirety of chemistry and biology evolution.  i don't think of evolution as creating life.  i don't think of it as creating complex dna and multi-cellular animals.  i think of these animals as existing within a biological framework.  evolution is the theory which explains this overall framework.
don't be ridiculous. what part of "forbid" do you not understand? it's a two syllable word.

ron paul himself says he "forbids federal courts, including the supreme court, from adjudicating cases concerning state laws and polices relating to religious liberties or ``privacy"

you can spin whatever fairy tales you want about it, but that doesn't change the contents of the bill.

write to the campaign and ask them if hr300 would allow parents to sue the state or school board in federal court over forced prayer or any other religious discrimination.

they'll tell you the same thing that's in the bill, the same thing rp said when he introduced it: he forbids it. 
so true.
i was going to write, "dissenters are eradicated, usually violently.  it won't come about unless those in power are removed from said power."  

your comment has a fantastic visceral quality.  kudos! 
we need a new subreddit:

deathpool.reddit.com

i give him about 9 months.
cheney is a nigger. that explains everything!!!

 

 

well i thought it was funny.
what's this?  a headline that isn't misleading or an outright distortion of this morning's presidential press conference?  one that takes context into account and doesn't try to infer anything, instead just displaying the matter-of-fact manner with which bush referred to the danger of a nuclear-armed iran?

this can't be the reddit i know - someone must be spoofing it.  
when six corporations get to choose the candidates, does bush have anything to fear?
i agree.
that's cos gun people sit around thinking this shit up cos they are bored cos they ain't allowed to be out shooting people.
no he isn't.
really?
maybe.
 that was true on *the daily show*, but he did officially declare it on *the colbert report*.

* show: http://www.ifilm.com/episode/18030?startswith=2903970
* report: http://www.ifilm.com/episode/18037?startswith=2903787 
well, whether he'd sue or not depends on alot of things, and it's easy to imagine scenarios where they're in the wrong but that they neither lose nor are paul's goals helped.

so no, i don't think he'd sue. using that as an excuse shows just how out of touch that you are.

should i believe everything that is said about, in no particular order: bush, cheney, rumsfeld, karl rove, coulter, o'reilly, limbaugh, hannity, and giuliani?

they haven't sued, so i guess all the allegations are true.
yes, after cells went from asexual to sexual reproduction there was an explosion of evolution due to natural selection. people say that evolution is like the case where you put a bunch of monkeys and a typewriter together and you essentially get a mona lisa painting. that is pretty much true and it's amazing that chemicals formed into viruses then single-cell life then multicellular life then fish then heidelbergensis then humans and then leonardo da vinci comes along and paints the monsa lisa. that is what i find fascinating. i know that a supernatural force isn't behind these processes but if we could personify evolution like writers personify wind or water then we can have food for philosophical discussion.
like the pledge says "to the republic for which we stand".

the minority party has representation doesn't it.
nice nonsequitir
strange way to talk about a tape worm.
which means you can probably get paid more in the drug business than as a professional killer... i imagine the two go together however.
depends. i don't mind if you disagree, even if you're just being downright insulting and abusive... the part that i think is wrong, and should be grounds for banning, is when you cut and paste the same comment more than once.

at that point, you're annoying, and you're not engaging in a dialogue. that's the whole point of commenting, saying something that people can reply to, and expect a reply in turn. that can't happen if your comments are the equivalent of a looped recording. 
when i post pro-rp fluff, it gets quickly upmodded.  when i post substantive articles actually written by fearless leader which highlight some of his controversial positions, they get immediately downmodded (within seconds).  how would you describe this behaviour?
"above the law" - isn't that a movie?
there already are laws forbidding the operation of a motor vehicle while intoxicated.  that's what they should be prosecuted for, not the pot smoking *per se*.

don't forget that the democratic quislings clinton and obama are senators.  i guarantee they vote against this.
every job i've had has that. i don't have any experience with unions so i am naive regarding them but i don't see why some people need them and not others. (obviously there are exceptions to every rule)
what america needs is a reformed election system where you don't have to bend over for every corporation and wealthy interest in order to gain money to buy air time to run for office.  what america needs is a citizenry who is actually informed by the airwaves they own rather than titillated.  what america needs is a voter who is educated sufficiently to make an informed choice between capable candidates rather than choosing the lesser of two evils.  what america needs is to clean house and start over by making this a society of, by and for the people rather than the wealthy and powerful.  yeah, i know pipe dream...  i'll go over here and keep my mouth shut.
dghughes what is your point? if the crew had drank a 40 in between shifts they would have crashed as well.  making pot legal wouldn't make it legal to be high and operating a ferry.  that's what dui laws are for.  so again what was the purpose of your comment?
&gt;president pelosi

not gonna happen.
thanks for the downvote. nothing says i can't defend my position like downvoting without some form of rebuttal.
actually, i learned it while serving in the marine corps. i was allowed to shoot people in iraq(though i preferred not to if possible). it is also good to tell someone what condition a weapon is when handing it off to them. have you ever been to a rifle range? do loud noises scare you? there there, little baby, aunty hillary and uncle guiliani are coming to ban those evil guns. you can sleep well now, precious.
no, i don't think so.
i cant stand people who justify the inequities in the system by saying "well they knew they were breaking the law".  until you have been in their position and have walked in their shoes you have no right to say such things.  i work at a hospital in inner city baltimore and i see first hand what drug addiction does to people.  i also know they have been through more trials than most of us ever have.  they need opportunities and rehabilitation, not jail where they will never be able to get a decent job when and if they ever get out.  after all the vietnam vets who got thrown in jail for pot possession knew they were breaking the law but when that happened in the seventies people stood up and changed things.  why not now? because the people affected are poor and black? 
funny how every single person behind the attack iran camp is jewish...hmmmm.  
bush (the president) has no sex. at least, not since his kids were born. because he doesn't use contraception. edit: actually, that explains a lot.
they own my blog? no?!

then they dont own the media that matters.
unrelated argument.
   people who run corporations have the freedom of speech. they can use their businesses to promote any ideology they wish. this is not a matter of inanimate objects or abstract entities saying things. it's people. people are saying things.

these aren't robots, aliens, or disembodied voices. they are human beings with rights, who just so happen to have acquired vast resources. just because they're more wealthy and have gained more "power" does not mean their freedoms should be limited.
why not? if an american commits a crime in iraq, the iraqi government has a right to try them. by your logic then, an iraqi citizen, or a mexican citizen or any other foreigner should not be allowed to be tried in a us court. 


 follow this conversation thread up by 3 posts. you'll find this previous reply from me to you, which you failed to address:

&gt;why are you making a distinction between a person who sells services, and a person who buys services? regardless of the role these people play in society, their rights must be protected equally. 
i guess he really needed to veto something. it would have been a shame to go 8 years without exercising any executive powers.
so, in other words, "[there ought to be limits to freedom](http://www.rtmark.com/old/more/articles/bushdallas0522bush1bushsite.htm)"?
  they must be a lot better at cooking and cleaning than my normal subservient, pushover wenches. 

another plus is that, with them, all sex is angry sex. 
 bingo. though that *particular* objection to property rights isn't very interesting. or even very good frankly since it's not fundamental.

no, a much better objection is that property rights logically entails slavery. after all, if you "own" yourself then you can sell yourself and of course someone can own *you*.

or that such a system can only be countenanced and supported by totalitarian magical thinkers who need to anthropomorphize non-human physical objects by assigning them all 'owners'.

yet another solid objection is that there does not exist, and there cannot ever exist, any logical justification for the 'taking' of public property into the private sphere.

the notion that anyone "deserves" the product of their labour (when ever human being is a product of millenia of human culture) is utterly fucking risible.

finally, there is the simple observation that ownership, as distinct from possession, is morally repugnant and utterly disgusting.

not that these points will make any impact on americans (a rabble of unwashed masses of beasts in mens shapes) who [hate human rights](http://richardkulisz.blogspot.com/2007/05/americans-vs-human-rights.html).  
i don't know what to say to a poster who has 14963 karma points!  
a poster who seems to on average submit more than 24 posts a day.  
you have a lot of posts that don't get upmodded! 
you do understand how current trends work don't you? iphone, psp, war, ron paul, xkcd, don't have a mafia, they have have waves of interest. if you expecting people to upmod something they don't agree with, well you are in the wrong place. or you should rally for more than just an up/down choice.  
don't take this the wrong way but why do you submit things you don't agree with? sometimes you even submit them twice!  
edit:grammar
 

i agree with ron paul on this point but the fact remains there are other candidates who say the same things without the controversial (nutty) opinions.  why does no one speak about mike gravel here? 
 &gt;if the workers were really in charge...

okay, workers are not in charge. so who is? robots? obviously you're implying that these are not human beings who are in charge, because hopefully you'll realize that human beings have rights, and here you are saying that whoever is in charge of a corporation does not have the same rights as everyone else.

so, robots then? maybe aliens? is it aliens? is rupert murdoch an alien? that's your argument, right? he's an alien, and that's why he doesn't have a right to say whatever he wants to say using the resources of his company. thinking of him as an alien, or even a robot, makes your desire to take away his freedom of speech easier to swallow, right?

or maybe you think corporations run themselves? like, there's a disembodied voice telling the *workers* what to do, what dress code to follow, when they're allowed to have their lunch breaks?

is it a disembodied voice, robots, or aliens? enquiring minds want to know!
fuck yes. reading this article gave me a hard-on. i'm gonna go clean my rifle and inventory my supplies now.
 "today saddam hussein was executed after receiving a *fair* trial - the kind of justice he denied the victims of his brutal regime."\*

george w. bush

\*emphasis mine 
as long as the wheels are spinning people will praise them as heroes. right now it's just a biding of time. they're so confident that people with a strong distaste for republicans will just vote democrat by default.

this is an once in the lifetime opportunity for either a woman or a black guy. 
 to those "protest" voters, who are going to waste their votes so they can "stick it to the man".

because of your choice you will end up with one of the 3 possible presidents. top rep candidate (does not matter who, they are all a disaster), hillary, or obama.

i would understand your position if all these three choices would be equally bad. but they are not. there's a huge difference between republican and hillary. and there's also huge difference between hillary and obama.
the choices are real. and you may not like all of them. but you can participate in making a real change, instead of robbing us another 4 years.
 
but if colbert got the republican nomination in the primaries... why care, he'd lose later on anyway... win-win
gore is not going to run. he cares most about global warming, and if he became president he would have to get the us into kyoto, and i doubt that he could do that, given that all the people with the most money would be against it.
&gt;i support government making it easier for parents to help their kids.

how is that exactly?
best news for the usa (and the world) in quite a while.

smart choice al - you have to hand it to him; picking up the reins george "treason" bush drops will be one muthafuking hard act.

it'd be like parents coming home from a weekend away to a house almost destroyed by teenage kids.
the question is - should we treat reddit as a propaganda system or as an information system?  i upmod articles that i think are informative, whether i agree with the "intent" of them or not.  recently, someone posted an excellent political analysis of al gore's nobel prize, quite critical of him.  though i think he's the best choice for president, i upmodded it.  i have also posted articles demonstrating the marginalization of rp by the msm, even though i disagree with many of his policies and have strong reservations about him becoming president.
   
changing standards to make health care plans cheaper and more affordable for everyone. banning frivolous malpractice lawsuits would be a huge start.
thanks for letting me know, i'll gladly start modding all of your comments down automatically.
actually, they have been called such by reputable networks.

no lawsuits = true though, in your book.

all the things i've read about o'reilly and hannity are true.
 wow, you missed my first post completely. i knew you didnt understand what i was saying, but i didnt know it was that severe. 

what im saying is that each native person killed in iraq by the foreign invaders, who is most likely a muslim will be avenged by their friends and relatives. for each person they kill, that killed persons friends and relatives will rise against the killers. its completely evil for us invaders to kill anyone there and just widens the war, but that may actually be the plan.

google the top secret pentagon plan p2og where they plan to do just that - kill innocents to get real terror attacks to spread the war into more regions and eventually control the whole middle east. 
well, is that so hard to believe?

tell me one single positive thing about any of the other candidates. your pick, democrat, republican, whoever. i think this says more about how awful all the rest are.

(and not totally true, kucinich makes it there every once in awhile, though i agree in general it's only paul.)
&gt; why would anyone think that's even a desirable goal?

they think 'the people' can't be trusted to know what's good for them.
yeah, but he was trying to explain the subterfuge in the legal obfuscation by putting the florida supreme court in a catch-22 position. the idea is to get the "jist" of the decision, and the events surrounding it. this is definitely a good intro to the wide swash of topics during that time.
hadn't until just now. i don't downmod when i disagree, even if the post is inflammatory.

if i wanted to have some sort of mutual wankfest, where everyone believed the exact same things i did, i'd go to dailykos or redstate or somewhere like that.
isn't olberman on nbc?
of course. yours ends where they begin to infringe on mine.
&gt;we'd still be in iraq,

? we're talking about 2000.

and no, if gore was in office, jee the whole point of the last 6 years if you paid attention was seeing how iraq had jack shit to do with 9/11, and the fabrications were part of a neocon initiative to sweep the middle east. this is why the whole thing about "wmd"'s and defense contractors and haliburton, cheney, ... nevermind you dont see the dotted lines..

with plastic and duct tape.
secon-duh'ed.
i am ok with that.
is it so hard to believe that some old guy who talks about pulling troops out of iraq and honoring the constitution would a big hit with semi-educated college kids and the internet?

shoot... perhaps paul's staff sent some stuff to reddit, but the articles sure do generate enough traffic to mean something. =)

even if it is paul's people doing the "spamming", they have support outside of the submitters.
...for me to poop on.
ron paul, because government should be like the internet: free, distributed, and localized where it can do the most good.

also, the wars on drugs, freedom, the dollar, and civil rights will be ended, and much money will be saved. people in prison for drug-related charges will be released and returned to the economy. capable and skilled military personnel will return to school or the economy. people will be free to be capitalists, create wealth, prosper, and enjoy their liberties.

also, with no *income* tax on your earnings, you will feel liberated and the economy will "long tail". imagine having to not report a single cent that your have worked hard to earn. what money a limited government needs to function can still be raised though tariffs and excise taxes.

corporate welfare and insane economic incentives (like farm subsidies) will be ended. there are no "unintended consequences" in a truly free market.

ron paul is the open source candidate, and his viral ideas are like the gpl.

*his spokesman, carl kropf, said redd needs to have both knees replaced.*

it sounds like something happened to both his kneecaps.

that's a shame.


this is why spin-titles are very stupid.  just give a synopsis of the article please.
you know well ron paul is not a "truther," he just wants to do proper investigation. don't you think that "crime of the century" deserves better investigation than clinton's blow job? 

btw i don't know whether you work for bin laden or cheney, just curious why you don't want 911 investigated.
ya ain't seen nuttin' yet.
wow...only the 4th time i've seen this story
is it possible that people who disagree with his controversial positions are voting him down? i.e., the "leftist mafia" rather than the "ron paul mafia"?


1) again, please tell me english is not your first language.
2) voting against internet neutrality was not something intended to make the internet crowd angry. it was something that reflects his view that the government regulates too many things. whether or not people agree with deregulation is another idea entirely.
what does that mean?
i laughed, but serial/contract killer richard "the iceman" kuklinski used to do exactly that.  he'd kill vagrants just to blow off steam so he didn't come home angry to the wife.
 i haven't heard of that system. how exactly would that work? would the candidate that people failed to hate badly enough win? 
no, i am not high, but sure looks like you are.
i think my problem is with your language.  you need to be more specific in your language or you will run into lots of these misunderstandings.  there is no "explosion of evolution."  there is an explosion of life-forms.  also, viruses did not precede these other forms of life- they are actually much younger than bacteria.  i don't mean to be pedantic.  you just sound genuinely interested in this stuff, and i don't want you to come across as uninformed.

anyways, no matter how much you study these processes, you can never really be sure that a supernatural force isn't behind everything.  that's the real kicker.  science can explain pretty much everything you see, but every answer contains another question.  that's the beauty of it.  and the cruelty of it.
worse than that the electoral college has become some sort of entrenched, privileged, backslapping, old boy, network that refuses to budge. 
how about spelling? do you think ron paul is a big fan of that?
stupid jarhead

any moron knows you are suppossed to check a weapon when it's handed to you, no matter what the person says it's condition is. 

this condition crap must be new, it's a term i never heard when i was in the military. i never heard it from any of the cops and others i hung around with when i worked for a class iii dealer.  and quite frankly, it's stupid. it's either loaded or it isn't. if you don't know enough to tell the difference by looking, you shouldn't be touching it. until your own eyeball looks in the chamber, assume it's loaded.
i've seen two accidental discharges in the place i worked, both by people with many years experience, both because they were so full of themselves talking about conditions and shit they forgot the basics. one was a cop and damn near hit the bosses daughter with a 12gauge. 



barack is not spelled barak.
you're a cynic, and that's generally a good thing.  but i think it's important not to confuse cynicism with a clear-eyed view of the world.

your argument that "if everyone bought carbon offsets, the system wouldn't work" only flies if you assume that the financial incentive to reduce one's carbon emissions wouldn't grow substantially.  

the problem with al gore's behavior is that he is not able to solve the problem he is agitating about, and he is not willing to give up the comforts of his life in order to still not solve the problem he is trying to solve.  as far as i am concerned, this is a fake issue.  it is possible to drink tons of coffee - which the consumer consequences quiz identifies as a significant contributor to climate change - and still be trying to save the environment.

the problem we face is not that we do not know any way to stop carbon emissions.  mass genocide, a reversion to an agricultural society, the reversal of globalization, the banning of automobiles - all of these measures would surpass the goals of kyoto by far.

the problem that gore and others who are trying to come up with policies to fix this problem are dealing with is how to reduce carbon emissions without asking everyone to give up too much of the joys and comforts in their lives.  

you act as if it is impossible to own a mansion and want to reduce carbon emissions.  and i see the conflict there - it is clear.  but the conflict to me is not in the fact that al gore owns a mansion, but that despite taking numerous measures to reduce his own carbon emissions, he still is producing a significant amount.  this is not simply al gore's problem.  it is our society's and world community's problem.  would we be complaining about his energy usage if his energy was provided by a nuclear power plant?  should he stay home instead of flying to give his presentation because staying home will have less of an environmental impact?  that argument has been made as well.  

his personal actions do nothing but support the measures he believes will be able to halt  climate change.  he believes in innovation, free markets, and public policy.  he is supporting innovation and free markets with his carbon offsets, and purchasing what measures he can to reduce the energy his house uses; i'm sure he's also invested in something to combat climate change; he's also supported the policies of different businesses whose board he is on to reduce emissions.  and he is traveling around the world, making a movie, etcetera in order to try to change public opinion and public policy regarding this issue.

you can take the position that al gore would serve his cause better by living in a medium-sized house and only campaigning about climate change locally (within biking distance).  but he is not a hypocrite as his actions do not contradict his beliefs or go against his proposed solutions.
page not found.
we are all distantly related.

to every other living thing.


that is what they said about bush and look where that got us. "but he says what he means and he means what he says!".

it is funny to think that healthcare and consumer protection is considered by the right as the global super nuclear worst case scenario. when billions down the tube, an unstable middle east, a super accelerating gap between the rich and the poor, and a ruined environment sit here staring us in the face. yep, pay no attention to what is really going on around you, we're at war dam it! 
&gt; is there a state-operated camera in your bedroom?

well dammit, they *said* they were from the government. now i'm not so sure...
yep :) its an excellent film
ron paul is right.  "campaign finance reform” is sold as helping to reduce the influence of money on washington politics but instead it does the opposite.  it impoverishes the candidates and makes it impossible for them to gather enough resources to push debates on issues.  instead campaigns have devolved into popularity contests based on sound bites, a system where incumbents have a huge advantage over a free system.  money starved candidates spend half their time in office fund raising.  each day he's fund raising is a day he can legally be bought off.

since campaign finance reform has been instituted, incumbency rates have skyrocketed.  you pretty much have to molest boys to lose a seat in congress these days.  without fear of losing elections, politicians are free to ignore the will of the people and simply do whatever will make them the most money for their next campaign.  
how do they infringe on your freedoms? what freedoms? you were never guaranteed the freedom of low prices.
concur: iran is absolutely no threat to the usa.

unless you want to talk about oil trading in euros. then yeah, iran can hurt the us economy.

trouble is, bush doesn't make that distinction, and doesn't care either.
it was for 30 rock fans.  move along.
 don't get me wrong, we inspected all weapons before and after passing them off.

out of curiosity, what was your branch of service and what years did you serve? were you active or reserve?
he's not just the editor. he's also the publisher. and he published these statements under his own name.

and i believe the record shows that for a long time he defended these comments.

&gt;in spite of calls from gary bledsoe, the president of the texas state conference of the naacp, and other civil rights leaders for an apology for such obvious racial typecasting, paul stood his ground. he said only that his remarks about barbara jordan related to her stands on affirmative action and that his written comments about blacks were in the context of "current events and statistical reports of the time." 

http://www.everything2.com/index.pl?node_id=377205

only much, much later did he begin claiming that some other nameless person had written them.
by the way, i like a *lot* of things rp has to say.  i am by no means flatly against him.  i've even been swayed at times into support; i like many of his positions better than many of the mainstream dem candidates.  were reddit to be taken over by an obama-mafia, i'd probably be posting some contrarian things about him.
death penalty for bad grammar.
"i mean, do you guys actually do any research before condemning people? it's sort of a prerequisite for having a credible opinion. maybe that's just me."

well said. i get that impression around here often. 
i don't think so.  i've observed that unpopular statements by widely despised figures are strongly upmodded, so i interpret the downmodding of rp's controversial ideas (which i clearly highlight in the title) as a vote of suppression.  i also get that impression by the downmods all my comments (no matter how mild-mannered) and even unrelated posts get after such a submission.  

perhaps we should do a vote here?
**giuliani scarier than ron paul!**

there, is that out loud enough?
no victim. no crime.

this is not a complicated concept.
 i'd never say such a thing. 
ok, understood.  thanks for the explanation.
interesting perspective.  

but -- couldn't good campaign finance laws get around these issues.  a problem with the libertarian analysis in general is that it a bit insular.  it doesn't take into account the success of semi-socialist strategies in other highly successful western democracies. 

my sense is that other countries (canada is one i know) have stronger campaign finance laws, and enjoy less influence. of course; canada and europe simply don't have the same economic heat, so perhaps it's a bad comparison.

hey, fuck off, noob! didn't i warn you what would happen to you if you hunted me down in comment threads? also, why are you reading another ron paul story on reddit? why am i? 
 possibly because ron paul raised $5m the hard way (~$40 at a time).  i don't know how much gravel has raised (or kucinich, to mention another gadfly from the left), but i'm pretty sure it's not even in the same ballpark.  ron paul is extremely relevant in this campaign, and becoming moreso by the day.  i think gravel is great--speaks his mind, we know where he stands, seems to be honest, etc.  but he's not terribly newsworthy on a national scale at this point in time...sure, an article here and there is fine (and i first heard of gravel right here on reddit), but ron paul is making a lot of people nervous.  the neo-cons are seeing the pro-peace, fiscally conservative, wing of the party rise again, and they don't like it.  those of us who think goldwater was the last great republican, and there are many of us, are happy to see it. 
i suppose they give and receive more cunnilingus. and that's better for them.

vote up if you **approve** of posting submissions which publicize ron paul's controversial positions.  (don't downmod if you disagree, please since that can obscure this text)  
vote up if you **disapprove** of posting submissions which publicize ron paul's controversial positions.  (don't downmod if you disagree, please since that can obscure this text)    
vote up if you **agree** with ron paul on campaign finance reform.


(don't downmod if you disagree, please since that can obscure this text)
   
vote up if you **disagree** with ron paul on campaign finance reform.

(don't downmod if you disagree, please since that can obscure this text)
  
army, infantry. 3id near the fulda gap for 3 years in the mid 80's. another 2 years in the guard, combat engineer.

and the stupid jarhead comment was for assuming that i was anti-gun becuase i made fun of gun people. i am one myself and think that people who sit around arguing about stupid shit like that are laughable. it doesn't surprise me that this is a military creation, probably some asshat officer in aberdeen got bored one day and decided to rewrite an fm. 


++ for content, -- for title.
&gt;you can see that they are pretty uniformly good.

sounds like you've already made up your mind without discussion.
according to christopher's brother peter, the hitchens boys are 1/32nd jewish, so christopher claiming to be jewish matters insofar as he's delusional.  ~ a man who rejects belief in god will believe anything, including imagining that he's from a lost tribe of god's chosen people.~
congress not found
hey there, babblingpoet. thank you for taking the time for such a lengthy and thoughtful series of responses. i was actually thinking of this discussion the two of us are having earlier tonight as i slowly walked away from a speech by one of the authors of [break through: from the death of environmentalism to the politics of possibility ](http://www.amazon.com/break-through-environmentalism-politics-possibility/dp/0618658254/ref=sr_1_1/104-2499225-1961556?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1192668204&amp;sr=8-1). 

i think you and al gore would like this guy's basic premises, suggestions and arguments. (and i mean that in the most sincere, non-snarky way.) essentially, his position is that the politics of doom, gloom, disaster and despair will never fix the problem of global warming. he suggests that the fundamental problem of environmentalism to date has been a plethora of aramagedon scenarios berift of solutions. he advocates encouraging big business to make megabucks solving the problem, ... even if individuals in the corporations don't agree with the whole concept of global warming, but only understand it as a way to make a profit. actually, rather than badly try to paraphrase him, i'll let you look into it to draw conclusions. i didn't have enough cash with me to buy one of the books available tonight, but i think i'll order it either as a book or audio cd.

incidently, if you should read that amazon bio on shellenberger and then try to click on the link to his organization, i think the amazon link is wrong. that goes to a breast cancer institute. shell's co is [here at thebreakthrough.org](http://www.thebreakthrough.org/)

he makes some valid points. i think he misses a lot in terms of the implications of finite resources and is maybe a bit naive about what happens when you dangle large amounts of government subsidies in front of people in a cap and trade type arrangement. 

ok, onto your comments. yup, i'm a cynic. (and a curmudgeon, and an asshole, too.)

coffee- if anyone needs proof that one can be extremely concerned with the environment and yet still have quite a penchant for imported beans, that would be me. yeah, that consumer consequences thingee has it's flaws. for instance, if you live alone, even in a very modest apt or townhouse, or if you commute much at all it dings you pretty hard, even if you drive a high mileage gassaver. i think the main point is to get people aware of a series of interconnected problems like how far our food is shipped, as well as more traditional energy conservation measures. 
almost everything you submit is about ron paul.  you are weird.
this is a nazi country with the biggest lie ever told in the history of mankind - the bill of rights
i don't argue about it. i really don't use it anymore at ranges, i just say what it is. but since everyone was taught that it helped out in making explaining a situation easier. it is also nice to be able to tell someone what the condition of a weapon is with a hand signal in the event that there is a lot of noise (which isn't uncommon in iraq.)

also, the cold war ended a looooong time ago. tactics change.
ggyh2: go back to the 5th grade man. learn how to write **and** read. i hope you are enjoying your $8 an hour life.
 i'd like to see this "study". the possible interpretations of the word "feminist" or so incredibly broad that some are practically mutually exclusive. if their inclusion set was merely based on asking women if they're feminists, this would hardly be a true assessment.

the only reason i mention this is because my own personal experience with "real" feminist friends (and by "real", i mean those who stand very firmly behind their principles, and those principles are well fleshed-out based on several years' worth of rumination and self-examination (as opposed to parroting some talking points)) flies directly in the face of the results of this study; they have had nothing but unsatisfying relationships ever since i've known them. this applies to separate groups i know on both the west and east coasts.

i would be keen to read the actual wording of the questionnaires for this study. something here just doesn't feel right. 
nope, i want the death penalty reserved for parking violations and really bad puns.
wrong, in the past week i've seen it hit twice, without mentioning paul. one was a link to his appearance on colbert, and the other escapes me at the moment. something to do with democrats being complicit if they didn't vote to impeach.
  reddit is what it is, the first line of my very first post states very clearly that i think you have done yourself a disservice by self-censoring, nose meet knife.  
i think all contrarion views should be posted, and voted on, mob rule as they say. i don't think anyone should self-censor out of spite, it is just as silly as calling opposing voices "a mafia".  
&gt; i don't "work" for cheney. i am cheney

nah, cheney isn't half as dumb...
look him up. he has a news show on at the same time as o'reilly, and often calls him the worst person in the world, and comes up with specific accusations and criticisms.

he doesn't target just him, limbaugh and hannity, and to a lesser extent coulter, they all seem to get it.

i don't know how biased, or that every last scrap of what he says is true... but the truth is, they've never sued him. either it's true because they fail to sue, or you might want to consider that paul wouldn't sue either despite it being false.

more important things than getting caught up in a pissing match... like becoming a real candidate here before the primaries start. i think he's going to lose, but come in at a strong second place, if i had to guess.
glad this article made #1. this one of the biggest problems with our flawed criminal system. the gap between crack and powdered cocaine is staggering.  it is very much an attack on the poor and underclass.  california where i live has the #2 most prisoners in the world only behind the united states federal government. it puts things in prospective for us. and good majority of these prisoners are in drug related crimes and/or have mental illness.
first, you clearly did not understand the single question of mine that you answered here.

how is it that a human being could be absolutely evil? 

i was obviously not requesting an example of a type of person that was absolutely evil.  but your response does get points for pithiness.  a few points must be deduced for  reading comprehension though.

second, as for your point about my confusing empathy and sympathy: i did not.  you clearly lack an understanding of one of the keys qualities by which you seek to disenfranchise or exterminate people with.  your anti-definition of empathy is incorrect.  empathy is commonly defined as "understanding and entering into another's feelings", or some close variation.  it is a translation of the german term einfühlung meaning the state of being ‘in tune with’ another person.  you take a colder view of the word - suggesting it does not suggest any connection, any caring.  based on the definition and etymology, you are clearly wrong.

even if you choose to define empathy in whatever manner you please, it seems a tad irrational to consider murder for the sake of amusement to be an altruistic impulse.

and you yourself seem to have confused the your definition of empathy and the world's in your first statement: 
"one does not need to employ empathy all of the time and be some kind of self-sacrificing self-flagellating martyr."
what about "understand[ing] people's inner selves, yet also not giv[ing] a rat's ass" would lead one to self-sacrifice?  

i will take your invocation of a "self-flagellating martyr"  as an beautifully irrational burst of poetry at the end of a statement in which you use the word empathy correctly.

finally, when you were willing to respond to my initial questions i was impressed with your answers, despite the inconsistencies.  your response was unique and showed some real flair and intelligence.  but as the game has apparently become less fun and a bit more challenging, you seem to be opting out.  you seem not to grasp what i believe is one of the defining experiential problems of all-time, and especially our own: the essential other-ness of others.

in my life, i have always been able to recognize those people who are more intelligent or more skilled than i am.  sometimes, my acknowledgment has been grudging and private, but i have always known.  although my sample of your thought is limited, it seems clear you are not.  at the very least, you have deluded yourself into believing your thoughts are somehow beyond ordinary comprehension.  or perhaps, you are just playing a game.  either way, i am disappointed.  

but perhaps, after you graduate high school - as valedictorian i hope, you'll be able to experience a wider range of the world and perhaps you'll be less concerned about unique viewpoints and more concerned about correct ones.
dunno. we're so damn close, don't give up now.
i'll get to actually responding to your statements later.  but i'm familiar with the book having heard the authors inverviewed on npr.  i thought they were a bit too smug and their premise a bit too coy, but the message - that i liked.

the book is on my list, and some day soon, i hope i'll get to it.
hardly out of spite - mostly just as a joke responding to the frustration of the mob's less than even-handed treatment of rp articles.  i was a bit inspired by andy kauffman subjecting himself to the vote which ultimately banned him from saturday night live.
yes.
that was entirely not the response i expected. i read things too combatatively.

**thank you** for surprising me. :)
issues? what issues?
we're voting for the same candidate, if i'm not mistaken.

still, how do you ban malpractice lawsuits, without banning the legit ones?

there may be many frivolous suits out there, but the solution isn't to ban people from filing suit... how can anyone decide if it's legit, if it can't ever even be filed?
so much to hate about the new reddit.

&gt; do i have the right to voice my opinion about loony congressman or only ron paul's paid campaign staffers have the right to spam this, and other boards?

i've seen people use reddit comments like a bullhorn, blaring the same comment over and over again on any submission of any relevance to ron paul. i have not seen this in *favor* of ron paul; i have not seen it about any other candidate.  this historyless, bill-murrey-in-groundhog-day pseudoparticipation in reddit comments, it doesn't amuse me.
&gt;i thought they were a bit too smug and their premise a bit too coy

agreed. it was a flaw talked about afterward in more than one group. i chalked it up to youthful enthusiasm. however, i did wonder quite a bit about the motivations behind some of the overall premise. call me a cynic, (again ;-), but i did wonder if the goal wasn't for a couple of reasonably young guys to figure out a way to get rich attempting a shotgun wedding between environmentalism and big money capitalism. 
it should be up for the states to decide.
roe vs. wade is based on sound constitutional principles, such as "ooh it would be bad to keep this outlawed"
that australian article was already on reddit. it's source, some douchebag in a forum who made it up.
admit it, it's nice to see a highly involved spammer :d
sorry, but you did not go back far enough: this was what you first wrote:

    but, anyways, yeah, the democrats have been
    skirting constitutionalism ever since fdr 
    discovered you could buy votes with new 
    deal programs.

it was that "discovered you could buy votes" that i responded to.


  &gt;people scream and yell when a drug company makes a drug to manage a disease that damages you. then some kid at a rave pops an ecstasy pill and dies because it fried their brain and nobody blinks an eye.

apples and oranges.  you can have legitimate comparisons between the two, but if you pretend that they are the same thing when you do compare them its just silly.  

pharmaceuticals have strict safety regulations.  mdma is sold on the black market and probably made in someone's basement.  my point being that we expect people not to die from prescription drugs, if someone dies on a recreational drug they should have been aware of the dangers before taking it.  
ha! you fell for teh fakers with your article about 'senator' paul. don fear de bots!  
http://fredthompsonforum.com/showthread.php?p=15046

to wage battle against the xtian pretard sheeple, i think.
basically, it would kind have been like under clinton. a continuation of the federal surplus(!) we *probably* would have avoided 9/11, afghanistan, iraq, etc. (besides minor spats of international peacekeeping missions and the occasional week long military engagements) and of course, the right wingers would be up in arms and crying bloody murder etc.

but yeah, we wouldn't have known what we would could have been under bush, which is a queer bit of non-existent ignorance.
anyone who receives a "peace award" from bush and pelosi has to be a hypocrite. 

and if he was anything of a buddhist he wouldn't accept it -- buddists preach "non-attachment". 

so he shows himself to be a fake and a bullshit artist -- the chinese are right -- he is.  
&gt;**how george bush stole election 2000**

&gt;"al, this is david boies of boies, schiller &amp; flexner llp, america's richest trial lawyers. i apologize for calling so late, but this won't wait."

&gt;"look, i know you've already conceded, but i've been talking to some folks in florida and they think they can find enough extra votes down there to give you the state in a recount."

&gt;"just a recount in volusia, palm beach, broward, and miami-dade counties, though."

&gt;"if it goes statewide our people will be spread too thin to keep things under control."

&gt;"do you want to give it a try? at this point you've got nothing to lose."

&gt;"that's great, al. i'll give 'em a call and we'll get this show on the road."

&gt;"call bush right away to let him know you've changed your mind."

&gt;"on second thought, call a press conference first."

&gt;"talk to you later, mr. president." 
it's ok trengbu, i feel you ;)
what about congress?

oh right, the lowest in history. 11%

bush is still higher! lmao
also, to add to comments below --pure mdma is incredibly safe if consumed in a safe environment.  about 10 years ago abc news actually did a piece on how ecstasy is way safer than most people think.  and i agree with the poster below that the ship operators should receive the same penalty that they would if they were drunk.  it wasn't the pot's fault that they were jackasses.
 so romney can spend as much of his own money on his campaign as he wants, but some other well-healed individual with dissenting views can't support a candidate? mccain-feingold handed the country to the rich and the party establishment.  
 &gt;the iq is lower here then any where else on the net.

have you read any youtube comments lately? 
 apples and oranges? pot for "medicinal use" is an example used often to try and sway people to vote to legalize it.

 my point is the reaction of people to ingesting a chemical substance should be the same since it all goes into your body. it shouldn't matter to you where it came from if you're at the point of swallowing it you should damn well want to know it's safe.
that carries the assumption that the only way of expressing public will is voting. over a million people took to the streets in london... before the iraq war even happened. it took about 6 years after the war had started for people to protest over vietnam.

about a year ago i was involved in a greenpeace action in london... and i had the scary job, which was to stand in trafalgar square and hand out leaflets, talking to people and explaining why we were mounting this protest.

the response we got was incredibly positive - everyone from teengers to grandmothers were congratulating us etc - and really the subject of the protest was pretty obscure. they just seemed to like the fact that we were standing for something good.

i think this period in history is unique because the majority of human beings on the planet have become politicised... and politicians aren't representing them, and people know it.
ok, here is a unrequested tip. andy kaufmann used loaded language to make audiences feel very uncomfortable, it was his thing, and i loved him for, especially from afar but you  lace your language with terms like "fearless leader" and "mafia" to disparage others who are here for the very same reason as you, to participate.  
51% agree, democracy is great!
i tried to point this out, that the big corps liked it, so something must be funny.

no one believed me.

we don't need "universal coverage". we need real insurance that is dead cheap, and covers catastrophic illness/injury.

if it only costs $2 a month, and on the off chance your kid comes down with leukemia, it's all paid for.

once you stop using your insurance to pay for 30-50% of the $30 antibiotics that a more common illness requires, well, maybe routine health care would become cheaper.
as a fan of paul, and a subscriber to the randian school of thought, his view on abortion does not leave me feeling right.  

but if you put the principles i agree with, they far out weigh the ones i disagree with.


what we need, to accomplish this, is to abolish  health **insurance** altogether, saving catastrophic accident insurance. this sounds inhumane, but the only way to make costs manageable for people is to ensure that the people themselves are the ones who pay. anything else eliminates the consumer/purchaser  link -- and when you do that, costs skyrocket.

but you're essentially dead-on correct.
 what puzzles me even more is that one of of every nine americans thinks the reid/pelosi congress is doing a good job by obstructing, demagoging and lying.  

oh, and trying to destroy private citizens like rush limbaugh.
   i'm part of the "ron paul mob". and i can assure you, my numerous posts and comments are in no way canned or automatic. i've never even talked to another ron paul supporter, whether in person or on reddit. we don't collude and, if i come across as a fanatic, it's because i'm intensely focused on the politics of our nation right now. i spend way more time on reddit and other forums than i can easily justify to my wife.

i've never felt this way about a candidate before. partly because i've never come across a candidate with such a clear and intelligent message, with such obvious integrity. but mainly because our country has never before sunk to such desperate lows, at the brink of something much worse, where a single long-shot presidential candidate seems to be our only hope.

if we don't elect ron paul (or possibly al gore), i swear to god, i don't think our warmongering will stop until we nuke somebody and the rest of the world rises up against us. our "tier one" candidates are scaring the living crap out of me, talking about bombing third world countries without getting the approval of congress and leaving "all the options on the table". and don't get me started on our national debt and the way we're paying for all the aggressive warmongering on "credit". you think the housing market and dollar crash is bad now... just wait.

so i upvote pro-ron paul articles, and downvote the anti-ron paul articles. but not always. i always downvote something poorly written, and always upvote something that's well written--even if i disagree with it. but it's just me. no army of bots. no scripts. just me and thousands of other readers who understand what's going on in our country.

   
"the base", apparently still 1 in 4 people, are clearly irrational. they approve of him despite all the damage he's wrought, because he's their horse-ridin' son-of-a-gun good-ole-boy.

you could quite literally present them a rotten cheese with a republican label as the sole conservative candidate, and they'd vote for it.


that should account for all 45 voting-age ron paul supporters.
it's a blog with a dry sense of humor. deal.
lol. wrong for rush to destroy an investigative reporter trying to destroy rush.

but it is totally ok for the reporter to destroy rush.

those who live in glass houses...
how low can congress go? congress at 11%. all time low.
i think we're talking the same thing, aren't we?

it's absurd to think that anyone could ever hope to afford it, if your kid or wife needs chemo, or an organ transplant, or what have you.

if it happens when you're 50, you might manage to pay for it by using up all your retirement savings, but any younger, and they croak.

you do need insurance for that. and since it happens so rarely, it oughtta be cheap, and yet it oughtta cover everything. period.
that was truman right? oh, wait he was a democrat.
this just proves that anti-ron paul reddit trolls have no idea what it means to be a supporter of the constitution. read the article, abudabu, because it's obvious you haven't.
yeah. we're talking the same.
hiring judges who don't award people 2 mil for spilling hot coffee on themselves would be a great start.
but "how does that make you feel?"  in economic terms, the media has an informational advantage and use this to spin their approach -- in ron paul's case, it is repeating and repeating and repeating the subtle insinuation that he is a child, they will tear him down through gratuitous condescension.
you may be part of the mob, but you're not part of the mafia.  i'm referring to the folks who reflexively downmod articles.  

    &gt;how can anyone decide if it's legit, if it can't ever even be filed?

the [english rule](http://tinylink.com/?rfm5s1gqsm): require all plaintiffs/lawyers who lose their lawsuits to pay the court costs and lawyer fees of the defendants.

that wouldn't allow your lawyer friends like john edwards, who made his millions suing hospitals and driving up costs for us all, to ca$h in, though, so i'm sure you'd be against it.      
as lesbians.
the problem with regulation, is that only law-abiding people will adhere to it.  this can be applied to campaign finance reform, gun control, drugs, etc.  campaign finance reform is terrible because it's just about impossible to make it "fair" through regulation, it impedes on personal liberties, and the people who would be considered the "abusers" will just find a way around it.

never assume that creating laws fixes problems.
that's not a malpractice suit though.

malpractice is a lawsuit against a doctor (or possibly a nurse or certified therapist) where they claim that gross negligence leads to death or crippling.

just how could you limit it to keep people from filing suit for bullshit, without also keeping them from filing suit if an obstretician shows up drunk and gets your wife and baby killed?
&gt; it's pretty stupid to assume that if all drugs were legal, crack would be the one of choice. it is cheap and easy to acquire, though.

crack is the topic here. i'll spare you the offensive "duh!", though you've shown yourself to be deserving of it.

&gt; the majority of people do no more work than the bare minimum, regardless.

huh? then the 40-50 hours most people work is  the bare minimum *for what* exactly?

we should really be getting by on 10-12 hours a week by now.


&gt; that wouldn't allow your lawyer friends like john edwards

nice, but even if i were voting for a democrat, it'd be gravel or kucinich.

that rule has its problems too. not everyone loses a suit because their case wasn't meritorious. knowing that theirs a chance that you will lose can discourage you from filing suit even when you should. it will discourage lawyers from even accepting your case, locking you out of the court system entirely.
project the final result of that.

what do you see?
agree;  there are a lot of good things about rp and his candidacy.  i'm strongly in favor of him making his case, especially about a return to constitutional government, his anti-war policies, and his views on lobbyists, the federal reserve, i could go on.  he's a real hero. i think he's much stronger than *any* of the leading dems on several issues which are really important to me.  however, i think there are several positions which are quite radical (and consistent with his principled libertarian philosophy) which i vehemently disagree with.  his view on campaign finance reform is one; his view on property rights, social programs, civil rights, and global warming are others.  

i do think it is very important that rp get a fair hearing in the msm (which he hasn't).  and the anemic democratic leadership should take lessons from him on what it means to have meaningful political principles.  

i feel all these things, but also think it's important to illuminate his controversial positions.  when i've posted what i think are interesting, important and controversial articles, written by ron paul himself, they get strongly downmodded.  typically there is some upmodding, then a "wave" of downmods.  it's this behavior that i attribute to "the mafia".  i've never seen this happen with any of my other posts.   positive but less substantial or controversial rp articles get easy upmods, for instance.
a few of us 'get it'.

doesn't look good, does it.
he's not being a dolt.  national politics are far more complicated than 'sick of the same dimension in dc.'

i, for one, like both paul and kucinich, however, their major viewpoints, aside from the war, make them polar opposites.
made me chuckle. thanks.
i understand that wasn't malpractice. what it is is an example of the stupidity that exists in our court system.

as far as figuring out a way to separate the bullshit cases from the legitimate ones, we'll figure out a way. we're fucking americans. we invented the light bulb and kicked the shit out of the nazis. we've been having a bad streak for the last few years, but i am pretty confident we'll get over it.
hope springs eternal.
powerful 
so do big campaign money and corporate-owned government.  honestly, the blind faith you have in the "free (for the highest bidder) market" astounds and saddens me.

this administration effectively gave the people that ran enron a free pass to do what they wanted.  and how did that work out for everybody? 

this administration has already illustrated exactly what happens when you let the industry regulate itself.  and i don't know if you've been paying attention, but it hasn't been pretty.  

never underestimate the short-term profit motive!
   actually on second thought i agree with some of what he said, specifically this: "by far the most powerful lobby in washington of the bad sort is the israeli government and that the goal of the zionist movement is to stifle criticism."  a candidate with the sense to believe that and courage to speak it will get my vote as long as there isn't something otherwise ridiculous about his/her platform.  if you call that anti-semitic, i say qed.
the inescapable fact that i am a complete misanthrope? 
  [interlocking directorates](http://www.bellevuelinux.org/interlocking_directorship.html) are another big problem.

*the term interlocking directorship in its strictest sense refers to the situation in which a member of the board of directors of one corporation also serves as a member of the board of directors of another corporation. *  
it's called conflict of interest.  no private organization would stand for that.  the public should be afforded the same right.
"what have the nazis ever done for us?"
did hillary clinton break the law by listening to illegally recorded cell phone conversations?
he did.
i feel the holocaust-type "never forget" slogan is particularly apt as a million arabs died as a result of this decision.
two months before the iraq invasion, lindauer told senior  bush officials this:  "using your own act of war, osama and his cohort will irrevocably divide the hearts and minds of the arab street from moderate governments in islamic countries that have been holding back the tide. power to the people, what we call “democracy,” will secure the rise of fundamentalists."  for her service, she was arrested, put away, and then the government tried to force her to take heavy duty medication.  that's the thanks you get.  she refused and was freed by her judge.  now she's talking, for our benefit.
   what a fake dream.  maybe ron paul is actually a secret communist/trekkie who believes in a world without money.  back in reality, draining the swamp means having more publicly financed campaigns and limiting/eliminating donations from organizations and capping individual donations while keeping records open for public review.  

short of that, you are just asking for politicians to be bought by the highest bidder.   
what a bunch of drivel. no we are not.
that's not the question - because it's an entirely silly one: of course you will "survive". you think bushies are gonna kill you? maybe taser you to death? i admit, that sounds possible - but hardly "likely".

no, the real issue is that he has stolen the future prosperity of your children and your grandchildren. whereas, after clinton, you might have expected that your kids would inherit a better world than you, this is no longer the case - they will inherit a world (read as "amerika") loaned to the chinese at 5%.

the chinese are going to want their money back, and it's your kids and grandkids who will foot the bill.

make no mistake - this isn't a question of survival, it's a question of living standards for the next 40 years.
according to the reuters story by matt spetalnick as reproduced here by washington post, bush "warned that a nuclear-armed iran could lead to world war iii." and this was not in some secret memo, but during a white house press conference the day after putin's speech in tehran. if i were optimistic, i would say that when he said "we've got a leader in iran who has announced that he wants to destroy israel, so if you're interested in avoiding world war iii, it seems like you ought to be interested in preventing them from having the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon", what he wreally was announcing to the world that the us would exhaust all possible means of preventing it short of war before applying the military option. but i don't know if i have that kind of optimism left in me. the world is a pretty fucked up place -- but most people in it are pretty decent -- but the bloated rats we've let float up to the surface in our political and economic leaderships will do anything to hang on to their privilege. and that's what's going on here. that's wha the bush-gore families are. going from under-privileged to privileged is still possible in the usa. that's not what is at issue here. and i'm not arguing that everything the privileged do is bad and i don't believe that we should ban wealth and the lawful accumulation of riches. i will however argue that the social damage done by the whole dynamic around those 2% is killing this country. i know i'll sound like an old fart for saying this, but i think the whole obsession with the paparazzi/reality-show in the united states and in britain and increasingly everywhere else is a drain on our economy, on our intellectual and scientific life, and on our collective ability to think clearly.
we could also just move to an approval voting system.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/approval_voting
dear gods, what i wouldn't give to experience that little bit of ignorance.
the best explanation i've seen (not sure where..?) was that gore's aiming for the next election after the current one for two reasons.

first, his main followers tend to be young, and many are below the voting age. they can't vote now, but in 5 years time...

second, whoever takes over from bush is going to have one hell of a time cleaning up the mess. this means they're going to have to work really hard just to avoid looking ineffective or, worse, just like the status quo.

so, wait 5 years, let a large group of supporters mature, and let someone else deal with bush's crap, and then sweep in to glorious victory.
this stuff is getting stupid and tedious.
i actually agree with you there, 100%.

look, i don't agree with everything dr. paul offers, but i agree with a bulk of it and am impressed by his principles. which is more than i've been able to say about many candidates lately.

that being said, rp has said that he doesn't understand net neutrality.. but that he's worried it is regulation which will lead to lobbyists. i understand where he is coming from, and truly believe that if he understood the workings of the internet he would change his tune.
they engage in that risky behavior because typically they get bailed out by either the government or the federal reserve or with some new loan, in the mean time the executives walk away with millions. enron is actually the exception, they got caught, and because of the sheer magnitude of their ineptitude it was politically impossible to help them in any public way. 

but these sorts of things go on all the time... if every case  ended like enron, they would stop happening.   government interference (bail-outs) and corruption (lax enforcement of legitimate laws) creates an incentive to steal. 
i hope tiller goes to jail and the clinic is slapped with a huge fine.
upmodded for weird humor.
google it and you'll find the reason (look for opposing oppinions, of course.)
that's one episode of *sliders* i would love to see.
danny boy, you are a hoot...
um, what makes you think that clinton was any better?

the trade deficit was still there. he was busily ruining whatever industry we had left. he was spending your grandchildren's money too.

and don't even start about how he balanced the budget... if your redneck abusive father comes home from the track claiming he's got the credit cards licked because he won at the track today, that's not the same as a balanced budget. sure, there's plenty of money that day, but next week, the balances still aren't paid, and he's not going to win twice.

the dotcom bubble burst, and those revenues were never going to happen again. ever.
.... and the wealthy families/corporations that fund them.
it's also his infrastructure policy. 
you're absolutely right.  the thing then is just what heck qualifies as "recreational".

last i looked, enron collapsed.  and if you think regulation would have prevented that you're wrong.  a good board is full of crooks and cheats who know how to always find holes.  the other sad reality is that the more rules you put in place the more holes you create.  for example: the u.s. tax system.
well thankfully israel is more safe.
1. perpetual power.
 
2. easier to reward their benefactors. 

3. greed.

4. megalomania/hubris.
the aqueduct^wautobahn?
as a distant observer i must agree.
de bats is actually a real professor in some loser tier z school in australia. obviously, of all the political scientists everywhere, the australians know the most about the us political process.

if you look long enough, you can find some borderline academic type that will say what it is you want to say.
 lest it remain buried and possibly unread in the middle of the article, i have decided to reproduce my favorite part of this decision here, a quote from stevens' dissent which i think every american should know and think about:

&gt;justice john paul stevens (republican appointed by ford): "although we may never know with complete certainty the identity of the winner of this year's presidential election, the identity of the loser is perfectly clear. it is the nation's confidence in the judge as an impartial guardian of the rule of law." 
when you let industry write the regulations this is what you get.  regulations aren't inherently evil and you (the individual) benefit from quite a few in your daily routine whether you choose to recognize this or not.

too much regulation is bad.  too little is bad.  
so are they all crazy or just acting?
that's like saying "i'm gonna vote for michael dukakis because he wears a calculator watch!"

clearly your point system isn't worth very much.
reporting this for a virus attempt. it tries to install an .exe.
this is what happens when the population is 'dumbed' down...
i'm not sure that that is such a good idea.

the system we have at the moment is a delicate balance (checks balances etc) between various govenmental elements and the 4th estate.

if you replace representative democracy with referarenda then you're massively increasing the power of the opinion-shapers... the 4th estate.

in addition to this, jerry-springer-level newspapers and tv would be constantly raising emotive issues that were successfully debated and dealt with decades ago and frankly don't need re-opening. there would be a never-ending situation where you'd have to be explaining to morons why the death-penalty doesn't work, and shouldn't be brought back.
i agree - how can we make that happen?
i agree :)  so many real democracies do it already.
all of a sudden you've discovered the definition of "possible" ... congratulations, you've passed grade 1.
lol, when i looked at your comment, it said "swimmerstud 9 points 11 hours ago".
&gt;perpetual power.

that's the part of it i don't get. nothing is perpetual. operating within the legal system it's 4-8 years. assuming martial law is declared, it's still limited by lifetimes. can none of these meglomanics understand basic karma? what goes around comes back around. are they really prepared to simply hand over this much power? and if they're not, what happens when it's simply taken from them? history is rife with similar stories. did none of these experts actually acquaint themselves with history or it's inevitable conclusions?  i guess if one thinks oneself/party is *above the law*, one might, conceivably think oneself above natural law, but talk about hubris ... 
clinton invaded iraq?
yeah that was it... you must have me all figured out.  
i agree. i hate that rhetorical technique of pretending to ask yourself questions.
bill o'reilly called ron paul a pinhead on his 'patriots and pinheads' segment tonight because ron paul had the audacity to try to give bill "americans committed malmedy" o'reilly a history lecture.
...descriptive words about the administration.
you know, it's still possible that some couldn't afford even insurance as cheap as that. or that they couldn't afford routine medical care.

i think in such cases, i'd have little problem with there actually being some sort of welfare to extend coverage to those people.
then why can't he just explain it in well organized paragraphs like a normal human being? this multiple personality shit is tough to read.
he knows.  "submitted" is likely a multiple of "dannykeithjames."  
really?

why do you bother, if he can't win?

why is he so much worse than giuliani, or hillary, or obama?
slightly tangential i know, but i tend to see stalinism as a type of personallity cult that shares a lot of the destructive characteristics of religion.

as sam harris says - the stalinist era wasn't exactly suffering from an overabundance of reason.

i'd actually quite like to reframe the whole concept of atheism - away from something that is a negative (ie: non-religious) towards something that is positive (eg: reality-embracing). 
simply misleading....the article does not give hitler an approval rating of 25%.  instead, it asks those surveyed if they agree with the following:

"national socialism had positive aspects such as 'the highway system, elimination of unemployment, low criminality rate and the encouragement of the family'."

the really amazing thing is that only 25% of those surveyed agreed with what is actually a statement of fact rather than opinion.
 what's nutty about dubya being up to something fishy when 2001-09-11 rolled around?

his case against saddam rested on forgeries, and bad ones at that.

the man did what he could to interfere with the recount in florida (why would anyone that thought they had won go ahead and try to stop one?).

i don't believe any of the 9-11 stuff, actually. but if someone proved to me that dubya was up to something shady, how could i possibly be shocked.

why is it so important to you that nothing unusual went on that day?

what makes you think that paul believes such himself, or is pandering to those that do?

&gt; hi is bigot, with message to white power crowd.

actually, he promised to pardon all those blacks locked up in prison for non-violent drug crimes.

&gt; just by voting against "internet neutrality" 

last i checked, we have a largely neutral network even now. without any congressional action. if that's the case, what are we supposed to be worried about that would change that?
that's not right.  

that these people act in the best interest of soccer moms, meaning the middle class, is a lie.  they act in their own interest, and in maintaining and extending their own position of power.  pretending to act in the best interest of the middle class is an integral part of that lie, and you're buying it.

and that's where the media comes in. "oh soccer moms want to be protected from terrorism instead of an end to war, oh and they want lower taxes instead of social services and they want health care reform instead of universal healthcare..." these are lies meant to solidify the position of people with money-ed interest in their perpetuation.

and the media reflects their interests because the media is hand picked to parrot what they're told to parrot.

people i talk to, working people, regular people, random people, are not at all centrist, but either leftist or libertarian.  from what i've seen the center is empty.  i don't now a single person who likes hillary clinton or rudy giulliani or mitt romney.  that they are popular is a lie.  it's the same lie as the soccer mom lie.  and it's perpetuation keeps the more serious issues off the table where the modern bourgeois (marxist definition) rather prefers.
if scalia is against the law, it must be the best law ever passed in the history of law.
roe v. wade is a terrible ruling, and most of us are willing to overlook it because we agree with the end result. long term, however, it's not going to hold, and has the potential to cause other problems.
the best way to prevent different lobbyists and pacs from trying to corrupt and influence the government is to reduce the size of the government and watch over its functioning closely.

remember, the problem is not abuse of power; it is having the power to abuse.

i agree with this article. the "campaign finance reform" is, like most bills, named misleadingly. it is really a bill that tries to perpetuate the two party dictatorship that we have today. i am surprised that people can see past the "patriot" act and the "clear skies" initiative but not this bill.
no. al gore is going to run.  as much as i hate his elitism, and his drone followers, and as much as his freedom hating positions sicken me; al gore running for president will be unavoidable.  if for no other reason: he thinks we owe him the presidency.

how do i know.  because ron paul has the republican nomination locked up, hillary has the democratic nomination locked up, and al gore's ego simply won't let a hillary/ron paul run go uninterfered with.  maybe he will have some other back-stabbing scheme up his sleeve, but it seems to me like running will be irresistible for him.

you're right, he'd be even better!  in fact he's twice the man he was 7 years ago!
&gt; you should ask yourself the same question.

i did, i think he has a chance.

&gt; because ron paul will destroy america. 

but giuliani wouldn't? or obama, for that matter? wow, i did not know that you were clairovoyant.

&gt; all that will remain is a collection of more or less autonomous states.

and this is horrible how, exactly? (not that i think you are correct.) smaller states have less muscle with which to start illegal wars, less money with which to buy orwellian police states.

&gt; look at the breakup of the ussr to see what will happen to america.

supposedly that was a good thing. are you sure you picked the right example?

&gt; america can survive giuliani, or hillary, or obama but it can't survive ron paul.

so you say. i wonder if you would have said the same about bush in 1999. i wonder if we won't discover that you were wrong about those three.

[edit: please note that dannykeithjames continues to do the character assassination bit, and when confronted with how ridiculous his views are, he deletes the comments. from now on, i'll be quoting his entire comment, and attaching his name(linked, no less) to them.]
"but that would imply that there is a valid...court system where westerners could get a fair trial. that is not the case right now."

hey, it's the us!
&gt; the problem with regulation, is that only law-abiding people will adhere to it. 

that's a tautology.  there are laws and punishments against murder, but murders don't abide by those laws.  and the point is...?

&gt; never assume that creating laws fixes problems.

rather assume that wealthy people left to do as they please will have our interests in mind?
"when crack cocaine possession means 24 years in prison and manslaughter means only 3, you know something is seriously wrong with the u.s. criminal justice system."

yeah, because the poor bastard probably gets 3 years for manslaughter for defending himself and his family from a crackhead. 

arrest prince, the head of blackwater. or whatever his real name is.
 yes, the [original line](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076759/quotes#qt0290930) is from star wars:

&gt;governor tarkin: the jedi are extinct. their fire has gone out of the universe. you, my friend, are all that remains of their religion. 

as for eisenhower, i suspect he was included because of his famous [military-industrial complex](http://coursesa.matrix.msu.edu/~hst306/documents/indust.html) speech:

&gt; in the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
&gt;
&gt;we must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes.

 
best line in the article:

the courts have no problem believing that buchanan got his highest, best support in a precinct consisting of a jewish old age home with holocaust survivors, who apparently have changed their mind about buchanan's view that hitler was not all that bad.
first of all, american industry is highly regulated. i don't know where you got the the idea that we have or ever had a free market!

if this were a free market and enron was free to whatever it wanted, why exactly did it make large contributions? just to give away money? the fact that certain corporations are able to bribe the government into doing what they want is not the free market; it is mercantilism. if anything, your example illustrates the dangers of giving too much power to the government. because then, instead of convincing the consumers with quality products, all the companies have to do is bribe some politicians. which is why most "evil" corporations love big government.

lastly, how exactly did "everybody" get hurt with the mismanagement of enron? there are always going to bad companies, because there will always be bad people. when corporations misbehave, only their shareowners are hurt, not the public.

government, on the other hand, forces you and me to pay for the war in iraq and war on drugs and so on. how is that working out for everybody?
funny guy.

of course the punchline to that joke might be a would be president-for-life doing a a rope trick at an air force base.

he isn't nearly popular enough with the troops to try that.
you miss his most essential point. if there's nearly no government, *there's nothing to buy*. a billion dollars doesn't buy any larger slice of nothing than a hundred dollars or none.
sure - that's fair enough.  but i'm responding to a reflexive culture that is developing amongst certain true believers.  my comments don't apply to everyone.  there are plenty of passionate and even handed supporters; more power to them.  but my comments are aimed at a contigent that downmods by default, upmods by default.  sure it's a democracy; and aiming my keyboard at that behavior is all part of the mix. 
 i'd accept an overturn of roe v. wade on the following conditions:

- de-federalize the "war on drugs" and let the states decide.

- return the state national guards to the states.

- scrap the national id card.

- let the states run their own educational systems; the feds only mandate minimum standards.

... and more stuff along those lines.

the problem is that conservatives are hypocrite federalists. when the federal government imposes something "liberal," then they cry for decentralization and federalism. but when something local or personal threatens a "conservative value," they cry for federal government intervention.
 
i've said this very thing to witnesses. the man has no respect for the constitution or the rights of people he deems to be enemies. and of course, in his eyes we are all potentially the enemy. we're all one nuke hidden in one container ship blown up in a us port away from martial law. 
well, any us president is briefed on international situations daily. bush was warned about a large scale attack on the us in the form of one of these briefings labeled [bin laden determined to strike in u.s.](http://www.buzzflash.com/editorial/04/08/edi04058.html). this memo was, as history shows, ignored by bush. a few other things happend, maybe it was preventable, maybe not. the one thing to remember is that gore would have done something.
&gt;that these people act in the best interest of soccer moms, meaning the middle class, is a lie. they act in their own interest, and in maintaining and extending their own position of power. pretending to act in the best interest of the middle class is an integral part of that lie, and you're buying it.

that's what i said. are you arguing with me? i told you this is an imaginary average that doesn't reflect reality.

who is this bourgeois? that just refers to the middle class. i'm not controlling shit over here. 
and oranges, mushrooms, lichens and e coli.


awesome
its alot worse.
  i agree that purposely breaking the law is different from negligence, but stealing a candy  bar is not a bad example.  it proves the point that the level of harm the crime causes to others in society is a more important indicator of the severity of the crime than only the form of intent.  people also purposely speed, or don't completely stop at stop signs.  these are all purposeful law breakers, but the impact on society is significantly less than say a reckless driver  who is under the influence and commits manslaughter. 

also, another part of the injustice of these drug laws is the classification of people with small amounts of drugs as "drug dealers".  in this case you are talking about 2 sugar packets of crack.  calling someone something does not make it so, and having laws that allow you to not have to prove intent is yet another form of injustice. i do not assume every gun owner is planning a murder, and a law that said i could assume so, would be a bad law...
i'd like to believe it's true.
clinton took terrorism much more seriously then bush and one presumes gore would have too.

if gore had the same diligence as clinton then 9/11 could have been averted. even if it was not averted we would not have invaded a country that had nothing to do with it.
the wealthy only maintain control because they control (to some extent) parts of the government.  by eliminating that control (through down-sizing of the government), we take away power from the wealthy.  is this a completely bat-shit crazy point of view to many of you?
http://www.tolweb.org/tree/

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_descent

his main set of followers are under 18 as of 2008? even if thats true, in 5 years, they'll be members of a demographic that can vote, but never ever does. 
&gt; ... artificial creations of the illegal status of said drugs.

maybe, maybe not. the popular comparison is with legalized alcohol, but it's informative to compare with the effects of legalized gambling as well.

which are, of course, that families are still destroyed, and loan sharks still terrorize people. so don't jump to the conclusion that selling narcotics in corner stores like cigarettes and condoms will suddenly destroy the criminal ecosystem surrounding it.
upmodded for sheer what-planet-are-they-on silliness.

war with china? both economies would instantly collapse.

according to [this wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/most_recent_common_ancestor\#patrilineal_and_matrilineal_ancestry) everyone alive has one common female ancestor who lived about 140,000 years ago and one common male ancestor who lived about 60,000 years ago.
oh yes it was, wake up sheeple!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm surprised he didn't say "duhh... why are you named after a fuzzy animal... huh huh... llamas are funny... huh huh..."

because bloggers are at the head of investigative journalism.

oh wait, they just copy and paste shit from other websites.
perhaps just the results of christian laws in a christian country i suppose...

back to stoning the kids for sassing me...
you have any reasons other than some political washout organization doesnt like it?
&gt;the supreme court can't read the minds of the voters, you know.

however, they can apparently read the minds of the florida legislators who wrote the voting statutes.

regardless, one wouldn't want to leave a decision like that in the hands of the florida supreme court.
only on the right my friend. only on the right.
think more along the lines of reckless driving while intoxicated...

i am very sorry to hear about your friend, there are indeed such things as accidents in the world...
&gt;but when you're discussing legal issues that are not extremely clear-cut

no, that's the point -- the legal issues are in fact quite clear-cut. in fact, ginsburg's dissent explains them pretty straightforwardly.

&gt;i never understood bush v. gore, and i still don't. i'm not exactly an idiot, and i don't enjoy being made to feel like one.

have you ever considered that the reason you don't understand it is because it's a load of nonsense?
what the god damn fuck is wrong with this man. he's going to veto the fucking constitution soon.
upvoting the parent [is illegal](http://www4.law.cornell.edu/uscode/html/uscode18/usc_sec_18_00000871----000-.html).  (well, perhaps only if you do it by snail mail)
they should have had some liquor instead.
90% of the blogs i see linked on reddit are just copy and pasted from actual news sites, with poorly written commentary with adspam all around.
&gt;.. how can you be so sure? do you think, if clinton had another term (hypothetically, ignoring amendment 22), it would've been prevented?

of course one can never be sure of hypothetical scenarios but yes i do think it would have been prevented.

gwb is an extremely stupid, extremely ignorant person. the worst president in this century and possibly in the entire history of our nation. 

i could have done a better job then him as would hundreds of millions of other people. 

certainly somebody who is as educated and intelligent as al gore had a much better chance of preventing a massive terrorist attack then bush especially considering the clinton white house took bin laden very seriously.
there was a book written by james carville [where he speculates what gore would have done in the situation](http://www.google.com/books?id=hzsi8en4zgkc&amp;pg=pp1&amp;dq=take+it+back&amp;ei=mtywr_z7hy6apwkklkiybg&amp;sig=dyw6klg0iu3pubngvlxuilgi6gc#ppa96,m1)
(google books link)
submitted... is this your other username? 
bush and his justice department didn't choose to hold enron's leadership accountable.  that's *not* capitalism.  capitalism requires the full and impartial respect for property rights and the integrity of contract law.  in a free market, without government interference, there *would* be scams and chaos.  the only government interference that is acceptable, however, is just luckily the only kind that is needed:  punishment of property and contract violations.

government's role is to protect your rights.  when an individual, a group, a country - or a company - violates your rights, the government then steps in and uses its near-monopoly on the use of force to re-assert your sovereignty.
 so there are a lot of crappy blogs in general.

but the left has some great investigative journalism over at www.talkingpointsmemo.com.

not to mention laura rozen at www.warandpiece.com.

then of course theres the group over at harpers. ezra klein.

i could go on. 
i looked it up, there are two definitions of bourgeois.  yours, that it is the middle class, and the marxist definition that the bourgeois are those who control the means of production and own the labor of others, like bankers and other financial elites, bosses and the like.

yes but you said (or i thought you meant to say) that this imaginary american is being chased and politically dominated for its own good, and that's not true, it's just part of the lie.
&gt;back in reality, draining the swamp means having more publicly financed campaigns and limiting/eliminating donations from organizations and capping individual donations while keeping records open for public review.

whaddaya know, that's what this "campaign finance reform" is *doing right now*.

ron paul knows this.
yes, the few hundred that there are certainly deserve more consideration than the millions in jail from the drug war... perhaps the people you mentioned have another thing in common? upper class, and white?
i wonder how long it will be before this thread mysteriously disappears... there's not enough retort to the rp jungle juice that keeps popping up.
&gt;... how can you be so sure?

he's literate.
he didn't. come on. it's not like the rules for the presidential elections haven't been known for over two centuries. get a majority of the electoral college votes and you win. not the popular vote. popular vote is how you elect your congressmen. 

gore didn't pull it off. period. he made too many mistakes in his campaign. and the aftermath of the recount was that depending on how you did the recount it could have went either way. (gore's method gave the election to bush and bush's method would have given the election to gore.) 
no only for international law, blackwater are no ever liable under us law as any 'crimes' were committed in another supposedly 'sovereign' country
nihilism - "the belief that destruction of existing political or social institutions is necessary for future improvement."

[source](http://www.answers.com/nihilism?cat=health&amp;gwp=13)
say, beautiful, why don't we get married. i can picture you right now in the kitchen, bent over a hot stove....only i don't see the stove.
i believe you broke your promise with this post?
all you need to know is right there.

brawno! it's got what plants crave!

post intended as "submit articles".
 we'd also probably be battling air pollution a lot better with the ev1.  go watch "who killed the electric car?" 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/who_killed_the_electric_car?

and how the oil/car companies killed a car that would have gone a long way towards battling the pollution of our environment.  it would have been harder to kill if the president was actually on the peoples side.  

side note: did anyone watch the speech today?  is it just me or does the very sound of bush's voice make you angry?  the blatant hypocrisy spewing from his mouth is enough to make anyone who pays attention to what's going on cringe.
&gt; "in ten years' time they will be established citizens and won’t smoke cannabis any more."

hmm... i'd like to know how that conclusion was made...
  that's why you would have to have a legalized agreement of assisted suicide proving the consent of the one who chooses to kill his/herself.  obviously if someone killed someone else and they have no proof that the victim wanted to die or the victim wasn't terminally ill then they'd be suspect to murder.  

  
i don't agree with some of his more *extreme* views, but the fact is there is no way the other branches of government would allow him to  do much in those areas.
i can't link to this site, but i found this instead:

http://www.democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=06/10/16/144204
#9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11 
nothing this administration does shocks me any more.
 &gt;how can you be so sure?

do you think gore would have ignored [this presidential daily briefing](http://edition.cnn.com/2004/allpolitics/04/10/august6.memo/) on august 6, 2001? bush listened to it, responded, "[all right, you've covered your ass, now,](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/06/19/ar2006061901211.html)" and proceeded to ignore its warning.
that article sounded reasonable until i got to stuff like "judicial reign of terror", and realized i was reading the ravings of a zealot.  and i'm a die-hard democrat.  gagh.
as much as you'd all like to cry about how gore should have won, i think it's of more significance (and more shocking) how almost 50 million americans voted for and re-elected bush in the first place. there is something seriously wrong with all those people.

i would be crying foul if the votes were 60 to 40 or even 55 to 45, but no. 50 million votes for bush. america, you have no excuse. this war, you had it coming.
 yes yes indeed argoff, now can you come back to the institute, we need to start your daily shock and cold shower treatment before you go back in your nice white padded room in your favorite white shirt with beautifully sleeves that get tied in the back. 
the elephant in the room.
lol, it's cute how wrong you are.
bye abudabu. don't let the door hit you on the way out.
2008 is going to be a great year for being a 3rd party candidate.
actually, whoever won would probably come out much strong then when they went to war. also war with china isn't as far-fetched as you would think. while the economic tensions between the two could spark conflict, it is unlikely.  

a more pressing concern would be the 2008 olympics. if taiwan was going to pick anytime to offically succeed from china they would pick then because they would be betting that china wouldn't attack them. however, china probably would, if not during the olympics then definately afterwards.  taiwan has a security treaty with the usa, so if china does attack them, uncle sam is obligated to come to the rescue. it would just escalate from there, maybe not into nuclear war but probably into a pretty bad slog. 
 i know my statement was wrong and totally dumb &amp; useless - but sheesh take it easy eh, lighten up, don´t be so serious.

no hating here really,
iḿ just soooo fed up with the shit those fucking oil-greedy texans in power and in business put us thru. 
hmo's is the possessive.

hmos is the plural.

&lt;sigh&gt;
are you justifying getting rid of abortions just to get paul elected?
why is everyone laughing? :(
and it mutilates thrist!!
of course not. but certainly, if upwards social mobility were less restricted by the negative externalities of taxation, if philanthropic 'types' had the realization of there *being no already existing infrastructure to care for the poor*; if these things were true, as happens with many things there would develop an infrastructure of non-government entities to provide that welfare.

at the very least, they would have an easier time forming.

another very simple step would be the abolition of taxation on doctors &amp; pharmacies (if not pharmaceutical companies) -- with the simultaneous re-institution of the sliding-scale payment structures.  as it currently stands, doctors are actually forbidden from advertising the fact that they will -- and ***do*** -- negotiate their prices down.  i only know of it from my time as a medical industry worker.

in the case of catastrophic incidences and people not having the ability to pay for such... well... historically speaking the overwhelming majority of those whom would qualify for such are also the least likely to have need of it: 20-25 year old independents.

i could go on further here but i'm kinda preaching to the choir. :)
i somehow feel bad to learn that josh didn't have a gun available at the time. this story could have had a happy ending.
democratic controlled congress, not "democrat congress"
my oppinion? it's pretty simple: whenever politicos put their grubby fingers into commerce we end up on the receiving end of the shaft...
glad to obligue... ;)
here's another observation by ron paul to agree with on the subject:
http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/ron_paul#on_campaign_finance
&gt; the debate was full of hypocritical high-minded talk about cleaning up corruption, all by the very politicians of both parties who dole out billions in corporate subsidies and welfare pork. it was quite a spectacle watching the big-spending, perennially-incumbent politicians argue that new laws were needed to protect them from themselves!
rick perry is a giant douche. i'm glad he didn't endorse ron paul.
ahh... yes... "families are still destroyed". you really think that the people who allow this to happen wouldn't fall victim to something else? and, further -- do we really believe that the *risk* of families being destroyed is worth killing 1 person who never even had anything to do with drugs for every 10,000 military-style raids?

as to loan sharks... well, now; those are in violation of usury and predatory lending laws, now aren't they?

however, we ***do*** have a template for comparison -- amsterdam.  and while the 'drug parks' are eyesores, they are not precisely what you describe: the legal status of these things means that addicts have recourse within legitimate society; and furthermore, without the stigma or fear of prosecution et al., they are far, far more likely to avail themselves of such.

at the very least, government dollars aren't spent on hunting down and tracking them anywhere near so much.
because bargaining collectively is more effective than bargaining on your own.
more rules also remove ethics from the equation.  what room is there for ethical behavoir when you must finds ways to work around the rules in order to compete.  a lawyer's job these days is to find ways to get their client what they want.  the assumption on the part of the lawyer is that if something isn't ethical, there would have been a law to prevent it.  that obviously isn't right, nor is it possible to pass every possible law that describes some action that one could take that will eventually negatively affect another.
wow, great program.  worth saving and watching again (much like friedman's [free to choose](http://www.ideachannel.tv/) and bbc's [the power of nightmares](http://www.archive.org/details/thepowerofnightmares).

download links:

* [chapter 1 -- the way it would be](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/video/flv/2601/ch1.flv)
* [chapter 2 -- the office of legal counsel (olc)](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/video/flv/2601/ch2.flv)
* [chapter 3 -- end-running the process](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/video/flv/2601/ch3.flv)
* [chapter 4 -- the education of jack goldsmith](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/video/flv/2601/ch4.flv)
* [chapter 5 -- goldsmith says "no"](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/video/flv/2601/ch5.flv)
* [chapter 6 -- battle of the lawyers](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/video/flv/2601/ch6.flv)
* [chapter 7 -- epilogue](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/video/flv/2601/ch7.flv)
 
decent windows .flv players include [flv player](http://www.download.com/flv-player/3000-2139_4-10467081.html) and [gom](http://www.gomplayer.com/main.html).
that's because i had to play with the headline to get it to fit within reddit's 200 character limit. the word "lobbyists" was supposed to be in there.

also: don't be a grammar nazi.  there. gershwin's law. this conversation is over -- you win.
my attraction? no, danny boy, i simply give him benefit of the doubt... he's the **only** runner who's got some semblance of integrity... the **least** evil, so to speak.
i didn't threaten you. i offered the world a favor doogie.

stop projecting. 

for those wondering, doogie here thinks i threatened him by "offering to put a good word in for him."  he has some paranoia issues as well as liking to try to tell people what to do.  would you want him as a doctor?

he's a silly little monkey, isn't he?  maybe he's a stalker and projecting that behavior on others too?

takes all kinds but i hope he flunks out. 

douchebag howser, m.d. ???

why he keeps blathering stupid shit at me in private messages is beyond me as well.   

normal rude reddit argument:

you're stupid!
no you're stupid!
no you're stupid!
(repeat for a while)

it doesn't usually turn into weird personal replies off the forum. 

maybe he's afraid he can't "win the internet" but somehow thinks being weird to me is normal?

fuck off and die,  little douchebag howser. 

reddit needs a killfile for losers you don't want sending you messages.

if he keeps doing it i'll start pasting his entire drama weirdness into the actual forums so we can all have a laugh at him.

that,  little douchebag, is not a threat.  that is a promise.
so, basically you don't support ron paul because he's from texas. way to look at the issues.

p.s. george w. bush was born in connecticut, ron paul was born in pennsylvania. so i still don't know what your point is.
i believe that the national broadcasting company (owned by nbc universal, which is in turn owned by general electric) actually owns "the tonight show". jay leno is just the host.
cool
wow
nope. but with the business we have a choice. we can withhold our $, not so with politicos: they send the thugs with guns to get what they want.
al?  is that you?
...because hes not ron paul. thats the only reason you think hes scary. there. i said it.




a little aside- why is it that the current "buzz word" in liberal hate speech is "neocon" i swear people use it because they think its "trendy" and "cool." i'm sick of pseudo-intellectuals throwing it around in every sentence (see first comment)
so was this an alec-baldwin-i'm-leaving-the-country kind of promise?

only kidding.  i encourage you to keep posting rp articles.  every time someone on reddit brings up some "reason" why he is flawed - those flaws are proven to be strengths by the free minded.
nah, i'm not an absolutist. there can be some government welfare, without it being the bullshit it is now, where we oscillate between reagan decrying welfare queens, and hillary "seeing a day where you'd have to provide proof of health insurance when applying for a job".

if this were fixed, and insurance were truly cheap, to where it was a few dollars a month, and we find out that half a million people can't afford even that?

12 months x $3 x 500,000 = $18 million a year. that's not going to break the budget.

i don't have a problem with helping the needy, done right government could be as efficient as private charity, without the randomness of whether it was available. my only grip is when a couple [is buying cable tv and 3 cell phones when they could have afforded the insurance themselves for just an extra $160.](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=washingtonstory&amp;sid=afnvvaekzuck)


&gt;yes but you said (or i thought you meant to say) that this imaginary american is being chased and politically dominated for its own good, and that's not true, it's just part of the lie.

i said no such thing.

&gt;like bankers and other financial elites, bosses and the like.

r-iiiight. here's my position again: we are basically passive wage slaves who willingly consume the horrible candidates presented to us by our ridiculous media. i don't think my boss was particularly thrilled we were in iraq. i don't see any evidence that there's a  big group controlling everything... just a consistent trend toward deference toward industry in our legislature. this is just as much the fault of the people, because we don't participate much in this government.
you said you would help me give my daughter her honor killing before we stoned those kids!

 i think we need a couple of things here.

first, those who commit crimes while working in a law enforcement position, should be held accountable. this means not only fired, but also arrested with a much more severe sentence. this will ensure that at least most of them, will think twice before breaking the law themselves, by abusing their power.

second, we need a police offenders registry, where a tried and convicted cop is no longer allowed to hold any position of authority whatsoever, and that means also no rent-a-cop or mall-cop positions. would you allow a sex offender to work in a kindergarten class? if not, why do we let power trip led criminals  obtain other positions where they can harm people? 
then retort. i read the article and i read the study on recounting the florida election. i voted in the 2000 election and watched the campaign closely.

gore came into that race as vice president in good economic times. he's the only veep under those conditions to lose a presidential run. nader was not an issue to gore losing any state. and the fact is the perception of gore at the time was he was inconsistent in his positions. something the republicans hammered him on. bush, for all the things i dislike the man for, did present an overall consistent message.

gore also should have let clinton campaign for him. his base didn't give a shit about the scandals and bill would have got voters out.

gore had a huge number of benefits backing up his run and he fumbled the ball. it should not have come down to florida. hell, he couldn't even take his home state. mod me down all you want but gore lost because he lost. the decision from scotus was just more salt in the wound.
why *wouldn't* they torture them?  all they gotta do is call 'em terrorists first, then dop whatever they want.

it's fun!
sure, he gets a little jumpy, but i also believe he's trying to convey the aghast-shock of such a blatantly unfair decision. it's like, think of an atrocity, and then think about how you would convey it. your tone of voice is *part* of the message, because it lets other people know at least how strongly you feel about it. but i agree, a little over the top, but hey, its cool to me.
there's no such thingie - unless enforced by the government thugs. there can be a "quasi-monopoly" on a free market but only as long as the "monopolist" provides quality goods/services at the reasonable price. (and by "quality" i mean as perceived by it's customers.)
it's not redundant if you look at it from a marketing point of view on reddit.  the story may not have gotten its upmods if it wasn't a story that was getting updated.
i don't vote. for the people that do i'd preffer if they voted for ron paul - he's the least likely to screw me up.

edit: typo
i am all for competition in the political arena. if it weren't for campaign finance reform, all it would take is one passionate silicon valley billionaire to blow the duopoly apart. 
btw: i will never run myself: i have no desire to rule over other people...
 &gt; done right government could be as efficient as private charity, without the randomness of whether it was available.

ahh, but **that** is the catch, now isn't it? lol

i don't know about you, but i have more faith in the fickleness of human kindness than i do the fickleness of bureaucracies. 
upmodded. slavery.
do you have an embarrassingly secret hard-on for him or something?  what's your beef that you're wasting hours a day trolling websites and leaving stupid remarks on anything related to the man?  it's old.
&gt; than i do the fickleness of bureaucracies.

so don't make it a bureaucracy. but it's something to be figured out once things are back in balance, i think.
 campaign finance gives an insane amount of power to the establishment media and the duopoly. there is no way to raise a ton of cash, tell the media to go f themselves, and then buy your way into people's homes. so, the same people control the same political process, year after year after year.  only independently rich candidates can challenge the system.

and then there was ron paul.
he's running for both :p
according to the article 170,000 predominantly gore votes were thrown out, canning your whole argument.
reddit will probably shoot me for this, but uh, ... isn't that faster than ron paul?
1.) no, though i would love to live in a world without abortion.

2.) ending roe v. wade does not end legal abortion, not by a long shot.

3.) i don't think that anybody's vote for paul really hinges on his abortion stance. 
regardless of what this article is about ... campaigning ... and campaign financing ... needs to be changed ...

on a side note ... can anyone confirm that candidates get to keep all the money they do not spend on their campaign? i think thats true but dont have a source.
your fly is down.
none of the campaign finance reform laws have even come close to what i described.  i'm modded down because the ron paul koolaid drinkers don't really have an answer to campaign finance reform except to destroy the federal government to the point no one would want to lobby a legislator.  silly.

and then all the lobbying would be done at the state level and you'd still have the same campaign financing issues.  

you may now go back to pretending destroying the federal government solves all ills.
*rimshot! * what a joker!

his next big one-liner? stripping us all of our civil liberties! wait...
perhaps a way to delete unwanted messages also.
 perhaps, but i was responding to pujyboy's point that since you might get in trouble, it was worth risking  a more heinous crime with a smaller penalty, completely ignoring the ethics and morals.  i see this frequently on reddit. christians often say that if there were no god, you could get away with anything.

they forget the natural instinct to do good so that others will do likewise. they also ignore the fact that doing bad may have repercussions that they hadn't thought about that would effect the only life they have. 

edit: it seems that only agnostics and atheists do good for positive reasons. doing good because you are afraid of afterlife judgment isn't moral, it is only doing good because of fear of retribution.
&gt;so don't make it a bureaucracy.

it's government. that's not possible.

also -- i read about that story from kip esquire's blog. [he got kinda pissy](http://www.haloscan.com/comments/iconrad/7929308079121257238/) with me because i compared his blog entry against schip with my own, here [on reddit](http://reddit.com/info/2zwc7/comments/c2zy0u). i still say those people are gaming the system, and if that's the best "they" can dredge up for the higher-income families "barely making it through schip's graces" -- then, honestly, fuck 'em.  they chose to send their little girl to a private school rather than get her health insurance because that way they could leech off of the state.  i can't imagine most of the other stories are any different.
&gt;so don't make it a bureaucracy.

it's government. that's not possible.

also -- i read about that story from kip esquire's blog. [he got kinda pissy](http://www.haloscan.com/comments/iconrad/7929308079121257238/) with me because i compared his blog entry against schip with my own, here [on reddit](http://reddit.com/info/2zwc7/comments/c2zy0u). i still say those people are gaming the system, and if that's the best "they" can dredge up for the higher-income families "barely making it through schip's graces" -- then, honestly, fuck 'em.  they chose to send their little girl to a private school rather than get her health insurance because that way they could leech off of the state.  i can't imagine most of the other stories are any different.
well said.  i didn't vote for bush in either election but like you point out... 50 million people voted for bush.  the us deserves whatever happens as a result of this war.  
 i think i made my point obvious twice. but again...for the third time.

 people treat pot as less of a threat than alcohol, people seem to think it's ok to be high and drive. dui laws don't matter after you sink a ferry full of people.

 i don't care if it's legal or illegal and you smoke a pound of pot a day, people don't see it as a drug like alcohol is. 

 actually you may as well say pot in bc is practically legal it's so common. even the name bc bud is almost as famous a brand name as cocal-cola. 
yes, a lot of people are stupid.
all slavery is illegal, involuntary or not. it's just harder to prove if it's voluntary, unless there is some signed document where the slave has signed away their rights. signing away your rights is illegal and for good reason.

of course most cops won't arrest you but that doesn't make it legal. most cops wouldn't arrest for file sharing either.

oh, and being a slave to some immaterial idea like "sport" or "religion" isn't the same thing as being an actual slave with an owner. it's just an expression and it means nothing in a legal sense.
what's sad is that bush has pissed-off so many other nations in the world that the us is having a difficult time obtaining cooperation from other nations to perform proper container screening.
-1

a disorganized, to the point of incoherence, rant.


&gt;to the point no one would want to lobby a legislator

silly?
i'm at the point where i don't know what to do.  i think there are great and wonderful things about this country, but our rights are being taken from us before our eyes and the vast majority don't even care.  i am so heartsick by the atrocities our government has committed here and abroad.  we have been sold out for decades and there is no end to it in sight.  i can't even talk on my cell phone about this stuff without a nagging feeling that i could be triggering keywords and put in some database.  no fly lists? indefinite detainment?  how the fuck did things get this way?


they didn't get thrown out. "thrown out" was rhetoric by the author. this isn't the 2004 election and losing the ohio records. votes did not go into the pyre.

http://www.aei.org/doclib/20040526_keatingpaper.pdf

there. read the study which went over the 175,010 ballots.
if that day comes, i hope for the courage to join you (though probably minus the bandolier).
obligatory expose of ron paul's agenda:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/bsalert_show_4_-_dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html
i'm not laughing.
hmmm, supreme court said huh....

remember dred scott? supreme court said that slavery was okay!. and useful too. 
so the golden sunlight doesn't neccessarily shine out of their collective assholes. 
yeah, that's pretty stupid.  thinking that making terrorists and pissing off your neighbors makes you safer.  

i can't imagine what you think w might have done that saved us from being glass dust.  the hits just keep on coming i guess.
stevens is the best legal mind and scholar on the court but he is also very old.  i fear we may lose him during the next presidential term (or even this one) and without a democrat in office the supreme court may be lost to the far right for a generation.
obligatory ron paul libertarian expose:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/bsalert_show_4_-_dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html

as long as you ron paul potheads are going to over-hype this guy, the public deserves to get some real info on what the hell he's selling.
yeah your right i'm just fired up about all the taser stories i've seen. 
the cheney stand-down order.   fuck!!
then you should have said "submit" instead of "post".
obligatory ron paul libertarian expose:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html

as long as you ron paul dudes are going to over-hype this guy, the public deserves to get some real info on what the hell he's selling. make up your own mind - listen to the podcast and don't mod me down unless you've heard it.  this is the voice of rationalism addressing the actual libertarian agenda promoted by dr. paul.  educate yourself!
i doubt americans would be glass dust for voting gore or kerry in; it is more likely that you'd still be free.

instead, you chose to vote with your ass and not your head.  

enjoy the dictatorship, and the new constitution.
obligatory ron paul libertarian expose:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html

as long as you ron paul dudes are going to over-hype this guy, the public deserves to get some real info on what the hell he's selling. make up your own mind - listen to the podcast and don't mod me down unless you've heard it.  this is the voice of rationalism addressing the actual libertarian agenda promoted by dr. paul.  educate yourself!
did you just have a stroke or something?  either read the next sentence i wrote or at least understand the us is a constitutional republic which requires representatives to work on behalf of the people.
obligatory ron paul libertarian expose:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html

as long as you ron paul dudes are going to over-hype this guy, the public deserves to get some real info on what the hell he's selling. make up your own mind - listen to the podcast and don't mod me down unless you've heard it.  this is the voice of rationalism addressing the actual libertarian agenda promoted by dr. paul.  educate yourself!
obligatory ron paul libertarian expose:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html

as long as you ron paul dudes are going to over-hype this guy, the public deserves to get some real info on what the hell he's selling. make up your own mind - listen to the podcast and don't mod me down unless you've heard it.  this is the voice of rationalism addressing the actual libertarian agenda promoted by dr. paul.  educate yourself!
obligatory ron paul libertarian expose:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html

as long as you ron paul dudes are going to over-hype this guy, the public deserves to get some real info on what the hell he's selling. make up your own mind - listen to the podcast and don't mod me down unless you've heard it.  this is the voice of rationalism addressing the actual libertarian agenda promoted by dr. paul.  educate yourself!
obligatory ron paul libertarian expose:

http://bsalert.com/news/2084/dissecting_the_libertarian_government_model.html

as long as you ron paul dudes are going to over-hype this guy, the public deserves to get some real info on what the hell he's selling. make up your own mind - listen to the podcast and don't mod me down unless you've heard it.  this is the voice of rationalism addressing the actual libertarian agenda promoted by dr. paul.  educate yourself!
i'm having a terrible time deciding on who i'm going to vote for if ron paul does not pull through. =/

(good thing i still think rp has a chance!)
once again - there is no practical application to this idea you are espousing.  for instance, some agrarian cult members,  "voluntary sex slaves" (as seen at pep events), or catholic nuns have all willingly submitted themselves into circumstances that are essentially slavery and under no circumstances will law enforcement apply as nobody is going to call them.  

your point is pointless and makes about as much sense as arguing about how many angels take pleasure from unicorns.
i didn't say anything about ron paul, nor am i a supporter of his. 
??  he's a physician.
hey dumbass: there were at least a dozen candidates besides kerry and bush last election.
ron paul is not an anarcho-capitalist, like the guy who is interviewed.
unbelievable.
&gt;"disclosure of the deal followed a decision by house democratic leaders to pull a competing version of the measure from the floor because they lacked the votes to prevail over republican opponents and gop parliamentary maneuvers."

i have lost what little faith i had left in the democrats. no. balls. at. all.

reddit, let's drop all of his comments.
it's already lost.  bong hits 4 jesus?

as far as i'm concerned, everything to come out of that court since bush v gore is trash.  at the very least 2 of them need to be kicked out, and the ones appointed by bush don't count either because in order to appoint justices, you need to be elected president first.

but, yes, stevens is amazing.  i would probably count on him stepping down when we get a democrat in 2008, and if we don't get a democrat in 2008, hopefully it won't matter who's on the court since the revolution will have happened by then (of course, if that happened regardless of who was elected, that would be nice).
corruption shattered and dispersed is much easier to tackle state by state.

&gt;and then all the lobbying would be done at the state level

i'm not sure if you're feigning stupidity, but what the hell makes you think corruption isn't *already* at the state level?
 very interesting.

noticing url.
quote from sourcewatch

the american enterprise institute for public policy research (aei) is an extremely influential, pro-business right-wing think tank founded in 1943 by lewis h. brown. it promotes the advancement of free enterprise capitalism[1], and succeeds in placing its people in influential governmental positions. it is the center base for many neo-conservatives. 

as i read through that document, 
this is all they had to say about the supreme court stopping the recount: 

&gt; needless to say, in a dispute that was litigated at every step – twice to the u.s. supreme court – any changes considered by judge lewis would not have passed without scrutiny.

&gt;orlando sentinel article 12 november 2001 quotes lewis in interview saying that recount of undervotes and overvotes was under consideration until the u.s. supreme court stopped the statewide recount.

so, no, this article did not address the supreme court decision as something to be questioned. gee. 
you mean electrolytes?
4 more years!
it's the link provided by the wiki article on the 2000 election. 

from the abstract:
&gt;the contents of ballots that were not counted as a vote for president in
florida’s contested 2000 election were catalogued by the national opinion research
center under the direction of a consortium of wire service, television and newspaper
journalists.

from the methodology section:
&gt;the organizations that eventually
formed the coalition were the associated press, cnn, the wall street journal, the new
york times, the washington post, the st. petersburg times, the palm beach post and
tribune publishing, which includes the los angeles times, south florida sun-sentinel,
orlando sentinel and chicago tribune.
this totally helps his street cred. he is related to man who shot someone in the face. 

is that "black" enough for you msm? /sarcasm

i was young when during the 2000 election. 6th grade in fact. now as a college student, who is extremely interested in politics, could someone please tell me what the media did during this time period.

i mean, i remember vividly sitting on the couch with my dad watching nbc's take on it. knowing nothing about politics, i was rooting for bush. much of this was due to the negativity i heard on the radio surrounding clinton and gore, and bush looked less scarier (or so i thought at the time) 

the sad thing that i've realized is that too many americans put no more than that much thought into who they vote for as i did when i was in 6th grade.

all i remember is going to bed dissappointed that there wasn't a clear winner for my project i was doing for english and then not finding out for another 20 or so days (by my poor memory).

so did any of what was mentioned in the posted article get mentioned in the mainstream media and how long did it take many of you to realize bush wasn't elected in by the people, but by 5 bald guys lacking the proper ethics required for their job.
i see. but are you really that against abortion that you would like to see it removed from society? i would have thought that in this day and age, abortion shouldn't really be that much of an issue.
old!
i almost wish he _would_ do something like that, or try to order an attack on iran, something that would bring the whole country down on his head. _then_ maybe we'd get some goddamn housecleaning done.
i can tell.
you're not really a lawyer, are you.

voluntary slavery is a contradiction in terms and is, thus, nonsensical.  in otherwords, if slavery is defined as involuntary servitude.  then voluntary slavery is voluntary involuntary servitude.  


if you disagree with his views on campaign finance reform, it means that you've bought into the whole mccain-feingold incumbency protection speech-limitation plan. this law was blatantly unconstitutional, yet the supreme court refused to strike it down since it was billed as a feel-good "let's clean up politics" plan.

since you know so much more about buddhism than the dali lama, maybe you should apply for the position.
i have to say that i am shocked.  normally there is at least a pretense of working toward some positive goal.  today, bush explicitly says that the merit of a piece of legislation is secondary to flexing his powers.  i can't remember any statement as openly egotistical and reckless.
gore won, but you make a number of good points on why the election should not have come down to florida and the crooks at the supreme court who cooked the books.
you just can't make this stuff up.
i was downmodded for posting a similar title.
so there should be communist patsies at the top and peasants at the bottom as it is now?  
 maybe you should send him an unwanted private reddit message to consult with him about it like you've done to me?

send one to the other person that gave you a down arrow while you are at it. 

nice bedside manner douchebag howser, wannabee m.d.
who *are* these 24% of people?
methinks you whine too much. 
how dare they give him an award!  clearly he's a counterrevolutionary!  to the countryside with him to learn from the peasants and watch the 8 model operas!  
the laws before mccain-feingold were basically, if you want to accept federal matching funds for elections, then you have to play by a certain set of rules. there was not much of a constitutional problem there.

well, what happened is that since candidates and campaigns were limited in what they could say, outside organizations started taking out "issue ads" promoting one candidate or another, independent of the candidates or the campaigns themselves. it's a free country, individuals or groups can say or publish what they want, right?

wrong, not anymore. mccain-feingold basically outlaws independent groups from saying what they want to promote one candidate or another. that is completely muzzling free speech, and completely contradicts the first amendment to the constitution. i don't know about other countries, they don't have such amendments, evidently, or they chose to ignore them.

people who value our liberties should object to mccain-feingold just as vigorously as they object to the patriot act or to warrantless wiretapping. it was not a shade of gray, it was a huge and important line that they crossed, from placing voluntary limits on campaign spending, to regulating and restricting free speech of unaffiliated individuals during political campaigns.

you see, i'm ok with my personal data being used by corporations for limited purposes as long as they don't share it around. i don't mind if the phone company has my phone records from the past few months. on the other hand, i would be terrified of someone having all the data i generate. that's why i'm so scared of the post-patriot act, national-security letter america.  
i'm not sure where you're coming from here. i can understand viewing abortion as a necessary evil, or that the rights of the pregnant woman trump the value of the life of the unborn such that abortion can never be justly prohibited by law, but are you really suggesting that abortion in and of itself is a good thing? have you figured out a way to harness energy from the silent scream or something?
more like "won’t admit to smoking cannabis any more." since it's not legal (even in holland), and constantly vilified by the media. 

"prohibition goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a man's appetite by legislation and makes crimes out of things that are not crimes. a prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded."
--abraham lincoln
scalia oscillates between strict constructionist constitutional arguments, and mindless conservative babbling that increases the power of the president and of the government in general.

i think this case was the former. so it's not all bad.

real. fucking. funny.

not!

this was about as funny as his comment that "this would be a heck of a lot easier if this were a dictatorship" 
if gore had won by a few thousand votes, instead of making it so close as to be nearly impossible to determine who won, we wouldn't have needed recounts and court decisions. it was a close damn election. crazy shit happened. deal with it. 
lol, i read this as "black dick"
good riddance.
i don't see how it is nessessarily a bad thing. it's not like your killing a human baby that can think and feel, your killing an egg.  abortions are carried out before the baby is medically aware, so i don't really see the problem with it.
the problem is that corporations have no real human emotion.  instead, they just have public relations experts.  corporations steal, bribe, cover up, and downright hurt people all for just more and more money and there's no one person to put in jail for their crimes.  the fact that these "superhuman" corporations have so much influence on a now big government is insane.

i think everyone should watch this film documentary called "the corporation".  i believe it makes a very good point about how corporations are given "human rights" and are viewed the same as actual people.

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3969792790081230711
exactly. you got the point perfectly. *rolls eyes*
i never said that. i didn't even bring forth a solution. i'm just pointing things out. i don't have to give solutions, do i?
it was a razor-close election. it was not stolen from gore. the truth is, had gore won by a few thousand votes it would have been easy to tell. there would have been no need for multiple recounts and court decisions and no  national obsession with hanging chads. but the truth is it was a damn close election. deal with it and quit your bitchin'. 
exactly my point.  if you make the blanket statement that there's no way "being an entertainer qualifies you for the presidency," which republicans often do when bashing "liberal hollywood," that discounts reagan.  
why minus the bandolier? instead of wwjd, americans should be thinking wwtffd (what would the founding fathers do). we need to have courage in times of constitutional strife, for thats what makes a true patriot.
 the conservatives would have kept the budget balanced and opposed the democrats' relatively minor wars. high wealth resulting from low taxes, paid for by the peace dividend, would mean that the government healthcare meme would have never gotten off the ground. hell, maybe the reps would have even cut farm and energy subsidies and gotten us to keep some of our retirement money out of the government's hands.  
hey!  doogie howser is not only violating the spirit of reddit but the terms of use as well!

the website is not intended for users under the age of 13, and website provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. such users are expressly prohibited from submitting their personally identifiable information to us, and from using our forums and chat areas; any information submitted by such users will not knowingly be used, posted, or retained by us.
four more wars!

edit: note-though i jest, i don't think this quip is meaningful in any way, and therefore downmodded the submission.
&gt; i don't know how much gravel has raised (or kucinich ... )

[gravel's campaign is $30k in debt, kucinich's has $327k on hand, paul has $5.4m.](http://www.opensecrets.org/pres08/index.asp)

the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. it is its natural manure.
for a second there, the whiskey made that headline read, "horse unlikely to override veto."

altered reality is very fun sometimes.
24% is plenty.
i believe that gravel, kucinich, and paul are probably the 3 most honest politicians running. but ron paul has a completely unique set of political opinions that are finding and creating a "market niche" in the political arena. it seems to me that kucinich and gravel, while being honest and non-corrupt, have positions that are fairly similar to the standard democratic big government positions, only moreso. they have to compete with all the other democrats and just add "but you can trust us, and we really mean it."

the libertarian / constitutional views espoused by paul are stirring a chord among republicans and democrats who've become disenchanted with having two big government, pro-corporate, pro-war parties.

example: on the iraq war, democrats think it's the wrong war at the wrong time for the wrong reasons. republicans think we needed to go in and we need to stay. only paul says we have no business ever going to war without being attached or being under imminent danger of attack, and even then we should get a congressional declaration of war as provided by the constitution.

p.s. i don't think following the constitution is nutty, even though it sometimes produces results that in one arena or another i disagree with.

  do the "down arrows" mean you will fuck off and not private message me again?  i could follow your posts around for a while and point out what a prick you are to people everywhere you choose to post because you like to insult people outside of forums if you feel you can't win a proper argument.  

note, this is not a private reply.
wow, what the fuck, fire dick!
don't worry.  i'll be done calling you out as some sort of weird pussy when i get bored,  not when you get tired of it.  sort of how i felt about you continuing to send me private replies, perhaps?
the video you link to has been removed, but i've seen it before. ron paul goes out of his way to say that he thinks 9/11 should be investigated not because he thinks it was some conspiracy but because he wants to expose how the cia and fbi had all kinds of clues laying around (and had one hijacker in custody) months ahead of time but because of their enormous, bungling bureaucracy they were unable to connect the dots and prevent the attacks. he does not believe in conspiracy, he believes that big government bureaucracy is incompetent, which is completely consistent with the rest of his views.

the video you link to has been removed, but i've seen it before. ron paul goes out of his way to say that he thinks 9/11 should be investigated not because he thinks it was some conspiracy but because he wants to expose how the cia and fbi had all kinds of clues laying around (and had one hijacker in custody) months ahead of time but because of their enormous, bungling bureaucracy they were unable to connect the dots and prevent the attacks. he does not believe in conspiracy, he believes that big government bureaucracy is incompetent, which is completely consistent with the rest of his views.
not all feminist are lesbians
i can see the men on here haven't left the cave yet. 
i guess it's a good thing you have high speed internet to keep your sorry selves company.
yeah, but it's not america most of us feel sorry for, it's the rest of the world, especially the 600,000 iraqi's your country has murdered.  
 i'm not bored yet and you engaged in abusive behavior.  i also forwarded and reported the conversation where you privately told me you'd like to watch me die.  is that what a young wannabee doctor should say to people behind his mask of anonymity on the internet?

is it? 

it definitely didn't have anything to do with the debate at hand.
haha, your "internet support is fake" story was debunked within minutes of its initial release. nice try.

the video you link to has been removed, but i've seen it before. ron paul goes out of his way to say that he thinks 9/11 should be investigated not because he thinks it was some conspiracy but because he wants to expose how the cia and fbi had all kinds of clues laying around (and had one hijacker in custody) months ahead of time but because of their enormous, bungling bureaucracy they were unable to connect the dots and prevent the attacks. he does not believe in conspiracy, he believes that big government bureaucracy is incompetent, which is completely consistent with the rest of his views.

ron paul just wants government to leave people alone, and bigots and racist haters are now a tiny minority in this country so it's not surprising that they just want to be left alone. if we're practicing guilt by association, why not credit by association? all the geniuses in silicon valley are lining up behind ron paul, he has more silicon valley donations than any other candidate.

next thing you know, you'll be posting headlines that read, "frogs eat flies."

translation:  no surprise here, chuckles.
&gt; 50 million americans

how could [59,054,087 people be so dumb](http://www.plasticbag.org/archives/2004/11/how_can_59054087_people_be_so_dumb/)?
really?  you like his politics because he uses this year's most overhyped mobile phone?

"all you people of earth are idiots!" - eros (aka, actor "dudley manlove") in *plan 9 from outer space*   
&gt; now, i hate bush as much as the next redditer... but he didn't cause 9/11.

assuming that 9/11 was intended to provoke the u.s. into starting a war in the middle east, which is likely, it's plausible that bin laden delayed the attack until we had a sufficiently militaristic president in office.

at the very least, we know bin laden *wants* bush to be in office; why else did he release that video just before the 2004 election?
for fuck sake, i can't stand this shit for another 4,5,6, however many months until the election.  this ron paul shit has got to stop. it has gotten progressively worse over the last year and now there is never a time when the hot page doesn't have this dweeb's name on it. i am fucking sick of it, and i sure a lot of others are too.  can you all please take this futile bullshit somewhere else, like maybe his campaign website. just an idea. or how about a better idea, to really show your commitment to the cause, why don't you all enter into a suicide pact?  if the fantastic mr. paul doesn't become president then you can all kill yourselves, kool aid and everything. how does that sound? seriously you have to stop, or at the very least tone it down a bit. please. you are killing reddit and it isn't cool.
wow, i didn't know he was seriously pushing a return to the gold standard in the immediate future. for some reason i thought he would just start with controlling spending and a return to the gold standard, if it is even possible, would be far off in the future.

anyone know if it's even possible to do in the near future?
 want to know what is really funny about "knockedout"?

he is now going through archives of things i've commented on unrelated to our disagreement he kept trying to turn into a private message insult fest and hitting the down arrow.

how clever!  his parents must be proud of the little wannabee doctor who shall hopefully not make it to finishing med school for y'all's sake.

way to get back at a person who called you on being a weird stalker dickhead,  douchebag howser! 

private messages are for people you are friendly with not death wishes.

can you file that in your hamstercage?

public messages are for calling you out for being an asshole.
of course he's not serious.  sheesh.
the critical question is: would hillary undo the damage, or would she hang onto the powers handed to her by cheney.  i fear that she does not have the integrity to do what is right.
wait, you watched fox?
i realize you didn't actually imply this, but now all i can think about is a guy doing an 80,000 year-old chick. ick! thanks a lot!
&gt; doing a a rope trick at an air force base.

[first thing i thought of.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rope_trick_effect)
