wow, i'm more shocked that dallas was the team to do it.
fox soccer channel showed it on a two hour delay and i'm still kicking myself for peeking at the final score before they aired it.
yea it seemed like a hell of a game. hell of a way to end a season.
buggers, beat my bet too!
they better fucking qualify or i'm going to riot in my living room.
well, he certainly hit that one right.
i'm pretty much figuring that the best way to see the world from here on out is through the lense of world cup host countries.
last summer barry said he wanted to move from villa to play champions league football - city haven't even qualified for the europa league.

money talks!
he signed a contract for 5 years. manchester city has a lot of money available. remember that they have just started shaping their team. they will be one of the top contenders in the next five years.
yeah so much for furthering your legacy as a player.  he could of signed with liverpool or arsenal.
2 players are better than 1. don't see ribery in london however. 
villa won't leave spain i don't think. seems like these two have been linked with almost every major club.
you might want to be careful when starting the traditional pub brawl in those parts of the world. you know, where people carry guns... real ones.
absolutely dreadful from the united states, but hopefully a wake up call. their confederation's cup group (italy, brazil, and egypt) is one of the toughest, and i would be surprised if the u.s. manages to score a goal, much less win a game.
if the us defense doesn't improve they are going to need to play an 8-1-1.
chicago should have lost here in columbus but, of course, we flubbed that one. :(.
so pumped
absolutely ridiculous how much micheal owen makes riding the bench for most of the year. no wonder newcastle were in so much trouble.
[41.](http://www.transfermarkt.de/de/spieler/28396/edin-dzeko/profil.html)
now milan can do some serious shopping this summer.
looks like perez didn't learn the first time...
so long ricky... we'll miss you.
will real go for cristiano ronaldo also, or are they done?

update: [yep](http://soccernet.espn.go.com/news/story?id=653569&amp;sec=transfers&amp;cc=5901)
not very likely. looks like vw offered a number you can't say no to.
i seriously doubt it.
94 million?! that is an insane amount of money. kaka has looked a bit stagnant at milan for the past 2 seasons. i have a feeling he will regain his true form at madrid.
"pérez went on to speak about his admiration for zlatan ibrahimovich, the internazionale forward,"

are you serious, kaka, ronaldo, and ibrahimovich tacked onto an already ego bloated squad? 

well i guess that's one way to blow a 1/4 billion.
we are talking about the father of the galacticos here, who is obviously prone to thinking with his checkbook.

i still don't think they get ronaldo, especially with kaka there now
st. catharines wolves (1-0-1) vs. london city (0-1-0) battle in london.

st. catharines looks stronger than last year (7-10-5), and london it looking to get a win out of this season (0-19-3).  

clearly this is a clash of the titans
i can't see how st. catharines won last year.  it must have been a fix.
if i were him (and we're from the same town:  teaneck, nj) i would play for italy, too.


toronto croatia	- serbian white eagles	 
lamport stadium	 3:00 game #16

this should be interesting.
that actually should be a good game,  they were both contenders last year (the serbs winning) and were both in the final two years against each other.   good thing they're no bad blood between the groups....   
one more loss and maradona is gone. 
are you kidding me?  they are getting more money this year for him..
no way,  after his actions (or lack of) in the euro over the summer,  his failed second attempt at the champions league,  the crying, the diving, the pouting....   

no way he was making more this year.
while the top flight football teams may be seen to be untouchable at the moment it is mainly due to the fact that most of the topflight teams are ridiculously in debt.  as interest rates lower the clubs are able to show profits for the year as the expected interest rates are lower.

however, the actual valuation of clubs is flawed, land value in the current climate is ridiculously lower than the valuation shown on the books.  as shown by aresnal's recent attempt to turn their old ground into apartments. shirt sales and other merchandising sales will decrease if the current climate continues so the big names will technically be worth less to the clubs.  i also think advertisers will be less inclined to sign new multi-million dollar deals to be associated with sports names as the market contracts, in doing so, it's possible clubs will receive less of kick back from these earnings further hurting the bottom line.

as well, if you think about it from a market sense can you imagine anyone paying 100 million for a ceo from a successful company? no, but clubs will pay that amount for what amounts to someone who is good at kicking a ball.  while clubs have a semi-guaranteed income from tv deals, prices for sports events and especially season tickets have increased year-on-year to the point that they are actually very expensive now.  the coming year will show whether the market can support such prices.

it's also worth noticing that a large amount of money invested in clubs that are publicly traded comes from fans, whereas long term investors avoid such investments.

basically sports clubs are over valued due to the previous bear market and are probably in line to be devalued hugely of the bottom drops out of the market.
united wouldn't have won the league without him. they better use that money wisely to buy a replacement.
why people speak of chelsea as a rich club that gives huge amounts of money to get the best players in the world, when real spent more money on them than 10-15 top clubs put together! including chelsea. 


read the piece before commenting, please.
i for one am glad he's leaving. i can't stand him. 
great headline (i think from the la times):


"hairgel industry in north-west of england takes devastating blow"
no one should.

man utd have a large, gifted team in which many players can play in ronaldo's position. it's good to hear that we'll get £80m from his transfer, but this has already alerted the other clubs and they'll be raising their prices up about 30-50% for their other players. 

it's time for man utd's second team to shine. we'll never be able to replace ronaldo, but he won't be missed due to his antics and his unwillingness to play for us. let's just take the money, leave it in our piggy bank and continue with what we've got. next year the prices will go down and we'll be in a better position to replace him.
gimme a fucking break. it's like english writers are just so timely discovering that cronaldo is a cunt. he has always been one, and the press used to shine his balls every week, but now they are heartbroken and ass-raped about the fact that he wants to leave.

and spare all this racist bullshit about how the english man is the pinnacle of civilization, how the english man is fair, and poised, and dignified in itself. like englishmen never traded slaves nor murdered innocents, like every other fucking civilization. (like hooligans are pakistanis...)

so much fucking bs. and then the classic bit about how the premier league is no longer british and lacks "grit"... fuck off you hypocrite! the premier league is widely regarded as the greatest football league on the planet, and rigtly so. also, they are paying your dumbass, and dumbasses like you millions to write this fucking trite bs.
slavery has been illegal in the uk for over 2 centuries. since long before the slave trade really took off in the west. also the royal navy led a unilateral campaign against the slave trade for the bulk of that time.
i can't help but feel that this is a sad day for scottish football. when one of your top two can only dream of landing a man that couldn't cut it in the english premier league you're not as great as you thought.

that being said i would've preferred to see a manager like roy keane or tony adams land the job. celtic would be a fantastic place for tony adams to really cut his teeth in football management after his dire spell on the sinking ship that was portsmouth.

this league will be far easier for mowbray as he now only have one opponent, rangers. as a football fan it worries me that all these billionaires seem to be buying teams in scotland when if a couple of people were to pour even a couple of million into teams like motherwell or hearts then the league would generate far more money, bring more people in and create a truly competitive league.
hypocrites.
sweet - eases the pain of no football
fifa are damn luddites.

that is exactly why they should keep the television sets! fucking blatter is a moron, he's ruining the game.
seriously, don't read reddit then. or just disable soccer.
men against boys (again).
why dont they remove those irritating horns?
where's my american revolution in soccer i was promised in the 80ies?
iraq, a common typographical misconception for egypt.
fire bradley!
the title is a little bit misleading
fire his ass now!!!

seriously, concacaf is so weak and we have enough talent that anyone off the street could coach us and we'd qualify for a world cup.

the us national coach's job is to get us past the first three games of these competitions and take us to the promised land. 

bradley has clearly failed.

fire him!!
i'm just wondering, what did you expect the outcome to be exactly?
was his meant to be surprising?
the eightyies?
brazil is a vastly superior team, and they proved it again yesterday. watching the game, one thing that stood out was the pace with which brazil moved the ball around the field. using very few touches on the ball they controlled the game. the united states averaged 4 or 5 touches per player and their pace of play was much slower.
it happened, but we're still miles away from the top class of world soccer.  
maybe he forgot it was his *brother* that won the champions league...
you're only as good as your players.
congrats tfc!!!!

i watched the game, well done!

even you barrett, you manged to make up for your early blundering in the game.
it was a great game,  good on vancouver, and congratulations to chad for figuring out which side of the post to put the ball past.
damn the filters i am bound by during the day.
the improbable? how about the impossible?

montreal threw the game. disgusting display. 
it is annoying, but generally i'm able to get used to is and zone it out.  the fact that it is constant actually helps me in not paying attention to it.
wait, so he complained all year about not being offered a new deal, only to turn one down when he finally got the chance?

carlos, i have loved you since your boca days but come on man. 
tevez is a quality player and any manager would be lucky to have him so it might not be a bad idea for arsene to look into it.
i'm glad i'm not the only one annoyed by that stuff.
unbelievable.

for our trouble, we get spain.  but i'll take it.  holy crap.
my money is on a spain-brazil final with spain coming out on top. being a non-italian in a very italian neighborhood i'm also pretty pleased with italy losing.  if i never hear the words forza italia again it'll be too soon.
i only saw the last 10 minutes of the match.  it felt like an hour.
did-a somebody else-a read-a this-a article in very thick italian accent-a?
same here. i can block it out now.
oh, the umanities!
i caught the last 20 minutes, and what an amazing 20 minutes they were. dempsey's goal... perfect.
it was an unbelievable match! easily the best football i have ever seen an american team play. over the last two matches usa didn't deserve to share the same pitch as the other teams, but they pulled back an impressive deficit and put themselves in the semi's.

the usa team and mls annoy me, but they've shown true class this time and have won the respect of much of the world. 

if anything this victory saddens me. the team clearly tried their hardest and came through when everyone had written them off, yet they'll return not as heroes but as a team from a sport few people care about.
owen! thank god! back to liverpool with you.
madrid can go to hell! visca el barca!!!
wasn't acquafresca popular in the '70's?
ugh they still exist?  not like i have cable at this point either
do you guys have espn in the uk?
and there goes any excitement i had over this news. i can't get setanta on time warner cable so i won't see any of these matches.
don't mean any offence, but why do you submit news in dutch to the international reddit?
i just lost the game.
nobody wants to see this shit
damn! i was winning for months, and now failed miserably. 
hopefully this guy can find the net, unlike our other so called 'strikers'.

yes, i'm talking about you chad
maybe we need a dutch soccer subreddit...
"according to the pro-government newspaper iran, four players – ali karimi, 31, mehdi mahdavikia, 32, hosein ka'abi, 24 and vahid hashemian, 32 – have been "retired" from the sport"

this is getting ridiculous now.
i understand the players' sentiment, and i know that iran is simply acting stupidly, but what did the players expect?

mousavi is not the man who will change iran's government, and has no authority to go against the supreme leader, the "democratic" system, or the military.

the protests are sociopolitically effective and shall force iran to rethink their leadership.  the nation may even be ripe for a coup, but those who are protesting should be aware that, without any major logistical support in the form of a split in leadership, this will merely play out like another [june fourth incident](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/june_fourth_incident), changing nothing.
i'm still speechless. i thought there was no chance in hell
hooray for the box scramble. hell yes, usa!
didn't want to spoil the game for the tivoers.  but holy shit.
i'm utterly stunned,   i can't believe this actually happened.

since when did the us put together a 'soccer' team and know how to use it??

hope this gives mls a bit of a boost
good for usa and concacaf. 

mexico won't have a chance in their next match :-(
so, does usa has a chance against brazil? considering they already lost a few days ago. 

(i am assuming brazil will win their semifinal)

* feel free to point out my grammar mistakes
what an upset, totally unexpected
stupid question. it was a big upset, but let's not get carried away.
america.  fuck yeah!
since at least 2002, get with it ;)
i was in disbelief reading the title, honestly i didn't watch the game because i assumed the spaniards would win. but this is a great upset. 
doooon't stop, believin'
do you have to open every link posted to it?
comin' to win your mother fuckin' world cup!
i want to say "well, no." but frankly, the same was true coming into this game. they just have to play with the same intensity and get the same lucky breaks
well in yanks!!! they found their nuts at the right time, they played with heart and got a well deserved win.
three letters you need to know about north american football.

t - f - c !
t----   f------ c----?
i'll bet howard whishes he was being paid per save in that game... poor everton are going to have to cough up more money for him now...
same for me. i decided to take a nap assuming that spain would mop the floor with them, but usa have done themselves proud. sadly, very few people in america will be celebrating one of the most unlikely victories in sports history.
&gt; * yes, it was amazing
&gt; * no, but it was close


stupid options

didn't even bother watching?
calm down, it's the confederations cup. it was an impressive win and everything, but lets not get carried away.
the azteca is one of the most formidable stadiums to play at. the us will have its hands full

aug 12
&gt;feel free to point out my grammar mistakes


oh, we will. *we will.*
agreed.  awesome, and clearly an upset...but let's not get carried away. :-)
i'm with you mhunter.  i know it's not the biggest prize in the world, but as i told an english friend of mine who had a similar reaction to severedfragile, "when that proverbial blind squirrel finds the equally proverbial nut, sometimes you just have to excuse him when he acts like it's prime rib." :-) i say live it up.
i don't think torres got any service.
i fucking missed the match due to a test in school.  i'm fucking dropping out.
toronto football club
ditto.  spain was playing their a team as well.  they wanted to beat brazil's all time unbeaten record.  who cares if its the measly confederations cup, it is a huge win nonetheless.
i wonder how wynne feels...he is "on" the us national team (i think he got to kick the ball in an early game), and  his neglected tfc "team" also won tonight without him.
this is sparta!!!!!
it *is* sad that people here prefer our football over real football. 
i'll give you three letters: clb.  
columbus. :).
oh, torres had chances. i saw him with the ball 4, 5 times in the box. the us defense actually shut him down. howard came up big with a huge save on torres' great, bottom-right corner shot from freakin' 10 feet away.
well, sir, we beat the #1 team in the world. officially, that gives us at least a chance against anyone in the world. :-).
and without donovan, right?
i think the 30k fans in qwest field are also helping.  go sounders!
good win, good performance, not tear-worthy. burnley fans don't get this excited when they beat liverpool.
i enjoyed the match, especially impressed by how good the usa defense was under pressure but they were lucky not to concede at least a few goals. spain had probably 20 more shots on goal, several million corner kicks and no matter how good a defense is, not conceding under that kind of pressure is luck, not skill. 
arena, who i presume to still be usa manager because he's had the job since 1776, shouldn't count on winning big teams playing like they did yesterday. playing such an uneven defensive game will lose you more than you'll win.
not sure
no
the question still remains, can the u.s score a half-way decent goal? ever?
sounders are definitely setting a high standard for the rest of the league
because liverpool isn't the best team in the nation
"because i'm sure as hell not going to win anything with arsenal"
if i didn't know you to be a dirty liverpool fan, a person would be upset with that snide little comment.
if i didn't know you to be a fan of losing team, i would care.  
yeah, i figured that out (a quick google search illuminated).  but there are so many *alternative* (and imo more appealing) substitutions. ;)
your argument does not hold water, and your comments only prove your lack of perspective.  this is the one of the greatest victories in *american* football, and if you cannot see it from their viewpoint, then you're simply blind.

yeah, sure, this is the confed. cup, but this is no friendly, and both teams had to *earn* the right to vie for it.  by all presuppositions, it should have been a spain-brazil final (or maybe italy).

how would burnley fans feel if they won the premiership (after a very long hiatus), qualified for the champions league, or beat barca in a tournament?
replayed same-day ("instant classic") where i live.  would have been better live, though...
true that.  yet the chances are made slimmer by the fact that we *did* beat spain.  if we beat egypt or some other team to make the final, brazil would be a bit more complacent.  this result will dispel any notion of that, and force their resolve despite the recent 3-0 drubbing.
don't know why you're voted down for this.  the first goal was a mistake on capdevila's part (for over-playing the defense), and the second was no small gift to dempsey.

still, both goals were played and "earned", and neither were own-goals.  and the us defense was actually quite impressive for a 14-ranked team.
seriously. link to one example of an impressive goal by the u.s and i will down vote myself.
you're right. but spain played us right after that amazing 3+3+3 thing that happened, they should have known we were on fire. i'm sure they did. i'm sure they came on the field thinking they would have to fight to win. they fought. they fought hard. we fought harder. brazil will be a bit more wary but if we play like we did against spain it will at least be a very, very tight match.
um, yeah that's not happening, skippy
&gt;so, does usa **have** a chance against brazil**, c**onsidering they already lost a few days ago**?**
that's how we roll son. end your goddamn winning streak. america! goddamn.
i'd have to say *mhunter2* found a good one.  i think you're being downvoted for snark.  the point is fairly sound, but the attitude earns little respect.  us strikers are *not* brazil's or argentina's, but "ever?" is pretty extreme.
my view of it is that spain was not firing on all cylinders; they certainly did not have the sparkle that showed in earlier matches.  maybe they were as tired as the us, which favors the lesser team imo.
donovan in particular has done nothing but impress me lately. he is not messi, he is not torres but he (as demonstrated) can play along side them.  
__edit:__ to be honest, i could see him as a prem player. he would be no star, but he could play for just about anyone but the big 4.
i don't disagree that torres had chances...and i very clearly remember the shot your talking about.  i'm just saying he was forced to create much of them on his own.
donovan has been more influential (of late) as a good passing mid than a prime striker: point guard, if you will.  he also starts the offensive pressure by being the go-to guy for the outlet pass.

but you're right.  he's been finishing off plays more rarely.
touche, i appreciate the rebuttal. down voted myself. 

to retort, i am in no way "bitter" in regards to the u.s beating spain or egypt. i generally root for the underdog in most sports unless i have a predetermined hatred or a paycheck riding on the game. this was not the case in this match. i missed the game so i was going off of the highlights in the linked page. 

i stand by my point, unremarkable goals, par for the course.
looks like someone painted a zebra blue and then took a dump on it because the blue wasn't shameful enough
god that is terrible.
the most overrated player in the premiership.
remarkable goal by brazil to qualify for the finals, relatively par for the course.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aobttw57x4y
remarkable goal by brazil to qualify for the finals, relatively par for the course.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aobttw57x4y
surely that is too blue to be an away kit. it pretty much clashes with the blue home kit.
if i didn't care, you'd be a dirty snide comment fan!
not adding much to the conversation, but...wow.
i don't believe the us has ever won in the azteca.
at least its not as bad as newcastle  [awful](http://www.myfootballkits.co.uk/849/new-newcastle-away-football-kit-2009-10/)
they haven't. but, we can agree that their chances have never been better.
lets not get ahead of ourselves here.   the sounders are setting a high standard for the rest of the american teams in the league.  

there is nothing the sounders can teach the tfc (other than maybe building a larger stadium to start with).
it's all posted by one guy, [nomark](http://www.reddit.com/user/nomark).  just go downvote all his stuff.  while you're at it, [newslink's](http://www.reddit.com/user/newslink) posts are all in greek...
never mind!
that's every girls' 14-year-old soccer team uniform ever (in the us).   
which should allow for any old person to play pure striker for la with he an beckham, with the amount of services and free balls they should be getting. (i like donovan but la is a joke.)
well, their defense totally sucks.  spent all their money on those two.  the us team survived against spain on defense (and a lotta luck).
goooooo brazilllllll!!!!!!
ya, he really needs to start performing and stop the complaining... u21 hasn't really helped him.
don't sit on my flag, please.
i did a little dance when i heard this. hopefully now it's concrete man united have the money, people will be more likely to move and offers will be made.
brilliant, we lost the games and now we'll never get to see them. at least with setanta you had the choice to subscribe.
a player of his quality getting this treatment? really? i think there are politics involved in this because it can't be purely on his ability.
is tevez being a little bitch, or does he have a legitimate complaint?
a slave earning £11m a year

sign me up for slavery!
with slavery like this who needs employment?
someone doesn't seem to pleased do they.
some day his people will be free.
err? slavery? wtf are you talkin' bout?
[exactly.](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2008/jul/11/manchesterunited.premierleague1)
post articles in english, for fuck's sake. no one can understand this. 
thank you, severedfragile.
not going to happen. next!
the usa will not beat brazil in an international final, for a long time.
but it's always nice to believe
it looks like the us team has found a new type of performance enhancing drug which benefits them in soccer.
oh surely, i still believe in ireland winning the world cup. 
the us doesn't have much of a chance against brazil, but nobody gave them much of a chance against spain before they beat them. if they want to put themselves in a position to win i think the following 5 things need to happen:

1. they need to keep all 11 men on the field for the whole game. even though some of the straight reds were questionable, they need to adapt to that and play carefully.

2. they can't give up the early goal.

3. they have to press the attack. they can't bunker for 90 minutes, hoping for a fluke break away.

4. the good clint dempsey has to show up. not the lackadaisical dempsey who makes careless passes and gives up the ball in the midfield.

5. beezley never sees the field. 
brazil 5 - 0 us
they won't beat spain either... 
great points. we need to be solid on defense and be able to have a good counter attack. however it all depends if landycakes gets space and time to work his magic. 
i love dempsey but he disappears for long stretches and is trying to do too much due to lack of talent. 
missing young bradley will have a negative affect in the midfield. who replaces him and who is match fit?
i am going to assume everyone here doesn't really think the us outplayed spain.  luck had everything to do with the win and will again need to be an integral part of today's game.  get that one fluke goal and pray for solid defense for the remainder of the game.  

and i second michaels0620, tie demarcus beasley to the bench.  never have figured out what his appeal is.
but they have beaten them before, albeit not in a final.
a final is a very different game then any other, they could still win, i'm just saying if i was betting  money i'd go with brazil.
and hope landon donovan plays for you like he did against spain. he was the most creative player on the pitch.
i usually am pretty grumpy about the us team when, say, costa rica wipes the floor with them.  however, i don't think you play a team like spain and win just by luck - at least not any more luck than is present in your average match.  i saw us defenders hurling themselves at the ball, shutting down the spanish attack and very much committed that game.  there was a terrific goal by altidore and the only real bit of luck was dempsey poaching that goal in the penalty box.  

funny thing is had i not seen the game i probably would have automatically agreed with your comment. 
i'd like eto'o to stay if only because i think real's recent trades will make the rivalry with barca even better in this coming year. though i think barca has the edge with messi and eto'o.
i'm impressed they kept relatively straight faces throughout. i know what my response would be probably have been.
[wake up, trigger.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rojpj843mko)
well, well, well. up steps dempsey for a glancing touch. let's see how good brazil are.

edit: touch, not header.
well there's the first goal, and usa are ahead. i'm still in shock from their amazing win over spain, and now they're beating brazil! what the hell is going on?!
"how do you think the us team will respond and play through the tragic death of billy mays?"
they're exploiting brazil's 2-man backline. if you hit brazil on the break, as they've been doing, with a couple of quick passes at pace, you'll trap one or both of their fullbacks upfield and leave at best two defenders and one midfielder exposed. it's the peril of the 'in-field robinho, overlapping fullbacks' system: all's well with the ball, but as soon as you concede possession you need to get your shape straightaway.
thank you, football gods, for proving my point *immediately*.
absolutely. brazil's defence has always been their weakness, and without the flair they're famous for they're definitely beatable. i'm more shocked at how well usa are playing. that second goal was sublime.
brazil the vastly superior team is down 0-2 against usa.
down 0-2 today
something like what is happening today?
indeed it was, beautiful counterattack. quick ball out to a forward posting up, one-touch into space on the wing, and pace, pace, pace, back in for a cool finish. brilliant.
why does the game sound like a beehive?

/soccer n00b
boy you hit the nail on the head
half-time revision:

brazil 4 - 2 usa
[these bastards](http://img.alibaba.com/photo/11542382/soccer_stadium_horn_or_vuvuzela.jpg)

they're common at amateur sports here in north america, and at soccer in africa &amp; south america. horrible creations.
2-0 at the half! maybe ireland will win a world cup after all...
thanks. wtf plastic horns?
yes indeed. they turn regular, friendly, matchgoers into foaming-at-the-mouth-with-rage i'm-going-to-put-that-somewhere-painful monsters. justifiably, though, the damn things are terrible.
kaka, robinho, maicon, silva et al just played a full season in europe. ditto: spain.  they're all gassed.

the mls players on the us side just began their season.  they're fresh. 

no one takes this tournament seriously except for the us.

there - you learned something about soccer today.
i'm exhausted.
and now brazil's equaliser has been denied. replays show it crossing the line, but the ref and linesman missed it. lucky lucky!
and people wonder why we love jfk so much.

[i just realized i should clarify: joe fucking kinnear. not that other one.]
the refs are piss poor in this game.
this is the confederations cup..it's not even a real tournament haha. 
easy now.
it should be 2-2 right now that should have been a god damn goal.
that **was** a goal.
yellow card for not spotting the ball on the right spot? srsly??? wtf...
and that *was* a goal, and *was given* as a goal. 2-2, and the us can still count themselves lucky.
it should be 3-2..the brazilians scored and the ref ignored it. the lines man should have seen it. 
well now it is...hahahaha
there you go. once they realised the us were camping 8 guys in the middle, and started going around for crosses, things changed and it was inevitable. 4-2 looks on.
i was talking about the goal that was denied. howard was in the goal and "saved" it. the ball clearly crossed the line.
yeah, and i was talking about the goal that was awarded a couple of minutes later. it's good and well if the ball crosses the line, but if the officials don't see it, it doesn't matter. should matter, but doesn't.
3-2 final
i know, i felt the officiation throughout this game was quite poor though. 
4 - 2 imo.
i wouldn't say it was too bad. officiating is the toughest job - we all watch the game with multiple angles, slow-mo replays, analysis, etc. you're asking one person, with the help of two anchored assistants, to see everything that goes on; there will be mistakes. i'm used to watching the standard of the refereeing from the premiership so i've seen some stinkers in my day. tonight's ref could've been better (yes, *that* goal, which thankfully didn't affect the scoreline in the end), but  it's unrealistic to expect a perfect performance.
agreed. your prediction was technically correct :-d
i agree. but the referee needs to control the players..he let a lot of very dirty maneuvers pass and punished some that did not require anything. but in the end i agree it did not have any impact on the final result.  
downvoted for accompanying cronaldo picture.
what an embarrassing result. the first half went perfectly, we came forward when we could, we kept our defensive formation tight and we challenged properly. we came out in the second half like we did the whole game against brazil in the group stage--timid, bunkering down, allowing the brazilian offense to patiently and carefully operate. i knew the game was lost after watching about 10 minutes of the second. awful. just awful.
great game, although once brazil upped their game there was no contest.

america has a fantastic start. they kept players up and the brazilians refused to do anything outside of their midfield, leaving an open defence and some great skill from the usa to score their first two goals. if brazil were to keep that performance up i could almost see dunga losing his job.

however, brazil finally moved up to attack and showed some much-needed urgency about their play. ironically, i think that bob bradley asked his team to step back and defend a bit more to savour their lead and that probably led brazil with the opportunity to do what they do best.

what really surprised me, other than the usa's ability to play counter-attacking football was their lack of stamina compared to brazil. the team is made up of players either from mls, in which there are fewer matches (to my knowledge) than most european leagues, or players that play in europe for mid-table teams that rarely progress outside of their league competitions. the best thing about the usa squad throughout this campaign has been their work-rate, but at the expense of stamina in a final this is worrying! i can't help but feel that the americans would've been able to hold off brazil if they had played more football.

regardless of the result the usa have done themselves proud to challenge one of the worlds best teams. it saddens me to think that if they would've won this competition very few people back home would've cared. still, this result should be the wake-up call that mls needs to progress their league format and adopt a more european approach. the concacaf champions league is a great step, but i'd like to see mls buy out usl and instead of giving franchises out adopting a promotion/relegation system to make the league worth fighting for.
yeah you have a point. i find that to be a major with officiating in the professional game - there's no real control of players. how many times have players like rooney, ronaldo, drogba, etc been openly disrespetful towards a ref and faced no consequences? very frustrating!
i agree bobstar, they really are taking advantage of brazil's backline. anyway, brazil winnnnnss!
http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/8wgpo/annddd_brazil_wins_the_confederations_cup_32/
http://soccerinstyle.com/confederations-cup-final-brazil-wins-3-2-usa-with-stats/
indeed.  i couldn't even keep a straight face at home.
well, yeah, but it was a revision. i was surprised at how hard the us came out, and how it set the brazilians back on their heels at first. but i think we all knew what the outcome was going to be. great game!
yeah it was a really good game. your exactly right i can't knock the us for their efforts for a little while they looked in control!
is that their home kit?
away, i think
poor newcastle.  maybe they intend to impair their opponents vision.
&gt;i knew the game was lost after watching about 10 minutes of the second.

i'd have said after about 45 seconds.
i don't think it was a problem of bradley telling them to defend deeper. if you watch highlights of the first half, the us are defending in two banks of four with the back line on the edge of the area. they couldn't really get deeper than that.

i think the difference was more of an adjustment in brazil's attack (less cutting inside and thus into the lion's den, and more to-the-outside crossing), and the confidence that comes after you've broken through. once brazil got their first, it got them going and at that point it was only a matter of time before the equaliser. hell, they went on to put another three past howard (of course, only two counted).

that said, the us played their system perfectly in the first half. they defended solidly (though brazil played into their hands), and the key to any 'soak it up' strategy is having outlets to clear to: the american forwards did a brilliant job of anticipating changes in possession and being in space for the ensuing pass, and keeping hold of the ball once they got it. unfortunately, it's tough to defend like that for 90 minutes, let alone against a team with players like robinho &amp; kaka. no matter how resolute your defending is, players of that calibre will manage to find an inch here or there, and know how to punish you with it.

a great game, and i think the americans can be very proud of their performance in the tournament and the final. they knocked out the european champions and took a two-goal lead against brazil, losing only in the last 6 minutes.
i'll start it off. i'm half-english, so when it comes to international football, i rally behind england, despite their incredibly consistent record of disappointment.

as for club football, i'm a passionate liverpool supporter and have been since i can remember. i've got family from round there, love the history.
portland timbers (usl !)because i am rose city till i die!!!!

mls 2011!!! early revival of the shittle flounders rivaly on 7/3!!!

national team is the mens and womens us team.
well because i am in the us :)
i've enjoyed for years the beautiful arsenal brand of football. i could even say that dennis bergkamp thought me to love and play the game.

as far as national teams go, i don't ascribe myself to the concept of "nation", so i support whatever team choses to plays quality football in any given match or tournament. and as most, i tend to have a soft spot for the courageous underdog.
chelsea only because of didier drogba
i am a pretty die hard liverpool fan. i think the club has a certain quality of class that a lot of other clubs lack. i also like bobstar really enjoy their history.

national teams i root for the us if they are playing but i really enjoy watching spain. part of that is because the whole liverpool contingent in the spanish national team.
fulham fc - they took a chance on mcgod (mcbride) when i was living there while studying at brunel and have supported them since.

usa - i live here and wouldn't feel right supporting another nation
i love that the term startospheric is being used for this. it is such an awesome word.
i live in the us- but i support first france, then serbia.

in terms of clubs, it depends on what country, but usually its either barca or st. etienne. 
great headline!  i loled.
i currently live in canada but am portuguese so national team is portugal and club sl benfica (born in lisbon). though, after living the last 5 years in manchester, england, i've come to support the english national team (when they don't play portugal that is :d) and club man u
the way 2004 &amp; 2006 went, england and portugal became very close enemies! we had some dicey moments with portuguese fans here in montreal; things can get lively.
i have a friend who became an arsenal fan because of bergkamp; we could trace it back to that legendary goal against argentina at france '98. he was a genius of a player, such skill and composure.
i'm from norwich, england. so i support norwich city, and england. it also goes someway to explaining why i'm a sucker for perennial underachievers. 
i'm from cheddar, near bristol so it's bristol city, but in the premier league, which is all i can watch in sweden, i go for portsmouth as it's the only team in it that i have connections to, half my family are from there. 
in spain i'm a barca fan, they are fucking legendary i love them, and it's pretty much the only place in spain i have frequented, i love it.

national teams, obviously england. after the debaucle that was euro 08 qualifying, it's good to know our place in the world cup next year is pretty much guaranteed.
prepare to be boarded on wednesday...i hear there are a dozen buses full of blue and green.

(from a new sounders fan who doesn't get the portland rivalry yet)

seattle sounders fc, since i live next door to qwest field, or as we like to call it "royal brougham park" (after the road bordering the stadium).

i'm new to soccer, besides typical schoolyard exposure.  i've been fortunate to experience the beginning of the most supported team in the us...it's truly stunning to see this level of enthusiasm here.  beyond that, obviously the usa international team.  going to see the sounders play chelsea and barcelona here in the next two months, should be a treat.
congrats to tim howard.
damn you usa, now we'll never win the world cup.
muh....wha...mssmm...arse....stupid dreams :-(
i thought the us played well, i'd never watched a confederations cup match before.
i should start by saying "this is not a forum", but i do imagine they'll be playing some strikers in midfield positions.
i'm an american.  i support italy, england, real madrid, milan, juve, bologna, chelsea, arsenal (yes i know- those last two and milan/juve make no sense).
one of the greatest ever.
i would be ecstatic at 12 sounders buses :)
the army tends be much more traveled.

it looks like you are fairly new (very?) to the local aspect of the sport.
the portland, seattle, vancouver rivalry is pretty good.  i am damned excited to see it back together in 2011
i am pretty happy to see only a few man u fans, living in the states it seems like every one i meet is a man u fan.
i'm not sure about that. while it's not the most popular game in the country, hockey is definitely still a staple sport and it's low-scoring game. the problem is that people assume that low scores = low excitement, which is just not the case. this confed cup showed a lot of people that soccer definitely can be just as, if not more, dramatic as american sports.
get some perspective.

very few countries have actually won the world cup. i'm english. we last won it in 1966 -- 43 years ago! unless you are brazilian, german or italian, chances are that your country will not win anything in your life time. that's the reality of watching international soccer. it's the same for all of us.
great comeback.  i'm glad they finally woke up in the second half and came back even after being robbed of an obvious goal.
surely you jest.
yeah, dime a dozen. though for a little bit, those fans traded in their man utd shirts for chelsea, but they'll probably be back to man utd now.
really?   really guys??  this is absolutely ridiculous. 

as if us soccer isn't enough of a joke already to the masses,  this isn't going to help.

there are probably more chicanos in california interested in football than there football fans in a medium sized european country but the latter is likely to have a much better league than the mls. the problem with breaking into the american market lies rather in the lack of a working alternative to the american "sport franchise" system than in a lack of interest from the american people. running a major franchise costs a lot of money and i understand why investors aren't keen on betting on anything else than a winning horse (mlb,nfl or nba). changing the mls into a division format would make football a contender for the top sport in the usa in 20 years time.
should have gone to giggs.
for gooners on reddit:

http://www.reddit.com/r/gunners/

242 subscribers and counting!
you seem to have all the bases covered there.
&gt; there are national teams in many football powerhouse nations who didn’t even get into the tourney.

does the author understand how you enter the tournament? many of these powerhouse nations in europe have to win the probably 2 toughest tournaments around (world or euro cup) to enter.

i'm not trying to diminish the accomplishment of the american team, it was a great show and you certainly earned it. i also expect you to make a good show next year.
didier drogba, one of the greatest ever? how big is that list?

[disgrace](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkhqznhcxme)
come on england!! without hart, walcott, or agbonlahor, but we can do it!
walcott is playing. 
sorry, brain fart... agbonlahor &amp; campbell are out, so walcott is up front.
vassell, caicedo, jo and bojinov will all be sold this summer. i'm also fairly positive that we will buy lescott and k. toure.
and doing his usual headless chicken impersonation.

it's already 1-0 to germany after 20 mins.
prediction: england 0 - 3 germany.
i'm from denmark and rally behind our own national team. we're doing quite well in the world cup qualifications.

for club football i live in aarhus, denmark and cheer on our local heroes of agf. i go to pretty much every game i can. i don't really have a favourite foreign club team. i love watching premier league and the european cups, but no real favourites. 
what was loach playing at with that second german goal? terrible positioning and reaction. oh dear.
those are some nice moves!
got any ideas about lottery numbers?
never you mind.
i can provide you some; might i suggest that once you receive them, you add each value by one. ;)
the whole game was embarassing for england, and english football i thought. we lacked any goal threat, couldn't keep the ball in the german third and our defence was naive.
usa--colorado rapids
[here are all of the awards](http://www.fifa.com/confederationscup/awards/index.html)


absolutely. no one from the england side really came away with any credit. milner had flashes, but there wasn't really much going on. sadly looked like every time england gets 'too far' in a tournament. but they're the kids, and capello's done some decent work with the senior side, so i'm (very cautiously) optimistic for next summer.
excellent. i'll give you half the money i don't win.
oh no no they will all become real madrid fans now.
i think they've always been real fans too. and whichever italian team is doing well as of late. muppets.
damn 4-0.... go germany! i'm actually in germany right now....
it didn't bother me one bit.
i watch all games on t.v and it really drives me nuts. i don't know why, i'd rather hear singing and chanting, just not those instruments &lt;_&lt; but i mean if i were actually at the stadium, maybe they would be alright.
can't believe milan let him go. seriously stupid move, especially with kaka gone now. it's basically a bunch of septuagenarians and alexandre pato now. 
can't stand them. i don't see the appeal of an incessant, loud, droning noise. i'm a huge fan of singing at games, but those horns are terrible.
saw that a while ago and i'm still in awe. the commentator hit it spot on when he called it a zidane masterpiece.
i think the prawn flu epidemic has been culling their numbers.
i hate every team you like besides bologna and the arse. we should go drinking together some time.
great player when he wants to be, one of the best cfs in the game when he's on form, absolute twat every second he spends on grass.
i don't know why you got downvoted. i think fulham are becoming a lot of people's second team in the premier league.
liverpool, swansea city, barcelona, argentina.

second teams include fulham, napoli and spain (mainly because of their liverpool and barcelona players).
from what i hear they are a pretty new thing to the sa soccer scene. their used to be a select few guys who would have real animal horns and would blow them during the match. this of course is awesome and many people were jealous and when a factory got some access to some cheap plastic they pumped out similar horns. so about ten years ago everyone has started blowing into these the whole match. so it isn't part of their tradition and isn't something that would stifle their culture.
at first i thought my tv was broken, but i eventually got used to the vuvuzelas. what i don't like is that they don't give the game any atmosphere, there's no chanting, you can barely hear the gasps and shouts as goals are scored and missed, fouls committed etc, which make the game even better to watch.
rather come to cape town, you can have a beer with me. on a side note, south africa has hosted the rugby world cup, cricket world cup and ipl with great success. i know the swc is much much bigger, but we have a great track record.
there's very few players in the world i can imagine scoring that goal. i hope he moves to a league that they actually show on tv.
this is my main complaint.  it reduces the crowd reaction to a dull drone.  i really miss the cadence of the chanting.
the horns are not that annoying. the annoying thing is anyone who is watching a game for the first time walks into the room watches politely for a minute or two and then says what the heck is that noise. depending on where you are this can happen upwards of 20 times. there should just be a message across the bottom that explains the whole thing so regular fans don't have to explain in to every dude who walks into the bar...
more than anyone currently playing, this guy will score for you when you are up against it and there is silverware on the line.

it's that simple.   he is a winner.  he is clutch.  any active player you mention pales in comparison.
i don't remember him contributing much the last time you got to a champions league final. not clutch enough? how about all those chances he missed against barca this time around?

at times, he's a fantastic player, virtually unplayable and one of the best in the world. but anyone whose been watching the sport for more than 5 years can't honestly call him one of the greatest ever. fittingly, it's just the chelsea fans.
wigan's done some pretty good business this last season, how much did they make from palacios? i'm sure they'd have liked to keep at least one of them, but if you have to be a selling club, might as well be a good selling club.
i've seen him play since his days with marseille. he's a very, very good player, with strength, agility, and a very quick and powerful shot. i totally respect his ability, but to say he's one of the best strikers of all time a bit quick to the gun, no? again, what size list are we talking? top 10? 25? 50? 100?

i chose that highlight because i find it to be hilarious, and one of many instances of extremely poor sportsmanship that drogba has shown since his arrival at chelsea. i am an admirer of his skill, but the guy hasn't got an ounce of class in his play.

edit: just to throw his chelsea stats in there, 94 goals in 216 games, which is a good strike ratio of 1/2.3. he did 14 in 42 this past season for 1/3, which isn't bad, but i'd expect more from my centre forward. say, something like 50 in 84 from the best of all time™, fernando torres.
'more clutch than anyone else'? where was he when his team needed him most in the champions league final? getting sent off for *slapping* vidic.

you want clutch? how about steven gerrard scoring on the volley from 40 yards, suffering from cramp, in injury time, to push the fa cup final to overtime? or scoring the first goal in the comeback against milan a year previous? or thumping it in from 25 yards with 5 minutes left to go through to the knockouts against olympiakos the same year? do you want more clutch from gerrard? just ask. 

let me guess... liverpool didn't deserve to win the champions league, and luis garcia's shot never crossed the line, right? seriously, jose, you've moved on to inter, time to let things go.
yeah, i find myself supporting spain - not just 'our' players (torres, alonso, riera, reina, arbeloa), but becoming a big fan of some of the others, too.
count me in. i don't really care much for arsenal; i suppose i softened on them once chelsea became the unbearable twats they are. didn't baggio play for bologna?
a really good, balanced review of rafa's time at anfield. we're so close with him, this summer could really have the final pieces falling into place. keep hold of xabi &amp; masch, add a bit of skill in attack/backup for torres, and another title challenge is on the cards.

we have got our man from spain,
he's gonna make us great again
that is why we sing his name,
rafael benitez!
damn! you answered the question and got downvoted.  probably because you are a united fan.. that sucks. im a man utd fan aswell because of cantona.
drogba sent liverpool packing two years in a row in cl. you have selective amnesia.  you're nothing but a liverpool fanboy who cannot bear to think drogba is better than anyone on your side.  and he is.  reality has backed me up on this.
it's annoying as hell. part of what i don't like about it is that it is constant. when sa played spain when sa scored in extra time to tie it up, it sounded like there was no reaction from the crowd. just that same damn buzz at the same damn level. it was odd. when they showed the crowd in the replays, they were jumping up and down, but the sound never changed.

how hard would it be (in software or hardware) to filter out just the vuvuzelas?
i couldn't see all the lineups for each fixture, but browsing through bbc's results list for this past season, drogba has a few game-winners, but there are a large amount of losses or draws where a clutch player would step up, here or there, to win a point or two.

you're not listening to me. i put forth one situation, on *the* biggest stage of club football, where he could've stepped up and been mr clutch, either by finding a goal or taking john terry's place in that hilarious shoot-out. i keep mentioning his lack of sportsmanship because this is a perfect example of how it prevented him from doing anything clutch. he acted like a bitch, got sent off, and fucked his team him. fairly anti-clutch, no?
don't get me wrong, i love him for what he did for us.  but as long as he releases statements such as "crouch has been fantastic this season, i wouldn't consider selling him,"  and thinking that we're just a scott parker and phil neville away from being title contenders, i will maintain that he is not the right man for the job.
i was expecting a christiano ronaldo fansite.
depends how the gel. still utd. for me
oh crap they are playing on sunday! 


whatever - it's part of the game.
is there going to be an entire category devoted to ronaldo?
i just watched gilardino's... it's hard to believe he actually did that...
what would it take for reddit, or a group of redditors, to be an official shirt sponsor? 
manchester united plz!!!


something about how it proved he was a red....
i didn't see that in the article, but if he indeed said that... it makes me sad :(
haven't even seen him play since he's been signed to us.  total waste of funds.
you spent 10 minutes looking at diving compilations you complete spack, of course they're going to be clear cut in slow mo camera.

be the ref in a game and with imperfect information or vision, with players going down at slight contact and you've got a problem.

i've been a ref, it's not a fucking easy job.
thanks, man :\
because the search will find it as you type, also ie is so terrible that you are better off just looking for the word yourself.  
he drank too much jager and fell off a stool, now he's on his way to liverpool.

not gonna lie, it is painful seeing him hold that shirt... :(

as much as i wanted the 50 mill (or 40 or whatever the agreed deal was), and how useless it is to hold to a player who doesn't want your team, it still hurts...
could be said for most of the players moving around this window
it's all the more ambiguous considering you don't have a crest beside your name. i guess everyone will agree with you though.
actually i think an interesting exercise would be for more contact to be allowed in the game. two players going for the ball; some contact is expected. unless it is a sliding tackle from behind, or an elbow to the head, play goes on.

in most games there is already a lot of push and shove, esp during corner kicks, it just seems to be up to the player and the referee which ones get called...
the interview he gave was even more painful.  from what i saw (before i had to turn it off) he gave no thanks to the liverpool fans, and basically stuck the knife in.
he's been a failure in the states, what makes him think he wont continue being a failure if he goes back to europe?
[it kind of did.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfswzcn39_q&amp;t=0m46s) barely, but it still sort of kind of somewhat did.
i got it from the soccernet live chat - apparently from chelseatv

i didn't click on the article.
i look forward to copious amounts of drogba submissions. 
thanks for insulting me and then saying the exact same thing i said.
you have to realize a lot of what coaches say is hyperbole. arry doesn't necessarily believe crouch has been great, it's bargaining. *create an inflated sense of worth, drive up the price.*
pfft, what a football player does off the pitch is none of anybodies business. papers hounding players pisses me off and i don't care what they do in their personal life.

diouf is scum on the pitch though. he's done so many shitty things it'd take me a while to cite them all, but have [this](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-1345647/el-hadji-diouf-targets-jamie-mackie-broken-leg.html) and [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_hadji_diouf#controversies).

oh and "after being involved in a bust-up with a ball boy at everton in september 2009, in february last year, he was warned by police after a tunnel altercation with former liverpool team-mate steven gerrard."

this isn't even including all the horrible tackles he's given people, off the ball fouling and general unsportsmanship. i wouldn't be surprised if the whole qpr debacle is the reason he is moving. he should have been sacked but where's the profit in that?

&gt;  a professional all the way

lol
i never said ban anyone. fines would be a deterrent. thats what fines are for. 
i love how they cheered the there lungs out.. 
that's one of the major failings of soccer.

more refs, a clock that's stopped when the fucking ball is out of play and the ability for the ref to stop a play and award the ball to the proper team.

it's not 1888 anymore, yet soccer seems to be stuck there.
maybe even win a trophy!
thanks, that's the best comment i've read on here all night and i'm glad to see some fans can see beyond their own team.  

that statement by torres was a bit of a disgrace imo.  he could have come out and explained it was a very tough decision, and he felt a lot for liverpool and thanked the fans for all their support, but at this stage in his career and with the club where it was he had no option bla blah blah.

i would have perhaps had some sympathy then.  but no, he just stuck the knife in and he won't be welcome any time soon on merseyside now.
why can't they move the game to a neutral venue? 
nesv has been great since they came in. as a l'pool fan i have nothing but praise at how they've run things so far.
he did say it in the interview.  he's been doing a pretty poor job of impersonating a top class footballer in the last few months anyway imo, if he wants to play that card.
ronaldo should have his own section on this website.
the sales of kerosene and lighters are going to go up now since people from liverpool want to burn any torres #9 jerseys...


my only concern with these transfer activities is that harry harris' reports are actually credible... :p
and so could torres. 
you'd have a good point if he didn't continually start him up front over and over again, while leaving pavlyuchenko (who is better in every imaginable category save height) on the bench.

crouch is a player that is very useful to have on the bench, he can really change the dynamics of a game when he comes on.  but he has no place starting for a "title contender"
i had the same thought
that actually looks more like a slip
maybe even one european cup?
the fines would have to be high enough that they actually had an impact, which simply causes money to be an even bigger influence since those paid well enough can risk attempting dives whereas as those who aren't can't.

fines have disproportionate effects biased against low paid players (and teams).  bans are equal but can't be used too liberally over any half-suspected dive.
hopefully, someday...

after so many near misses though, i've learned not to get my hopes up.
they have also had to pay him over the last 4 years of course.
berbs(besides this year), anderson, hargreaves, and carrick
then make the fine a certain percentage of the salary.
it is so easy to slip up in europe.  

couldn't resist, sorry.  sort of.  sunday's going to be fun isn't it?
if i was anywhere near redditch i would, but alas i am not, sorry. :(
any link to the interview?
it's okay, i'm sure you feel the same way about the premiership. :p

and yeah, it should have an awesome atmosphere, torres is going to get some abuse if he plays though.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhlm_vk5abq
it is going to take me a while to stop hating him. 
i feel more for newcastle fans to be honest.  least we've got a couple of new players in with the cash gained from torres sale.
they're left with nothing (ashley is bound to piss the cash away) and to make it worse he's a geordie.  came through the ranks.  local hero etc...  


[his interview on chelsea tv](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhlm_vk5abq)
1. put up reddit alien on shirt

2. get online shopping

3. don't increase the £28 price and make decent international shipping


it still has the same problem.

even though a player on £100,000 per week loses proportionately the same amount as a player earning £1,000 per week they aren't receiving the same punishment.

the more you earn, the less risk is involved in trying it on, especially since the rich clubs can always offset the loss of wages.
i didnt downvote you btw.

hes been a prick i said that. but he didnt fuck his mates wife, he didnt beat on some dude because he wanted different music, he didnt fuck some hooker and pay her £300 quid for cigs. nor did he fly kick a crystal palace supporter. zidane headbutted a player in the wc final. rijkaard spat in rudi vollers ear. shit happens.

hes nowhere near as bad as some of these so called "role models" that are running round that league, and personally i think he doesnt deserve all of the shit that comes his way.
nah, after the 15th time it just starts getting tedious to be honest.  
now that we've let united catch up though and gave them a little head start (it's theirs this year) i'm sure we'll make more of an effort.

you guys going to be getting the flags out i assume?
our cheque book proved he was a red
carroll, carroll
35 million, fuck me dead
carroll, carroll
he came from newcastle on the train
does anyone know if he can play the game?
andy carroll, liverpool's no. 9

is he cup-tied?
manu.... but yeah i giggled as i put it.
i wouldn't say failure. that injury with milan didn't help his cause but his on the field play has been solid. he scores of fks, works the midfield, etc. definitely not fair to say he's a failure - just waning.
don't be so sure of that, you might not even make the cl next year. he will keep your medical staff busy, however. and next year when he loses interest and sulks around playing half-assed (when he does manage to get healthy) i'll be very amused. 
screaminggerman, you of all people should know better than to link to that shitty tabloid!
gotta disagree mate. comparing him to other players who have done shitty things doesn't make him look any better. what do you think of joey barton?
nope.  would be incredibly stupid for chelsea to buy him in january if he was cup-tied.
that's the most ridiculous quote i have ever heard.  god damn him.
fuck him, i say. if he wants to discredit the support that the fans have given him and turn on the fans, i say we turn on him.

fuck the goals he's scored. he will never go down as an anfield legend. he had the potential to be a true legend, but not anymore.
according to the orthography of german, when umlauts are not available, moenchengladbach is the correct spelling.
heh, the pikey went to the dippers.
http://i698.photobucket.com/albums/vv341/ben200493/hahah.png
many newcastle fans will be crying on february 1st
not for europe.
**note:** redditch is the *official* team of /r/soccer
&gt;it's actually very easy to lose your balance and go to ground due to minimal, or even no contact

i'm aware, i played striker for years, but an elite referee is basically an authority on making this kind of interpretation. all of your arguments boil down to, "it's hard to judge the nuance of a play"- the referee should not only be able to make that kind of decision, they already are by not giving a card, or granting play on, or calling a foul.

barton is another one. only difference here is he has embarassed his clubs. for example when he came back from injury, and on the first match he got that red card for hacking down the player at the corner flag. that's idiotic. and to me there is no saving a guy like that. take the man out of the ghetto.... i find it hard to think about them the same, because barton should know better i feel, but dont ask me why, thats just how i feel.
he clearly didn't watch the u17 championship, we have a good group coming through and the england team of the next 10 years or so has the potential be quite technical with players like wilshere, mceachran and rodwell in midfield.
what it is about diouf i think, i once saw an interview, where he said "im the type of player if like the manager i will give everything for him" he basically meant if the manager is a dick so am i, but big sam gives me respect so i be cool for him. now i know that attitude is not the right one. but at least he was honest. i prefer that. these guys these days lie like thieves. 

he conflicts me.
i hate coaches *playing for a draw*. after watching liverpool draw it's way out of the title race a few years ago i think it's the most terrible idea ever. teams should just go full force for the win. statistically speaking if you play for the win and average 1 win for every 3 losses you will end up with more points at the end of the season. the only caveat is if your opponent is near you in the standings you have to worry about gifting them points.
no gerrard or torres?
he replied saying he just added it to that section.
hah. take that scousers!

*slowly backs out of the room*
you're thinking of aberdeen (the granite ii mean, not the deep fried shit).  anyway, why do we have to deal with that tosser. we've already got lafferty. that's enough arsehole for one club surely.
really?!! did you see the look on his face when he realised he hadn't got a penalty? blatant dive.. 
damnit diouf is only on loan to the rangers...oh well i will take what i can get.
dimaria really has a problem with this. it annoys the crap out of me because he has the ability and the speed to not be needing to do this shit
[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlc-ked49og](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlc-ked49og)

problem is that everton don't play for the draw. the team has no out and out striker. beckford is hit and miss, saha looks lost and disinterested at times, yakubu got loaned out and anichebe just can't cut it at this level, not after his injury.

i have a lot of confidence in saying that if everton had a good to very good striker, they'd be sitting in either 6th or 7th. 
so you do understand why it isn't strictly enforced through yellow cards?
yeah, what a classless asshole. i hope he tears a hammy and chelsea fall out of a cl spot. 
or just watch ssn. 
[interview here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhlm_vk5abq)

the exact quote i heard from this video was:

&gt;"the target for every footballer is to try to play in one of the top level clubs in the world and i can do it now."

only slightly less offensive, but i put it down to english being his second language.
hahahaha. utterly brilliant.
yeah, you make a great argument here. i've never liked the way big sam manages a team though (especially as an arsenal fan) the over physical play is not something i'm a fan of (bolton and stoke come to mind). i swear he's sent his players out and told them to kick the opposition around the pitch, but hey, it works. if diouf is being told by his manager to do that, to be aggressive, then you can't blame him too much even if i don't like it.  
i agree chelsea may regret this purchase. can you see a front line of drogba, anelka, torres in any combination? torres/drogba definitely are not really compatible on paper. both don't really do anything to bring anyone else into play and just hang onto the last defender. we'll see though.

this was the right thing to do in regards to torres, but not to carroll. 35 mil is absolutely ridiculous for him. he might be worth 15-20, and i can see 25 considering what bent got, but shit... 35? villa went for 33! i like carroll and i like suarez, but we should have held onto the money until the summer. the only thing i can think of is that uefa fair play policy might have blocked anything big from happening this summer and that 50 mil would just sit there, but i have no real idea how that would work.
reddit on shirt. international shipping. post on reddit. 

do these things!

good luck!
so david luiz isn't cup tied even though benfica was in champions league this season?
haha, i'm guessing some chelsea fan somewhere is trying to make a torres banner, or coming up with a torres chant right now.
his armband said he was a red, torres torres,
but roman came and turned his head, torres torres,
went to the club that gives out flags,
and where the captain shags the wags,
fernando torres, keep an eye on ya bird
or lack there of
1. ouch
2. burn

do you feel better now knowing that you almost signed somebody?
we have the oldest football song still in use, "on the ball city":

kick it off, throw it in, have a little scrimmage,  
keep it low, splendid rush, braaavo, win or die,  
on the ball city! never mind the danger,  
steady on, now's your chance,  
hurrah! we scored,  
city! city! city!

i think the most original song we have about a player is this:

simon lappin king of spain, king of spain, king of spain  
simon lappin king of spain  
he looks spanish

[he's scottish](http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4011/4604106637_abe62f562e.jpg)
ouch
if you want a giraffe type player you can have bender.
i guess i'm late to this party...  bayern münchen, bitte.
i love it when ray shuts phil up or tells him point blank that he is wrong. and then phil resorts to this uncomfortable low laugh. 
nemanja! nemanja!
he comes from serbia,
he'll fuckin' murder ya!
that quote just made it all the easier to take. later on, you glass-jawed sissy. have fun riding the pine at chelsea after a ladybug lands on your ankle and puts you out for 3 months. 
i x-posted with [r/reddit.com](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/fcr8a/xpost_with_rsoccer_a_plea_from_redditch_united). up vote it so more can see.
this makes me rage. i had no problems with him leaving, not until he went on said things like that. i cannot wait for the reception he gets at anfield. 

i mean how can you possibly say that? it makes me cry. i spent my hard earned money on your damn kits. 
class !
you do know arsenal are not blameless in this "kick the opposition" game, dont you?
oh wow, i thought the guy on the blue team was the one dick on the team who didn't care about fair play. makes more sense now.

gotta say that's my biggest gripe about hockey. in the playoffs last year (probably the year before, actually...) a player got in front of a shot while squatting, and the shot ended up going up into his thigh padding and slamming into his nuts (not sure, but i think he lost one). while he was writhing around in his defensive zone, the other team kept possession (play doesn't stop until the team with the injured player regains possession of the puck) and ended up scoring after like a minute.
but yet you have a barca badge...
yeah, that happens when you've got maicon ahead of you in the pecking order.
seems fair to me.
from what i gathered on soccernet, carroll was instructed to put a transfer request in. it does sound like he was forced out.
i wish i were allowed two badges. i love barca above any other team. if they play against each other i'd root for barca no doubt. but in the epl, only l-pool matters. 
he loves to burn down bridges.
damn dude. that's harsh. 
i'm seeing £35 million. that's great.
i saw this live as well. definitely a burn. and to retaliate, i'll just burn his kit. (okay, okay, maybe just peel the lettering off).
great...another cristiano ronaldo site.
oh the irony.... :d
nope. and i'm a yank who watches a bit of mls. 
if i had any confidence in management i'd be happy.  as it is i'm rather disappointed.
i hate bendtner and i hate diving. i would have preferred he not go to ground. 

what makes it even more frustrating to me is that he had time to be there for the pass and easy shot but had to dive anyways.

wenger obviously seems something in bendy that i don't but moments like this only solidify my opinion that he has a lot to learn before he's more useful than harmful for us

i'd only be happy to win a crooked victory over man u
til shaved andy carroll looks like a woman. 
another midfielder?  no.
still not a bad idea, a site such as that would be divergent enough to be interesting.
i think chelsea are going to make far more off torres shirt sales.
yeah they are. you know the whole country is going to watch that game.
hopefully ireland picks his game up, hes been wasting his talent as of late
"luiz, who made his brazil debut against america last year, will not be eligible for champions league football this season after completing all six of benfica's group games" - chelseafc
guess that's you guys stuck with ameobi and best. best has been looking good of late though that said.
after that chelsea interview? fucking piss in a beer bottle sounds about right.
added drama for sundays match. hope he crashes and burns.

there's definitely still potential on the team.  carroll just could have been a cornerstone for the future had it not been for the crescendo of craziness that has become the prem.
you forget that newcastle doesn't necessarily reinvest back in their club
apparently there was a sniper at parkhead.
if this had happened a week ago i would be ok with it, as it is i'm pretty gutted.
are there any odds out there that carroll shaves his head?
when you put it like that there is no way mike ashley could have said no. but it is still a bit shit to have someone say they wan't to emulate shearer and leave after 6 months of the no.9 shirt
sunday will be...well... i just can't wait for sunday.
a 5 year deal means he will likely be there when gerrard retires or starts becoming less crucial in their team.
he probably could have sank it anyway. not sure why he bothered to dive.
i would just like to thank [nikcub](http://www.reddit.com/user/nikcub) for all of his hard work today.  bravo, sir!
with ireland in it is going to have to be a 4-5-1 most of the time. maybe even some sort of 4-3-2-1 with ben arfa and nolan in behind ameobi.
got-damnit harry!
irrelevant. torres will be without a wife shortly thanks to mr. terry.
we paid good money for that ponytail and he will fucking glue kyrgiakos' pubes to his forehead before he walks out to anfield clean-shaven.
liverpool:

:'(
lol how perfect.
i want to respect this decision. i'm going to find that hard. excuse me for a couple days.
holy crap! it really only took a year? aside from the great performances, that in itself was awesome. 
usual band of blinkered arsenal fans on here i see? fuck sake, that bendtner dive was as bad as they get. 

if it's not a foul outside the box, it's not a foul inside. shocking decision by the ref. 

could have scored if he made an effort. is he really that shit?
appreciate it, i wonder how ajax and newcastle fans feel.
it's more like torres + babel + a bit of extra = carroll + suarez
lighten up, you guys got carroll. 
what is the timetable for alex's return? the thought of ivanovic playing one more game in the center makes me shudder.
send it to africa. i'm sure there are kids there that don't know what a traitorous swine he is. yet...
yep, forgot that one.
thank you for this. such an exciting day!
i'm glad to see i'm not the only spurs fan that thinks this way.
i know this  is late but could i get a liverpool crest please.
so... trolled by a calendar, eh? harsh. harsh.
i think the potential of carroll/suarez is greater than nando alone, and it was a good move by the ownership. i'm surprised chelsea were willing to pay so much for him. it still doesn't make the loss of a favorite player to the least favorite club right as things were turning around any better. 
&gt;r/soccer supports redditch united fc and /r/redditch in their quest to have reddit.com become official sponsors for the club. go reds!
so, where do you guys think anelka will be headed?
he isn't creative, he is a clinical finisher

ramires/essien/lampard are our creative players
i support barca and man utd, so i know the boat you're in. i get the bandwagonist treatment all the time.
wow, what a fantastic article. makes me feel better. 
just had to upboat that ...
unbelievably disappointed in spurs not getting a goddamned striker
i would think after yesterday's game that a defender would be more of a need
&gt;don't increase the £28 price and make decent international shipping

i doubt they will increase the price, online shopping is available, and they have no control at all over international shipping. international is expensive. no matter what carrier you use. if you pay the actual shipping price, it is what it is. the only other option is to increase the cost of the shirts to absorb the price of shipping. and we don't wanna do that, right?

edit: http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
if carroll left a week ago and we had bought krancjar for 6, a 15m ish sensible replacement for carroll and then another decent striker i would be delighted. as it is, newcastles fairly decent chance of a top 10 finish has turned back into anything above 18th being ok. 

i think in the summer we will see around 15million spent on a new striker and then a few other small buys to add depth to the squad.

35m was too much to reject but it is upsetting losing the player who wanted to emulate shearer and said it was his dream to wear the no.9 shirt at newcastle
to be fair, we've never received this sort of money to reinvest.  i guess you could point to the money we got from the martins transfer, but i think that money was put aside to offset the lack of income whilst we were in the championship, which was actually not a bad decision on the club's behalf.

i do think that the club does reinvest most of the time, although it's not always done well.
$10,000 i think. head on over to /redditch and check out what's gone on over there.

edit- forgot to put this link here

http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
his english is pretty bad, so there is very little problem with that. i'm glad his lie was at least not "dreamed of since i was a boy", and in all honesty which other team would you want him to go to?

city and tottenham are competing for lfc old spot, mu will soon have more tittles than us and arsenal aren't big spenders. rather 50mill now than 25mill in the summer and 6months of zero effort.

the guy kept us going for these past couple of years between the cl and zero trophy, i think it's ok to let him go and have his dream of playing cl. he scored and played for us, and we simply didn't win, he want to go to a place where his goals mean trophies, we wouldn't complain if any other player came to us for the same reasons. cfc aren't any worse than any other epl team, and why should we demand that he simply leave epl when he adapted to playing here?

my feelings would be 180 had we not acquired any attackers after he left, or left in a more disrespectful way, he got what he wanted for a while and now we get players who **want** to play for us and give it their all. hopefully this time it will be payed with trophies and not wasted effort on their part.
7 ben arfas please
http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
if you're not in the uk and would like to support redditch buy a shirt!

http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
joe rawlings, just tell us, reddit, what we need to do to make these shirts a reality. you have at your disposal a community of infinite possibilites. try us.
oh weird, i thought i saw a mirror for this site [here](http://www.figc.it/index_en.shtml) 

joking aside, thanks op. maybe the divers will spend longer wallowing in their own shame on the pitch. 
then make the percentage variable based on salary. the higher the salary the higher the percentage like taxes.
agreed, i think we're seeing the first signs of the savvy of fenway ownership; the sum of the two players is greater than the whole of torres, no matter how dynamic he can be.

edit: i screwed up that expression and it's killing me
well, fuck you too, you arrogant bastard. 
i'm not sure you know what poaching means.
the more i think about today's deals, the more i like them. torres obviously wanted to go, i would rather bring in new players who want to play for the team.

yes the transfer fee was ridiculous for carroll, but it was also ridiculous for torres. i would say both were overpriced by 10-15m. so why not get carroll now using that extra money which probably wouldn't come  during the summer? with torres leaving we would be left with just ngog as a striker in the europa league but now we can use carroll.

i remember when fsg took over at liverpool, henry said something about looking at player wages and being surprised at how excessive some were. i had a feeling he meant torres and i wonder now if doesn't work out in the team's best interest. for spending about 5m net, liverpool have offloaded the wages of babel and torres and brought in suarez and carroll who have a lot of potential.
there has got to be a  way to get the entire reddit community behind this club.  the hivemind seems to love helping the little guy.  this little guy happens to share the name of this immensely popular website.  has there been much of an effort to push this out to the front page?  i feel that with the correct approach, redditch united could be not only the official club of /r/soccer but the official team of reddit.com.
funny that he said in august that liverpool were the biggest club in the country.
i think the clear losers are newcastle, unless they get anelka.
did you watch the spurs-united game?
i'll go out on a limb and say anelka is the ultimate loser - nobody seems to want him. 
that is a terrible picture, good lord.
well i can safely say ameobi best is the worst partnership up front in the league
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhlm_vk5abq
just change it to carroll. &gt;:[
i don't want him hurt. i still want him to have a great career... i just want liverpool to always do a little better. 
the rationale is there, even if it's painful. it's better to get the massive cash out of chelsea for him now when he's still that valuable to somebody. i have to wonder if this is in any way comparable to ronaldo leaving united? i didn't really care about it or have a community like this to get input from. 
barcelona did not need villa, valencia had to sell him and needed the money, villa wanted to play for barca, villa is much older than carroll. all of these things affect the price of players.
barcelona wanted to get rid of eto'o. they unloaded him on inter, they weren't forced to sell him. in that regard, inter did them a favor.
&gt;united have bought all their players with money generated by their own success.

and that success was generated by...
nope. think about the way it all went down. always hurt, we still supported him and (comparatively) broke-ass people kept buying his jersey. then all the lazy, uninspired performances. he handed in a transfer request 3 days before the window closed. 3. days. and on his way out the door he takes a parting shot at us. fuck him. 
the fact that we offered 12 million for the zog before midnight, whilst not neccessarily being a good choice, gives me a little confidence that the money might be reinvested. 
video replay should be used **after the match**.

financial penalty as well as banned from one to multiple games for an offender.
4 months, more like 4 years.
the interview is 90 seconds long and to me his body language says a lot more than his words.

he is clearly emotionally drained and at the end of the day didn't want to leave lfc, but did so for the benefit of his career. for me, he goes down with alonso, both had tremendous class and love the club, but ultimately got treated like shit and had to get out.
yeah maybe one of duncan oldham's followers...
rumors coming in that carroll actually wanted to stay, and mike ashley stabbed the club in the back again.  i honestly feel for you guys.  that has to just *suck*.
joe i will make an effort to make it to at least a few games this fall when i am in england.
careful in saying an injured player is like a "new signing".  all of a sudden, you haven't won a trophy in five years.  trust me.
hell yeah! ahhhh do i miss the days where espn had the rights for cl. games every fucking day. derek rae and tommy smith were perfect together. except when tommy said something stupid and derek totally called him out on it "...uhhh i gotta disagree with you on that, tommy". and now who has the rights? fox. and how many games do they show? just one. fucking pathetic. i don't know the whole story behind why espn doesn't do it anymore. if someone could reply back and let me know. i thought it was because derek got that deal with the spl to do games there, and wouldn't be around to do the cl games in the connecticut studio.

glad to hear more soccer is coming our way, though!
i haven't been this excited for a game in a long time. cannot wait for liverpool chelsea match. 


im pretty excited about this. i hope they have the same amount of coverage as they had for this past world cup.
we hate our traitors.  i didn't downvote this post, but i'd downvote rossi as a human being if only i could.
the funny thing about the 'ajax incident' is that vertonghen actually said something amongst the lines of "watch this amazing goal" to a teammate. 

i don't have any sources, that's just what i've been told. 
cannot believe italy decided to drop him from their wc squad. 
he has been playing since 2007
i don't think it was a dive, but the dude didn't deserve a card for it.
poor guy... my condolences
muhrnchengladbackhhhhhh
he owes liverpool nothing. and they owe him alot.
they've had the rights since euro 96. i'm not surprised. 
you mean today...
chelsea might keep him around since luiz can't play champions league football and it gives them an option up front aside from drogba and carroll.
mi primer mensaje...
then, i have no idea.
and a few weeks ago torres was just another cunt that everyone hated at chelsea,﻿ now your all licking his arse. cheers for the 50 million
liverpool if you would!
same. i tried drowning my sorrows in some pizza and breadsticks. just as depressed, but now a few pounds heavier. 
it's probably in his contract
at least you didn't sell us neville.
chelsea then man city.

since the season began, chelsea only let in 15 goals, followed by city with 17. 

united has 20. while arsenal has let in 19. goes to show that you don't always need a rock solid defense to win, just a defense who shows up at the right time, and strikers who can score at big moments.
he kept bale in check both times this year. he's been pretty good.
as a south american i do not approve of this.

diving is part of the game, mang. fooling the ref man, that's part of the people's joy, and then taunting the rival team about it.
i see your point. i bought his jersey after a couple years of wanting one. about a month ago. $120 i really wish i still had right now. 
please, espn, don't put all these matches on espn3 (which i can't get in my area).
all the cl games that fox carries are on foxsoccer.tv. $15/month, but well worth it to me for the amount of premier league and cl games.
i can only say this to fernando: &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

if carrol is worth £35m on account of being english, i wonder how much wilshere and walcott are worth....
not really. it's not a secret that torres is injury-prone. and if you've watched liverpool or spain games in the past couple years, you'll notice that he has the tendency to give up on games when he's not playing well. 

however, if they manage to get him healthy and in form, he can easily get back to being one of the top strikers in the world. 
i will buy one. present me with a link and i will utilize it. 
i know, i'm saying from your point of view. also i'd rather have a good cb than another rb, hutton is doing great.
the problem here is and this video highlights this very well.  
the diver made that play to win a foul, he did not play to win the ball and score, which he could have easily done. of course there was contact that's how he can claim foul play. this is what really ruins the game, most players play to win the foul, not the ball and consequently lose a great scoring chance or cost their team a goal.  
sounds like other players have done this to liverstool..
it's expected because sky just gave the guy a torres shirt, a lighter and a tenner.
small world! my in-laws live in redditch (sister-in-law (yank) met a brit while while on holiday, and now she's with him in redditch).  i'm across the pond, but i'll pass the word on to them!
thats the problem with liverstool..
they always think of the past and mention past events.. never look forward to the future..

i hope liverstool gets relegated this season...

choke on a rat liverstool!!

redditch please!
ah. yeah. i was hoping nev would stay on.

surprised 'arry didn't bid for jagielka. he's been linked with a bunch of the everton squad as is.
right i knew that. but when espn had the rights, they showed it on actual tv. for free. and with the hd that espn has nowadays for oversea soccer games, it would be perfect. i hate how fsc and even fox calls it hd. it doesn't compare to the morning epl games on espn. so crisp
he's definitely walking alone from now on. 
ha ha, well played.
does ***anyone*** know how to play online with a guest on the ps3? perhaps play in a team and have a buddy play on your same console with you?  if there isn't a way i'd like someone to tell me if they're absolutely sure.  thank you.  (no one has been able to answer my question so far)
damn torres, that's pretty fucking harsh.
i just bought a shirt, and will buy another when the new version is available. only £31.50 folks!
that would have been too much lulz to handle with sanity. it's better this way. 
yeah, i've been considering getting a jagielka jersey as is.  i'd definitely get one if it was spurs.
tough. this is his career. he looked into the crystal ball and saw the future. he made a career decision that he felt was correct. 

let me ask you, how loyal to your job are you? if management was riding your ass, or the business looked as if it was about to crumble, do you mean to tell me you wouldn't start looking for a job? 

of course not. you're a fan, and thats a beautiful thing. liverpool fans are second to none, globally. that said, this is his career and his life. when you're playing top level football, your career supersedes your job loyalty. it is absolutely no different than working for any other company. and by the way, a club's loyalty is only to those with the money supporting them. the second you falter, or show signs of decline, they throw you to the wolves. and don't act like its otherwise. it's a sad day. i'll miss seeing him in red, i'll miss the torres bounce. 
great site. i finally glad someone is posting this. 
it's a bit crazy and all, but it's exactly what you expect and are used to from chel$ea, so let's see how it goes!
30 second ad for a short dive clip. sweet.
they paid 46 million euros + eto'o for ibra, who left after 1 season. what a generous favor inter did them.
bahhh, i've always thought he's an overrated player, now the reds have some extra cashish to put things in order, and that would do a lot more good for the club. also, it's good to put the whole spanish liverpool thing to an end, pass the page, freshen things up.
it's flipped for me. i love liverpool but i have to respect that barca is currently the best team in the world and i love watching them play.
the money they made could be a cornerstone if someone hired a new seamstress for ashley or new walletmaker.
their shipping is only 3.50 to us.  i'm in for 1.
i can't wait for him to come back to anfield and get booed to kingdom come. 
ooo that's really good! i must've missed that bit. i ship for my business and international is just balls expensive.
isn't 'there was contact, so no dive' and 'no, he didn't dive' the same option?
remember the last time we had a pony tailed striker?......
that's why i said "i don't understand"- they have the expertise to interpret an incident yet league-wide they give too few cards for dives. my only guess is it's a mandate from the management since it's so consistently not enforced, in other words they're pressured to keep players on the field probably for ticket sales etc.,
they will and do thankfully. 
too soon
i'm happy it seems we really do have financial backing now, to address the holes in our roster and general lack of quality depth. not that i want to go citeh style, which i don't think nesv will do. they are generally wise with their cash, but also not afraid to use it. today for example, which i see as an announcement of sorts to the premier league. 
i am angry the way the torres thing went down, but whatever. i look forward to our new attacking duo. i'm also a bit tired after all that! think i'll smoke a bowl and setup my rosters for a new season of fifa 11. 
i guess you could say the hatred liverpool fans have towards him now is....
torrential
man, i just tried out chelsea in fifa 11 and i can't seem to lose.

no torres yet, even!

it will be ridiculous with drogba and torres both playing up front. and playing liverpool now is going to be strange. although suarez and carroll will be interesting. perhaps even better than torres alone.
you know damn well that they will just take the lfc torres chant and change the words. 
fuck off chelsea fc, you aint got no history! 5 european cups and 18 leagues thats what we call history!
well, not ours.
i just bought some goods. add the reddit alien and i'll buy more!
thanks, i'm gonna wait and see what happens with roster updates now as well, might not be able to resist.  
yyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh
shrewd business deal, i like it, the only way it could have been better is if we sold him to a club outside of england. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ierhuvrjxua&amp;t=0m4s
*ahem*

&gt;"it is not perfect for me but we will see what happens and i only have good words about liverpool. they made me a top player and gave me the chance to play at the top level. i will never say anything bad about liverpool, i have been very happy there, but now the history is different and i am playing for chelsea."

[source](http://www.chelseafc.com/page/latestnews/0,,10268~2281570,00.html)
he also said this:

&gt;"it is not perfect for me but we will see what happens and i only have good words about liverpool. they made me a top player and gave me the chance to play at the top level. i will never say anything bad about liverpool, i have been very happy there, but now the history is different and i am playing for chelsea."

[source](http://www.chelseafc.com/page/latestnews/0,,10268~2281570,00.html)
well.. well.. i am looking forward to hear the same words when he moves to real. 
park park, wherever you may be
you eat dogs in your country
could be worse
could be scouse
eating rats in the council house
ramires?

and the ability to finish at any spot around the penalty area and really right outside it is more than just "clinical finisher"
actually, i'm a jamaican (though my mother was born in london). everyone here just loves football, and most people support one or two teams in europe, more typically from england, spain, and maybe italy. which ones you like are largely a choice at the time when you first begin to watch the game. i always thought to myself that i liked man utd, but only really started following them two years ago, about half a year after that i fell in love with barcelona's tiki taka.
well we paid 10million for walciott before he accomplished anything....


also, carrol was bought on the last minute of deadline day, and toon could really push liverpool for cash knowing they got 50 million from chelsea.  if newcastle can survive the drop, and then reinvest all that money, then they really came out on top.
no your absolutely right.  no striker will always be on fire.  sometimes they'll go into droughts like rooney or van persie.
that's pretty unfunny.
really brilliant moves by the new liverpool owners. i've seen it
many times throughout the comments, carroll and suarez. together are better then torres alone. newcastle lost a great young player. to bad spurs couldn't pick up carrol......or anyone else!
honestly you don't even need money, you have your gaffer.  he'll make a fitting team for years to come, a few trophies in your cabinet too!
somewhat tired, i may need to transfer some drinks into my system, but im not sure if i can afford the fee
i agree, fully agree.  i also think that updating the penalty requirements to fouls only inside the 6 and/or at the moment of shot would help keep dives at the 18 from fully determining match outcomes.  

people around here don't like this talk of change but there's some serious shit wrong with the modern game.
i am sure his hand will find its way to plenty of balls....no worries.
oh the irony!
i could never support two teams who have the option of realistically facing each other in competition.  united alone for me...i don't even claim an mls team, even though i am american, due to the fact that, although incredibly unlikely, an mls side could potentially play united in a club world cup.
the favor was getting eto'o off the club, as he was being disruptive. that and 46 million seems like a fairly reasonable price for ibra. it didn't work out, it happens, but they ended up selling him again so it wasn't "basically for nothing". 
in my opinion, liverpool fans should be rejoicing that they got 50m gbp for him.

if we look at it as a trade... anybody would take carrol + suarez for torres.

 
could i see a source?  that's awful
yea, a shitty part of the game.

this makes me feel a bit better
invisible sniper dot com i think


you forgot the undefeated team, mate.
this is exactly what i have been saying. money wise, they essentially traded torres for suarez and carrol. danny ainge would be proud.
not really.
i was wondering if i was the only one who thought they weren't funny.
berbatov has repaid his transfer fee already with his performance this year.
no one dives like christiano ronaldo. he's got everyone beat
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eyyrzc9xmu

i know i would. 
what? i can understand alonso leaving. rafa tried to force him out of the club to fund his barry purchase. no one at liverpool ever even thought of torres leaving. liverpool fans have stuck by his side through his shitty form and always cheered for him.
ask the galacticos if money buys championships.  hint: it doesn't.
especially an arguably out of form and perhaps still injured torres.
the "galacticos" actually won a lot of championships just a few years ago. just like chelsea, and just like your lot.
little help? who is this old liverpool favorite? 
so mike ashley will just be a very rich man
can i have an inter milan crest, please? thanks!
[you'll only find rumours](http://sports.yahoo.com/soccer/blog/dirty-tackle/post/andy-carroll-says-newcastle-forced-him-out-for-t?urn=sow-314956)
the 2009 champions league final was awkward for me; i ended up supporting man utd, and even though barca is my badge i think i would end up supporting united again if they play this year. i don't think i could commit to supporting one over the other for life though.
[i know it's from a sunderland website, but it has a quote from the player to a newcastle fan magazine, so it has some credibility.](http://www.sunderlandecho.com/sport/football/transfer_deadline_andy_carroll_joins_liverpool_and_says_he_was_pushed_out_of_the_door_by_newcastle_1_2995347)

[nikcub](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fcpex/andy_carroll_tells_newcastle_fan_mag_that_he_was/) broke the story.
[andriy voronin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andriy_voronin)
yea, agreed. although fsc went hd for me (on cablevision) last week.
yup. ainge would be proud. it's just to bad he works for those the goddam
 celtic assholes. 
oh yes.  a european cup in 2002 and the league in 2003...what a boatload of championships.
it is certainly a commitment and i understand the idea behind supporting teams from different leagues...i just can't do it.
5 goals is 27 apps? for sure carroll will score more than that he's already proven himself in theepl. i also think he'll compliment suarez nicely.
yea, but with zanetti, lucio and samuel aging i was hoping santon would start to get steady playing time. i think he's a great player.
i am not sure to upvote you for agreeing with me, or downvote you because you're a hater.
really, why the down vote? i made this for a friend who is a chelsea fan excited about torres. surely, he isn't the only one. i also cross posted this in r/wallpaper. 

if anyone wants a higher res, or changes, let me know, i'll be glad to do it when i can.

for the record i am an inter milan fan. i like torres, but i'm not jumping on the bandwagon like a million people are doing because st. fercho has joined chelsea.

edit: here's an updated version of the wallpaper. it now has a red collar. joker_of_the_deck pointed that one out. there are some other changes too:
http://i.min.us/ibqzfc.jpg
i'd like to put everton into the hat, for the amazing feat of holding onto phil neville.

more seriously, it seems like blackpool did okay, all things considered.  they kept charlie adam, and signed a few players if i remember correctly.
way to rub it in fernando.
haha. good point. well all i can tell you is that im from la and i absolutely dispise all boston sports. frankly i don't care to much for the upvotes but if you downvote me i would.understand, wouldn't hold it against you because i might do the same in your position. 
well, if we didn't have each other, american sports just wouldn't be the same.

you guys are just so fun to beat.
aaaaw, all the millionaires are going to be humiliated and humbled by this website.
both teams are going to make their transfer money back by the tv rights to that game alone.
this stuff is really recent, i would give it a few weeks until they update it.
hopefully tomorrow?
i hope liverpool beat chelsea in their next meeting.
they were competing against barcelona, who was also at the time buying the best players in europe. the point being that you can't achieve anything without investment, and pretending like man u is just an exception and somehow deserves the success more than anyone else is just childish. there was a point when you were crap and you spent your way out, like all big clubs do once in a while.
well in that case i say arsenal for staying exactly the same.

and west bromwich albion for getting an arsenal player on loan.

(edit: my sarcasm sometimes gets lost in text)
damn! i just left to go back to school where i have time warner. at least i have something to look forward to when i come home (where i have cablevision). 
i like this
he really does look spanish.
i think the lack of (quality) depth in liverpools attacking options affected him greatly. after his amazing liverpool season he went to euro 2008 then back to anfield. during 08-09 he started to get nagging injuries, would sit out - and they would play completely different. i always felt like they(rafa) rushed him back in there to hold on to the top spot in the table.

when your striking options are babel/n'gog/robbie keane/torres you're pretty much going to want torres in there if your chasing/holding down a title. even at 70% you would still want fernando in there. two very long seasons (epl/cl-&gt;euro-&gt;epl/cl-&gt;confed. cup-&gt;...) of hard play is going to wreck havoc on your body.
incidental contact, but bendtner shamelessly played it out and forced a penalty.

i'd say a dive, and would have preferred to win legit, even if that means the 2nd leg would have been played.
no need to be defensive, man. in fact, you should be happy. you got 2 awesome players in suarez and carroll. liverpool just can't afford to wait for torres to get back into form.
to anyone who hasn't, please subscribe to /r/redditch. this is where we keep up with the team news.
very richer man.
also if we advertised the shit out of them on the main reddit page, and offered them on the xkcd store. i guarantee a bunch of redditors will buy, even the ones who aren't soccer fans.
people are taking his comments out of context. see canireddit's reply, and link: http://www.chelseafc.com/page/latestnews/0,,10268~2281570,00.html

fact is, he is thankful for liverpool, and liverpool is thankful for him. liverpool has moved on with 2 great new players, and torres can play himself back into form with drogba taking off most of the pressure off him. great deal for liverpool and torres, but i don't think it's a good deal for chelsea or newcastle.
well hell chelsea's hasn't been hot either. as a fan i do feel kinda bad for the liverpool fans for this, hopefully the new suarez and carroll combo will be good for them, i want the saturday match to be awesome
google seems to index some popular pages pretty fast and frequently these days. so there's a chance that a vandalized page gets indexed before someone reverts the changes back in wikipedia. it's just a coincidence, a matter of timing. 
i do believe that they are already putting the reddit alien on a shirt, outside of being a sponsor. if i recall correctly, they won't be wearing these in game, but they will be available on the store for us to purchase and help the club out.
i can't emphasize this enough.
rawlings, see what you can do about getting a shirt. when i get my scholarship money, in the next few weeks, i would like to buy one, along with my brand spanking new fernando torres chelsea jersey ;).
where. do they ship to the us?
well put - it was actually admirable for me how liverpool kept on cheering for him through rough times. but i think it's a great deal for both torres and liverpool - torres gets to play for another club where he can get his form back, as he'll get a lot of help from anelka/drogba, and liverpool get great new players in carroll and suarez. you just had to admire daglish's transfer skills. no question, torres will be back, but liverpool can't afford to wait for torres to get back into form, because they might lose a cl/europe spot.
liverpool supporters are a different breed. i'm thinking to them this is like posting a pic of their ex with their new boyfriend. they are still not use to see their star player in a different kit. i appreciate the pic and i have giving you the one single upvote i can give. 
thats disgraceful... hope liverpool beat chelsea......again....
i guess if nothing else he cannot hurt us this way anymore.
http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm

i put in my american address and it didn't complain. if they need to change me more for shipping, so be it.
who knows, but let's hope carroll finally gets the rank he deserves after this. 74 is abysmal. 
i really don't understand this, but i have a feeling we are going to see more of david and harry together.
man, i could have scored that goal. 
carroll has potential to be a really great player, and him and suarez will compliment each other nicely imo (i hope anyway), but we over paid by shitloads for carroll.... i guess thats what happens though when torres hands in a transfer request with 2 days left leaving us fuck all time to find a replacement, meaning we have to overpay to get someone on the last day...

ive said i was fine with torres moving to a different club (although i would have preferred it to be out of the epl) but it was the way he went about it which made me lose alot of respect for him.
the guest needs to press 'y' on the 360, so that would be triangle on the ps3 controller while you're on the team selection screen.
what a faggot.
epl specific of course. the other leagues didn't behave half as badly. 
i always wondered how that would be handled in a game.  glad to see it was as i had hoped.  
considering this appeal wasn't exactly meant for those who would require international shipping, i fail to see the relevance. besides, you kind of sound like someone who wants to put reddit before redditch. would it not be just awesome in itself to start supporting a team without peddling reddit around?
dude, your name is azalkmar, why don't you have an az crest?
well, you can't say you weren't vorned.
it's a good idea, but you cannot blame the refs for this (any many won't, they will blame the players) when we have the benefit of multiple angles and slow-motion replay.
&gt;even fans who hate diving would still think he was foolish not to try and win the penalty

then how do you explain the admiration for the way messi has shown that staying on his feet is more important to him than is falling for a penalty?
this needs to be top. also, english isn't his first language. i'm sure he never meant to offend.
are you seriously excited about this? because espn has got the worst tactics for covering soccer out there. they roll ticker-tape scores of basketball games across the screen during the game. they tell you the scores of concurrent games, *but only if* the games are carried by other networks. they have monkeys for game announcers. they are, in short, the most disgusting, uneducated purveyors of the sport since american television contrived to miss pele's first goal for the cosmos because they went to commercial break during a live match.

to hell with espn. they haven't figured out that if i wanted to know something, i would ask the internet, or have it sms'd to my phone automatically, or use any of the other 100 means of real-time updating of information already available to me. espn is the aol of the sports broadcasting world; a dinosaur that refuses to go extinct, and doesn't understand that it is in a competition to survive. if it did, it wouldn't treat simple league games as if they were the freaking superbowl.
quick question. if say i'm in the middle of manager mode, will these new transfers automatically update or will it not affect me at all? or is this for online purposes only?
thanks for that. you're right. some liverpool fans are still wounded by the transfer, and the wallpaper might not exactly be helping them. it might have been too soon making this. it made my day that i was able to share it with someone though!
chelsea is going to be even more ridiculously amazing on fifa11 now. as it is, drogba is the biggest beast in the game. add torres to that ... damn. 
and mcgregor, mcculloch, weir, naismith, bougherra, weiss, the recent addition of healy and probably several others i've forgotten as well. there is a reason rfc is known as scotland's shame.
forgot to put the link in that reply. 
http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
there is a short with an alien

http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
[yes](http://a7.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/hs245.snc6/179304_10150146301983385_768693384_7904616_3550220_n.jpg).
http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
luiz = defender

and i think you mean torres, not carroll.
http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm


i see. sky sports news and chelsea tv on youtube did not show that part.
armband?

captains aren't supposed to jump ship.
i'm thinking some new words will be sung to that by liverpool fans this weekend...

edit: how about:

he came from spain, he was a red, torres torres
you'll never walk alone he said, torres torres
a russian came with wads of cash.
fuck you he said, off i dash
fernando torres, two faced lying twat!
closeted newcastle fan here, and as if the sacking of hughton was bad enough, ashley sold carroll. for fuck's sake, i really don't know what's going on through his mind.
not an ounce of class about him, considering those comments.
i believe he was wearing the black arm band originally in memorial of the hillsborough disaster.
alonso is class.  rafa forced him out.  torres was not forced out.  alonso posts on twitter about his support for liverpool still.  can't see fernando doing that!
yes, it didn't help that ssn news or chelsea fc didn't actually show that bit in the television interview.
to the sulk farm.
hahahaha. oh that was a.good one foe. let's just wait till.the playoff.and.hopefully.we.meet in the finals.and you will see the lake show triumph once again. but i have a question regarding the other football, not the patriots type. im assuming you are from.the boston area and i was wondering if the premire league is big over their? i've been following for about 5 years and since the fifa video game has gotten so big so has the premier league and soccer in general. popularity has risen immensely over here in the last.couple of years.
keep the o and the rr, it might come in useful...
man you take these decisions hard on yourself. 

carroll's pretty much untested at the top level so far. would liverpool have paid the same amount for andy johnson from crystal palace when he was scoring freely or kevin phillips or james beattie?  
i can't help but think this is going to turn out to be a very bad purchase.
i just ordered a scarf (thinking about a jersey). i would suggest anyone make a comment on the "contact us" section mentioning reddit. i'm in the us, would have never heard of the team otherwise. 
up the reds!
it wasn't a dive, though bendtner did dive in the first half, which the referee rightly called. my argument is that mccombe should have been sent off. last man rule, it's why we lost squilacci, and it's unfair to reinforce it at one end of the pitch but not the other.

sum up, not a dive, definite penalty, mccombe should have got a red.

(this is why women should be linos/referees ^__^)
nope - for me the ugliest was the one where wenger bought silvestre.
i now exactly how you feel. i support barca, real, inter and ac.

some people call me a football hypocrite, i call myself a man of many views.
though every so often he scores a really clutch goal that makes you just go oh bendtner 
if you are in manager mode already it won't update your squads, only if you were to start a new manager mode (after the update hits) would you see it in your (new) manager mode.  i think they do it mostly for online play.
didn't barcelona's 'bad' spell earlier this season happened when xavi was not in the team?
i think it's good we shed torres.  he was the main symbol of the rafa era and it's time for a new mentality, style and approach.  it's a bummer it didn't work out for torres at lfc, but with randolph and mortimer injecting their debt poison as well as rafa loosing his mind it all crumbled.  all i can say is good luck to him at chelsea.  
chelsea have just bought a badly performing, injury prone sulker for probably more than twice his worth.

well done.
direct tv simulcasts both the europa league and the champions league. can't beat that.
and what? overpaid 10-15 million more?

this is one of those rare times i'm thankful that fergie is not going bat-shit insane trying to get players.
i seem to remember he has some disciplinary problem, was that one of the issues behind his fall?

he was and remains one of the top talents in the world.
his partner on the other hand, is the worst. doesn't anyone get the feeling he's just there to annoy ray? seriously is it that hard to find someone to partner ray that isn't a complete moron?
classless... say what you want about the sport, but leave the dead out of this you scum.
aye!


you mean don't put them on espn3 with the exclusion of tv airing. a lot of us use the internet as our primary viewing mechanism. also, if you get burnt on tv offerings visit every soccer fans friend rojadirecta.org. you won't miss a cl game there.
voronin was greatly overrated. he had a great spell at his original club which is why benitez was desperate to sign him but he showed why he wasn't an epl player pretty quickly.
fc barcelona please, and thanks!
&gt; uneducated purveyors of the sport since american television contrived to miss pele's first goal for the cosmos because they went to commercial break during a live match.

because something that happened in what? the 80's? is totally relevant now.
nice stuff, but i think this is way too soon, especially for the lot of liverpool fans here in /r/soccer. i'm not a huge 'pool fan, but even i find torres wearing blue a bit surreal. can't wait for sunday's game, though!
aye, spain's slightly slower and less physical approach has really allowed his game to bloom.

while i hate to lose him, but i think it was an win-win-win for all three sides.
that is one sexy shirt. probably will buy in the future.
as well as a good indication of how bad liverpool have done and how decent newcastle has performed.

cherry-picking stats only serves to blindly mask the fact that liverpool probably have just paid 15-20mill extra for carroll. and if he was not english, he'd worth probably less than 10. example, see chicharito :d
i disagree, we have seen fair play incidents from players like di canio and fowler.
unbelievably blatant. the cheek he even had to call for a penalty. total wanker.
unless something has changed, there will be no carrol for saturday. he had a thigh injury last i heard.
i think everyone can get on with it now.  he's gone, we've got a whole new game plan now.  torres represented what could have been if things had gone better under rafa.  no telling if carrol and suarez will be the successful duo we need, but the anticipation is killing me.  
yea, it is disgraceful how a top class player wants to leave an underachieving team to find success.

just like how is is disgraceful some team sold robbie keane just few months into his career at that new club.
&gt; you're bitter that your manager left you for us

for us? last i checked roy hasn't managed swansea. with that argument you're only confirming the fact that i am the victor in this debate. ( the internet is the place where sarcasm goes to die, but i've made this point twice very tongue in cheek just fyi. i was just trolling liverpool fans to begin with since it's so fun and easy right now.)

&gt; also, i don't laugh on the internet, but that's not relevant here.

i'll cede you this point. i may be unfunny but you literally made me laugh out loud with this comment. it came across to me as dry, brilliant humor whether that was the intent or not.
he'll score and kiss his badge, hopefully.
oops! my mistake, it was late :(

thanks for the correction, i'll leave it up as it is though.
anderson have one of the best songs around:

anderson son son

he's better than kleberson,

anderson son son

our midfield magician

to the left, to the right,

to the samba beat tonight, with the brass he is class,

and he shits on fabregas!!


[youtube](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqskzddrjzm)
i remember when everton finished 17th, and rooney wanted out. sold to man u for £25m. next season, everton finished 4th.

this proves conclusively that newcastle will be a top 4 side next season.
you are assuming that torres and drogba will not be injured for 90% of the season :)
i'd bank on suárez/carroll being one of the most lethal combinations in the epl within a year.
i'm sorry. i might be a chelsea fan, but what fernando said was perfectly true from his standpoint. the last time liverpool won anything was in 2006 (the fa cup). torres joined liverpool in 2007. he played 4 years there giving it his all and doesn't have a single piece of silverware to show for it.
who the f are manchester united?
if i were a liverpool supporter, i'd hit the lawyer, delete the gym, and call facebook or whatever.
i have to say, i know liverpool are distressed about losing torres, and i know they overpaid for carroll, but i'm inclined to agree.  a pair of exciting young prospects like suarez and carroll may have been just what they needed to reinvigorate their side.
the ultimate losers are the stoke fans who stood outside in the cold. waiting for noone to arrive =/ 
am i the only one who thinks 50m *wasn't* too much for torres? he's one of the best strikers in the world and he has a huge profile. chelsea will recover the transfer outlay easily with shirt sales and his quality will shine through. he's going to score at least as many goals at chelsea as he did at liverpool (no offence). 

cristiano ronaldo left utd for 80m which seemed like a fortune, but real recovered the fee within a year in shirt sales and he's been a machine for them. while torres may not be as good, he's still in the same category as ronaldo.
it's about to sunk in now. he's gone. the hardest part to understand is his loyalty. i was 100% certain of his loyalty, but i was wrong. this insight hurts, because automatically i think about pepe reina. he too, 100% loyal.... surely he stays, right? in this day and age you can't take anything for granted it seems..
wow, looks like that transfer thread was really popular.
&gt;he had a thigh last i heard.

2, if reports are to be believed. 
ah i see, thanks!
looks like you're vindicated.
he has a great rival in suarez though.
also said assuming a drogba + torres partnership will work.

in reality, anelka will certainly attest that drogba doesn't exactly bring out his strike partner, and torres' performances for spain (and when lfc played him with crouchie, n'gog, kuyt etc) showed that he works better up front alone.

they're both really typical centre forwards; i cant imagine either running the channels to cross it to the other.

will be interesting to see how ancelotti utilizes torres and whether he can make them work.
actually the liverpoolfc.tv taking down all mentions of torres thread, hours before they announced anything was linked on twitter by a lot of media.
i hear he's sometimes mistaken for having three.
tweeting this information as we speak. 
english isn't my first language either, and i don't have the benefit of a dozen different minders and advisors, yet i still know that saying you have now joined a 'top club' is a total insult to the club that made you a world class player.

he also had days to sort out his statements. poor effort.
i actually cancelled the package that gets me espn recently. hopefully i can do the online thing but they didn't support qwest last time.
anyone who didn't spend £50m on an out of form, injury prone striker. 
i'd still opt for torres and drogba to be the better of the pair.

carroll and suarez might add dynamism to liverpool, but overall the team is still quite weak to seriously offer any challenge. plus, it will probably take a while for the pair to learn to work together and for the squad to learn to work with the attacking pair.
i personally think you should reserve judgment before you start mocking. you were only mocked for the berba/veron/forlan (list goes on...) transfers after those players had proved to be a flop, and on current form carroll looks in no danger of being a flop, especially with a striking partner like suarez. as to the sum itself, we were kind of forced into it by necessity rather than through careful summing up of the available options. liverpool were forced into paying this sum by torres (another black mark against him), and we would have got carroll for cheaper in the summer were we not over a barrel.
i would buy this!
beacuse his playing like that hasn't cost barcelona many matches (if any).
but that would undermine the referees! we can't be having that, the fa blindly protect them no matter how shit they are.
mike ashley.

torres &amp; carroll's agents and bank accounts.
cska - sofia if you have it, thanks.
i feel sad about torres leaving, but still i look forward to seeing two new players who are motivated to play for the club. one can only hope that carroll and suarez will be a killercombo.
liverpool.
horrah
what the hell is wrong with football365.com?
crying because as a football team we will not see any of the money. it will go straight into ashleys pocket and will not be invested in the club. 35m for carrol was a massive boost for newcastle if they can use the money, he was a great player for us and will be big. 
damn
i'd like to put man city in the hat.

signed dzeko for £10m less than carroll, got rid of 2 £100k a week players in bridge and adebayor.
david luiz is a central defender.
he can't replace bosingwa on the right wing.
all i can say to sturridge is:

hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

that's what he gets for demanding £80k a week from city
two good acquisitions.
david luiz is still young and can develop to be one of the best in his position.
sorry fernando torres is the ultimate [loser](http://thechelseablog.org/2011/01/31/the-real-loser-today-is-fernando-torres/)
it was because of the kop support he found some scoring form back..
hmm, the only bad spell i remember was at the start of the season when they lost to hércules and drew with mallorca, both at home. i'm pretty sure xavi played both matches, although he did start the season with problems in his achilles tendon. 

of course, when he doesn't play the team suffers, but the same is true with iniesta. the last two seasons iniesta had longish injuries and in both cases the team suffered without him. in guardiola's first season the team rushed out to a huge lead in points in the first half, then iniesta was injured and madrid almost caught up (until the 2-6 in the bernabeau, in which iniesta played very well). same last year, when he was injured they lost the cl tie to inter and i think that against teams that park the bus, iniesta is more important than xavi.

both are really important to the team.
he is the best in foxing/beating the defenders in the box area.
no.  why does been in the midst of a recession mean that private businesses shouldn't spend money?

surely that's the opposite effect of what is needed?
i think it's the cheeky look back before he decides to fall over which i like.
i seriously doubt that torres would ever play for real.
i still think xavi's more critical to barcelona and is far more irreplaceable.

but you are correct, both of them are really important and i honestly cannot fathom how barcelona can replace both of them when their time comes to an end.
i'm sorry, but to say that liverpool made him a top player is ignorant. he flourished there, and he improved, but he was great before he got there.
torres is available for champions league as well
thought he handed in a transfer request though?
there are far, far too many goals between 6 and 18 yards for restricting penalties to the 6 yard box to work. any possession within the 18 yard box has a decent chance of leading to a goal. 

penalties should be rare, but currently there's this weird dichotomy of persistent, even expected minor fouls within the box during set pieces (pushing, shirt-pulling), and only tripping or rugby-like tackles being deemed a penalty. thus, players dive in the box because it is the usually the only way penalties are awarded.

perhaps there could be a rule to give free kicks at say 25 yards, with the wall and everything, for minor fouls in the box. 

personally, i think diving can be combated without changing the rules like this. referees simply have to enforce yellow and red cards for diving more aggressively. 
and they can wait for carroll to return from injury and then gain form again?
there is a horrific amount of bias on that site. that said, i do enjoy reading the mailbox from time to time, good for a laugh sometimes.
totteham hotspurs, pretty please 
so, if i'm reading this correctly, ashley should buy voronin and dye his hair while quietly pocketing 35m pounds!
lampard, malouda, drogba and anelka are more like our creative players
fabregas screaming at the referee and motioning for a card to get the player booked, now that's gamesmanship.
at least we've won the league in the last 20 years
we did a similar thing against sheffield united in the '90s.  we didn't let them score one back, but we replayed the game entirely (which would have been the result had our goal not stood.)

[linky](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nwankwo_kanu#arsenal)
i set up one a while back too

http://www.phantomsniper.com
fuck it we've obviously got loads of cash if we're willing to spend 35m on carroll - i'm happy about the new owners if they continue to show this intent.
besides the fact that any online poll is known to be completely unscientific, it is also susceptible to [repeat votes](http://www.sourcecodeonline.com/list?q=repeat_voting).

online polls are also subject to [selection bias](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/selection_bias) as well as [systemic bias](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/systemic_bias)
now, now...let's not forget about the dynamic pairing of ameobi/ranger/best. *sigh* it's gonna be a long spring.
the entire ranking system on fifa is abysmal.
perhaps cashley forgot that the deadline was 11pm.
[rio](http://twitter.com/rioferdy5) will miss him :/
you're accusing me of bias, yet it is you who is using irrational and emotion laced language such as "embarrassing".

lets talk facts: he was tripped as is clear from the replay. dont take my word for it though. here is what the [guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2011/jan/30/fa-cup-arsenal-huddersfield-town#block-51) say. here is what [bbc](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/fa_cup/9379082.stm) say. i could dig up others but can't be bothered. lets see what you've got to prove that it was 'clearly a dive' (except for your own bias that is)
sorry missed that, who or what was airlifted ?
let's be fair, carroll is not worth £35m, and the sheer size of the transfer will play on the fans minds so that they'll expect some money to be spent in the summer.

sadly, newcastle fans seem to tolerate ashley in the hope that he does bring success. hughton's sacking showed that the toon army didn't care, and if i'm honest i think ashley will take this money and pour it into his failing chav-clothing business. 
i'm glad that despite all the chaos and hooplah of the transfer window, everyone still agrees that john terry is an absolute twat. 
that'll show him. people are going to make noises at him!
you're right there, ted.
munching glad back.
i hope liverpool will adapt a 4-3-3 with suarez on the left, kuyt on the right and carrol as the front man. gerrard - meireles - lucas would be a good midfield trio.
i really do hate that man. seriously.
if there were shirts of bigger sizes, i'd buy one. but sadly, you have none in my size.
"burn every bridge." - genghis khan
he had to leave the liverpool training ground by helicopter to avoid the 'fans' outside who were busy burning his shirt. 
this site is guaranteed to be incredibly biased against players who have a reputation for diving. there are many many occassions where people get accused of diving and it's clearly unfair. look up any ronaldo dive montage and half of them aren't even dives.

where's the site to shame players for other deceptive tactics? shirt pulling? claiming throw ins that you know came off you? trying to get other players sent off? punching the ball into the net and celebrating your undeserved goal? claiming the ball is over the line when you know it was just on? stopping when touched then turning to face the referee to make it seem like you were fouled because diving wouldn't have looked real ([example](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnhxzbdmiia))? getting an insignificant push and rolling around holding your face like you got punched? diving is over emphasised and it's far from the only indicator that footballers have terrible sportsmanship. 

all the time commentators will say "that's a dive" and then on a replay they can change their mind. people want to see dives every time there's a foul. we need to talk about all deceptions on the same level and stop isolating diving.

i would like to see large fines for all deceptive practices, though only if meted out fairly and not just in high profile games. of course there are situations where most cry "dive!" and it's not certain, those you cannot fine. i'd like to see the referee allowed to ask players questions like "did you make contact?" and if the players answer dishonestly they get a large fine after the game provided they knew they were lieing and weren't just mistaken. within a couple of weeks players would stop trying to con the referee.
this makes sense but i think that very few players would actually be banned / fined / etc. it'd have to be proved beyond reasonable doubt and that's very hard to do. 

drewtwo explained it very well in the post above.
this is one of the main reasons why i've fallen out of love with the game. i watched man utd v liverpool recently and that game was won in the first 5 minutes by a guy falling over in the box and deceiving the ref. 

so that's it is it? that's the point of the game now? to trick the ref?

but that's footballers. no integrity, i'm sure there's been more footballers arrested for assualt and rape than have performed one deed of fair play.




...and the entire sport will appear cleaner just because of it.
i feel like i just took a blow to the stomach.

i'll never lose respect for torres as a player, but it does feel a bit like a bad dream.  
a ridiculously huge fine would eventually make a difference but it would have to be really really big. so big that fifa / the fa / the premier league would never introduce it. basically, so long as it doesn't effect their tv rights money or sponsorship, they don't care.
this is why i don't even get players names on the back of my shirts. just use my own name and then it never gets old.
couldn't agree more with diouf, but i dont think the 'gers are the most hated team.
what's worrying me more though are the rumours that carroll doesn't want a move to liverpool. i mean yes, 35m might be a bit much, but i still trust that nesv know what they're doing. i'm scared that we've ended up with another disillusioned striker who doesn't want to be in a 'pool jersey =(
that's all down to torres, right?
and it doesn't spoil that the shirt looks very good. one now on its way to sweden.
torres and drogba are undoubtedly the most proven strikers but it'll be interesting to see how well they work together. they don't strike me as the most natural partnership but we'll see and if it works it'll be fucking deadly.
that dive against villareal that led to the goal really was annoying. i think he's right up there with cristiano in diving. but remember, the referees are out to get real madrid, despite having been awarded the most penalties than any team in la liga. mourinho *said so* and he's a tactical genius.
indeed, i'd give that dubious honour to you lot.
ahaha that's not exactly what i was going for.
http://twitter.com/liverayhudson 
yeah i thought that as well, the extra you got from torres just went straight to newcastle. if you'd sold torres for £35m and got carroll for up to £20m then it all would have seemed normal.  

i'm still not convinced spending that amount of money on carroll was a good idea though. you mention the el but i wonder how important that competition really is, because that's all you've got left to aim for this season and i don't think its worth paying massively over the odds for it. if it was for the cl or pl survival then it would be but i just don't see the el giving enough money back for this to be worth it.
i'm genuinely shocked that torres wanted to join chelsea of all teams, when a man of his ability could walk into any team on the planet. i honestly believed that his best move would have been back to spain to play for either real madrid or barcelona. i think his move to chelsea mainly highlights that he has enjoyed his time in england and hopes to spend a sizable chunk of his career here.
what's funny is that he's joining a club that seem to be at the same stage of a downward trajectory that liverpool were in over a year ago.
hopefully the sports direct policy of giving a free [massive](http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2586/3995224922_06be3e2021.jpg) mug with purchases will continue though.
soon we shall take over the world.

soon.
i love deadline day.
it could be construed that you made this to gloat at liverpool fans.
west ham and birmingham look to have both done well...annoyingly.


10:50pm is still technically *before* midnight, so i'm just going to pretend that there was no mistake here.
both have always played essentially alone, and droga hasn't proven himself to work well with others, so i can see this going either way. hopefully chelsea can't get their game right while lfc make the most lethal combo in the league. hopefully. 
another one is on its way to germany, for a spanish fan =). i played a game with redditch on football manager 10 a while ago because of the resemblance to "reddit" among other reasons, but had no clue that it was the "official reddit team". i was amazed when i learnt that and completely stunned when i saw the shirt, so have my money, my good sir (and send me that kickass shirt).
biggest upvote ever for the image, downvote andy for leaving
...
only way arsenal would have had a good day would be signing at least one centre back + a goalie.
what are impressions?
corncens? definitely.
insult? are you saying that liverpool is a top club?
it comes out every thursday.
&gt;desperate to sign him

? he was a free transfer as a squad player.
i think that, given the position redditch currently find themselves in, with relegation outside of the conference looking likely, this is probably the best possible time for reddit to get behind redditch united.

the shirt will be finished soon, although it isn't the official shirt. what /r/soccer and /r/redditch need to do is to decide on a day of action to promote this cause to the community. what i (and probably a bunch of other people) would like to see from this is:

1) for reddit to become the official sponsors of the club for next season, including the rights to sell the redditch shirt, complete with alien. bonus points if reddit can have any say in how the shirt is designed or how the logo is placed on the shirt. the current screenshot (albeit small) looks nice, but i'm sure it could be refined. if i remember rightly the admins have already stated that the reddit alien can be used if they get a small cut of the sales, and that's perfectly reasonable. it could be beneficial for all parties to get behind this.

2) a new redditch website to be created. there was a subreddit made before about approaching redditch to create them a new site, as their current one is hideous, with a bunch of designers and developers deciding that it may be best to work on an unofficial site. however, nothing was decided. with some community traction i'm sure that project would get off the ground.

3) some reassurance that having reddit as the sponsors would be good for the club. reddit loves numbers, and if we know that a few thousand shirts sold with the sponsorship money would keep the team alive and fighting strong then i'm sure reddit would rise to the challenge.

perhaps /r/soccer and /r/redditch should approach the admins with a similar proposal to this and see where we can take this idea. given some brief promotion from the admins and a successful stint on the front-page, as well as in askreddit i bet that we get all of these things done in enough time to become official sponsors and to save the club.
the viewing experience benefits a lot from the fact that sagna is not even in view in the first take.

damn, just as i was getting used to a pretty blunt rangers attack. oh well, maybe he'll start a fight in a govan pub and get sent down for 6 months.
roy hodgson must be turning in his grave...
&gt; for sure carroll will score more than that he's already proven himself in theepl

he's had a good half-season. i don't think that this counts as proving himself quite yet.
that is a universal truth shared among all of football.
just because ronaldo haters hate ronaldo and sprout crap against him doesn't mean he dives often. a lot of other players have been caught diving or play acting like nani, gerrard, rooney, chicharito, busquets and di maria but no one bothers to mention them.
most english titles and a room full of euro silverware? if we are not, then who is?
he wasn't 'world class' before liverpool. that is revisionists history. no breakout on international stage, playing for mid-table and second league club in spain. he may have been on track to be world class, but he definitely wasn't on the cover of fifa in an atletico jersey


[~~alan pardew says he was not forced and it was his decision to leave.~~
](http://www.skysports.com/story/0,19528,11661_6716009,00.html) [edit: sky sports deleted the article] 

regardless of what happened on that mental day, we're glad to have him and i assume he's relatively happy to be here. commiseration's to newcastle fans but your club did get a grotesque amount of money for him.
you can't blame something that you are part of

"giving it his all" is bullshit. he switched off 18 months ago which cost him a world cup performance - which he deserves
pageviews 
villa didn't do bad. it's the first transfer window in recent memory that i've actually been excited about the new signings. excited to see what bradley, makoun and bent can do for us. 

if only we got rid of heskey, it would have been the perfect transfer window, i think! 
i wonder what the odds are for surez to eat him on sunday.
you gotta think of it like it's about girls:

the first girl (atl.m.) was his first love but after dating all through highschool and college they no longer had the same strong connection. then he met the love of his life (liverpool.) she was gorgeous, smart, funny and was absolutely crazy about him. it was the best three years of his life. but after some broken promises and not being able to offer him the stability he needs, he left her as to not get hurt. even though he is still crazy about her and will never meet anyone like her again, he knows dating the third girl (chelsea) is better for him personally. the third girl is attractive, funny and smart too, but not as much as the second. he still cares deeply about the first and the second girls but he thinks things will work out better with the third girl.
his actions proved he's not a red, torres torres.

chelsea called i'm off he said torres torres.

he's been playing shit and he's full of lies,

the player we loved we now despise,

fernando torres, terry will have your wife.



i honestly feel gutted about this whole transfer. i'm happy that we got him but the way it went down wasn't the greatest.
while i assume that carlo would be playing both of them, but i always imagined torres was more of a successor to drogba, now that his age is beginning to show.

still, you have one bulldozing and fearless player complimenting on of the smartest and agile strikers on field, it will be deadly indeed. 
oh the plastic flags dig. good one.
parma used to have such a great team...
lolz
we're playing this season, while you may reminiscence on old trophies, torres has to think of his career.
whatever. i have respect for man u and it's fans. the only people i ever see talking trash are liverpool and arsenal fans. and while i do feel bad for liverpool fans about this transfer, all the shit they're talking makes me hope man u win the title to go to 19.
[click](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/f27vi/share_your_supporters_chants_from_your_clubs/)
waaaay a cheltenham town fan! hello sir.
i'm not even gonna reply other than to point out scott brown and neil lennon.
the current champions of england and domestic cup-holders, who have only placed outside of the top two once since 2004 haven't been hot? my god you are so fucking fickle. 
we'll have to see about west ham. they always have some good players, play awfully, then somehow manage to avoid the drop.
why do people hate him? just curious..
if you can pull it off, fsc /fsc+ are channels 1211 /1216 respectively on tw. i have been enjoying those channels for $5 a month. hopefully ya can find a way to get it on the cheap like me.
doesn't the chelsea jersey have a red collar?
[something like this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr5y0musylm)
i don't know why you are being down-voted. back in the 80s, liverpool won everything and chelsea were nowhere to be seen. chelsea have never been "top class", just more recently "top dollar" as this fee shows.
&gt; i don't think i could commit to supporting one over the other for life though.

why the hell not? 
it says not yet produced. does that mean they're being made bespoke or do we have to wait until enough orders go through?
alan pardew also said newcastle will never sell him. as you said, the money is crazy enough that i doubt many would argue over not accepting it and carroll seems happy to be playing in a club that would realistically offer him european football.
&gt; barca, real, inter and ac.

you are the [antinomic](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antinomy) football supporter.
&gt; he wasn't 'world class' before liverpool

he really was.
he's just a dirty bastard of a player. tends to spit on folk. and taunted a boy the other week who was on the ground with broken leg.  
ha ha, yeah. facts are no longer welcome in these discussions anymore.

incidentally, here is what the [guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2011/jan/30/fa-cup-arsenal-huddersfield-town#block-51) have to say on the matter. 

&gt; it was a penalty having looked at it a second time. mccombe should have been sent off too, but was given only a yellow card.

here is what [bbc](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/fa_cup/9379082.stm) say

&gt; ... after bendtner had been fouled by jamie mccombe. 
&gt; ...

&gt; unfair challenge on nicklas bendtner by jamie mccombe results in a penalty. nicklas bendtner provided the assist for the goal.
someone doesn't get the joke...
such a tired meme
as kenny said yesterday, he is at a club on the way up. liverpool still have the financial muscle and pull to get the best players in. his comment wasn't warranted, i think it was an intentional shot at the club
no he wasn't, and he only had a single good season, and he is crap :)

i am being such a typical raging supporter (mostly because of his comment)
oh and he always gets injured. because he is crap
fair play happens all the time. whenever a player goes down, and it is not a head injury, the game is supposed to carry on until the ball goes out. fair play is a player kicking it out, and the other team giving it back to whoever had possession.

this happens a lot, even when everyone suspects the player down is faking it.
cola, meet screen.
spurs please
a bit disappointed as i feel he has done more than enough to deserve a run in the chelsea team, but at least he's in good hands with coyle, i hope the experience does him good.
shevchenko! :d
i was waiting for the new version for this.
&gt; usual band of blinkered arsenal fans on here i see? fuck sake, that bendtner dive was as bad as they get.

thats interesting. because all sources of unbiased, respectable news seem to say the opposite.

here is what the [guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2011/jan/30/fa-cup-arsenal-huddersfield-town#block-51) have to say on the matter. 

&gt; it was a penalty having looked at it a second time. mccombe should have been sent off too, but was given only a yellow card.

here is what [bbc](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/fa_cup/9379082.stm) say

&gt; ... after bendtner had been fouled by jamie mccombe. 
&gt; ...

&gt; unfair challenge on nicklas bendtner by jamie mccombe results in a penalty. nicklas bendtner provided the assist for the goal.
£28 is fucking cheap for a jersey, i paid $98 for my arsenal jersey.
haha its okay, we'll allow you to rage today.
well it isn't long since the last one was here, but:

park ji, whereever you may be

they eat dogs in your home country

but it could be worse, you could be scouse

eating rats in your council house.

edit: [watch this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltmspv1m2my)
i'm x-posting this to r/sports.  we should probably find other subreddits to post this on.  
i think that if on 30th jan 2012, man city decide they need an english central midfielder, wilshere would be worth 80 million to them.

realistically, i think he is worth 20-30 million now, you would be paying for the potential. 
*googles zdenek kroca*

daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn!!!
a city fan condoning massive spending??? how quant. seriously, capitalism ftw. 
leeds united please :d
i hope this means that he spends more time on radio and tv... the guy is hilarious.
while that statement is dumb.  i did notice during the world cup after their coverage of the games they went back to their regular myopic sports center criticizing soccer as "eurotrash" sport showing the "0-0 ties as proof that there is no incentive to win" in soccer.
thanks for posting, the footage was good.
tonight. you.
fyi if you watch epl games on espn now, there is no bottom line save for a brief 18/58 update. otherwise the graphics are very clean, only the score box in the top left and the espnhd logo in the bottom right (and that is transparent). no commercials until ht and ft, everything is shown properly. you must be stuck in the 80s, because things have been good as of late.
football gets uglier by the day in every way, with the press (sky in particular, i'm looking at you) wanking themselves into a stupor over rumours, hyping up everything and anything, banging on about the 'best league in the world', and aaargh, i have a lot of rage for all this but can't express it. but yeah, the premier league stopped being interesting a long, long time ago.
i think it's reflective of the market, they can change as viewers change not before. mls coverage is mostly former players and is pretty balance but no more informative than your average us sport. no sweet goal celebrations. their epl games they usually only do the studio work and import the english announcer track. they're coverage is solid and can only get better as they try to compete with sky in the british market.
but if carroll is right, then pardew would have no choice but to say anything else in order to back his club and owner.

but yes, regardless of what happened. 35m pounds is utterly obscene for carroll. hopefully he fits into kenny's liverpool, and make torres look like a waste of money for chelsea.
so am i only the only one seeing the hilarious side of this?  sorry guys, couldn't resist. anyway, both liverpool and newcastle have lost out from this deal; liverpool through massively overpaying and newcastle by leaving themselves with no quality forwards and with pretty much no chance of that sum being reinvested. 
wasn't it also because he needed to get down to london really quickly to sign? 
one can dream.
[this](http://www.fansonline.net/newcastleunited/article.php?id=599) seems to be the original source. i'm not sure i'd believe that because that could have been easily fabricated.
sorry but 50 million quid is a wee bit much for anyone.  the spending has really become truly outrageous.  i understand the euphoric feeling of the chelsea supporters and fully empathize with liverpool fans but the spending is really out of control guys.
&gt; the only people i ever see talking trash are liverpool and arsenal fans.

whaaaa? dude where do you live so i can move there?
yep. $35 million to ashley, $8.5 million to various agents and fixers.
i think this may be the 1st time ever that i've felt my love for the game dwindle. here's hoping it's just a blip...
man u and arsenal for not playing the game.
anything within the last 3-4 years.
manchester united please
looks like japanese players are in vogue after their afc victory.

first arsenal, and now inter.
sneaky bidding for unsettled or younger players is poaching.

micah is, apparently, unsettled.
&gt;but yeah, the premier league stopped being interesting a long, long time ago.

the top 4 are separated by only 10 points.

the middle 10 are separated by only 12.

there are still 15+ games to play. 

i agree with the business side of soccer being ugly sometimes, but the game is still beautiful and exciting as ever.
as long as they get derek rae and tommy smith to be a commentators for the matches.
just ordered my very own, should be on it's way to norway shortly.

i've become increasingly disillusioned with my team (west ham) the last 2-3 years, and don't really care anymore. from this day i am a redditch fan (sorta).
in terms of competitiveness then yes, all to play for. but it's always the same teams, the same twatty players, and i'm sick of it. when i find myself watching it and wanting most of the teams to lose, and getting infuriated by them all, then that gives me no inclination to stick with it. plus over the last few seasons, the championship has been way more competitive than the premiership.
needs some stevie g 'starfish' moves.
[a bit more confirmation](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/teams/l/liverpool/9383448.stm) that this is, in fact true.
i don't think carroll intended to leave this window, he just signed an improved contract and was getting back on track after off the field distractions. newcastle couldn't turn down 35m gbp. so yeah i believed he was pushed, i honestly think though at 22 he'll come good.
true, but you can't ignore the fact that we have done it with a mix of money and player development.  giggs, scholes, neville,etc.
if carroll can continue to score as he is, and if suarez is able to play well in the epl then that's a definitely a possibility.
inter:  ranocchia, pazzini, nagamoto and kharja

granted kharja and nagamoto are loans, but still they reinforced their squad well.



milan did alright, cassano, vila, urby, van bommel, legrottaglie, but they're all basically reinforcements because of injury.  
he's a sensitive guy, can't you tell? 
to be honest, i was surprised that torres stayed at liverpool as long as he did.  please let's keep in mind that he also has a career to mind as well.  not everyone can be a gerrard or hyppia.
he was world class before he went to liverpool. he didn't have the big profile but everyone who had watched him play knew how good a player he was.
damn, dutch is a dirty sounding little language ain't it?
club allegiances aside, hes an exceptional player, but hes got a long line of not so great dutch imports to outdo.  the question is:

mateja kezman?

or

dennis bergkamp?
breaking:
what will newcastle do with that 35m?
i read that as 'the suez canal' and momentarily stared to wonder how that could be compared to a torres/drogba partnership
http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fcvzl/who_did_the_best_during_the_january_transfer/
sooo...bandwagon.
is that you john? you have been exposed!
any refereeing decision can be recalled before the restart of play.
cronaldo has signed with real madrid?

oh, wait... 
honestly, i hope that the anfield fans give him the reception he deserves.  then he scores and celebrates.  those headlines would be epic.
i'm very careful who gets on the back of a shirt.  new signings never get put on there, the captain is usually a safe bet though.
he left off howard webb.
as a supporter of a team that plays nicklas bendtner out right, i have to say that pushing a natural goalscorer like suarez away from the goal might be a mistake...he's not an incredible creator, but he is an incredible scorer.  i do like kuyt on the right for liverpool, though, so maybe something like a 4-3-1-1-1, with suarez playing just off of carroll's left shoulder?
i tell you, i hate that team, but i've always kind of liked giggs. he just looks like a hard worker 
honestly that's what i did in my fifa manager mode. it's been working well. plus i got carroll for the respectable price of 12m gbp
drogba and torres seem like similar rather than complementary players to me.  the beauty of anelka/drogba is that anelka likes to drop off and play from the wings and the edge of the box.  drogba will pick up the ball from midfield, but he rarely plays in the wings.  same with torres.

ancelotti has some managing to do.
doesn't seem plausible to me. afaik, handing in a transfer request forfeits any loyalty clauses in a contract, so carroll probably lost a couple million pounds by obliging.

actually, i can easily see carroll doing something that stupid, so i guess it is entirely plausible. plus he was probably wasted the whole time.
i didn't want to be that blatant.
i think at this point most other epl teams are hoping liverpool got the better end of the bargain. we have a bit of a huge point deficit to get back in the title running and we're not in cl.
millwall?
i'm worried about that. watching all the suárez montage from his goals last year showed some pretty soft goals where a mediocre keeper or defender didn't shut him down. i think you have to subtract at least 10 goals now that he's in the premier league. (granted 36 is still pretty awesome)
hey hey! you've got lovernkrands 
an american administrated boondoggle? 
yep, you got the wrong shirt there. and torres in blue just looks bad.
------ drogba --- torres

malouda  --------------- anelka 

 ------ essien --- lampard

cole ---- terry -- alex --- ivanovic

------------ cech -------------------
no, poaching is unsettling players by going after them and offering things without consent of the club, like chelsea did with torres. bidding for younger players is just normal in every way. liverpool did not poach carroll, for instance, even if he's quite young.
fucking tinypic, it's gone.
i would like red cards to be shown for simulation, never mind yellow cards.
&gt; we offered 12 million for the zog

wait. newcastle tried to by n'za... inzo... insomnia...  that charlie fella again?
i don't care what anyone says, a star player cannot be "forced out". his definition of "forced out" most likely means newcastle wouldn't give in to his ridiculous wage demands and he wanted to play for a bigger, better team that's willing to throw cash at him.

if you don't agree then tell me, what could they really do to him? pardew wouldn't have the balls to demote him to the reserves and any sane team wouldn't offer half of what liverpool wanted.
worst part is, because ajax sold him so late other clubs nearly doubled their prices. no replacement for him whatsoever now.
pardew is a lying wanker, dont believe anything he says. disbelief has linked to the other side of the story already
at least swansea got, erm, david edgar, right?
foxsoccer is great... for the games they show, which is like maybe a few of the smaller epl games and some of those are only available at midnight. not even all the cl games are live with them. disappointing service for the price.
no.
first of all, espn is not free. 

secondly, fsc hd looks comparable to espn2 hd to me.  i might say espn2 looks a little better, but it's not a big deal. do you even have fsc hd?

while i like espn's coverage of the cl, it doesn't compare to the selection that fsc has. espn would show 1 game per day live. fsc shows every game from the day, obviously on tape delay, other than the live one.

i remember one year espn couldn't show a huge knockout game because setanta had the rights or something. pissed me off so much.

espn did really well with their 2010 coverage so i'm really excited that they'll be doing the same thing with euro.
if he'd had some decent supply and rafa wasn't insistent on playing some of the most defensive minded football since mourinho maybe he would have been a bit happier. there are 10 other players on the pitch as well.

torres in my opinion was relied upon too heavily by liverpool, at chelsea there are 2 other world class strikers to fall back on, it may suit him better. on the other hand we may have another s*******o on our hands ;)
i thought city were supposed to be the ones to throw their money about. is carrol even half the striker torres is?
yup, nothing says newcastle quite like selling our best striker with half an hour to go and trying to replace him with a winger from a relegation troubled team with a poor attitude who we already sold.
scummy man, scummy team. a match made in heaven. enjoy your trip back to celtic park...hope the fans you spit on get theirs.
yes but i'm really sad for liverpool, i like the club and what it used to be.

but maybe it's not that bad after all, caroll + suarez might be a freaking good combination.
ive said it before and ill say it again. he didnt fuck his mates wife, he didnt beat on some dude because he wanted the music changed, he didnt fuck a hooker and pay her £300 for cigs, he didnt end alf inge-haalands career, he didnt spit in rudi vollers ear, nor did he kick a crystal palace fan. &lt;--- these guys are all legends and heros. but diouf is a scumbag?
paraphrasing. 

"if you've got a drink or drug habit there are counsellors for that. but there is no one who i can talk to about my addiction to football hooliganism."
good luck getting out of the western conference. :)

anyway - soccer in general has definitely grown. it seems that any guy between the age of 18-24 has played fifa -- but i don't think that is the reason.

massachusetts has the largest youth soccer program in the country, so the soccer base is quite big. this is a local soccer bar in boston during the us v slovenia game: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zalvrtpvyi
if the huns aren't the most hated team in world football, who is?
there's no standard definition for poaching, just fyi, and unsettling players is called unsettling players. poaching is generally used to mean anything regarding an underhanded transfer. i use it to mean underhanded purchasing.

feel free to find an official fifa recognised terminology booklet and prove me wrong.
a rat boarding a sinking ship? shockeroonie.
heh, and how's your new striker looking?
that episode is the shit
it looks like he was negotiating a new deal and newcastle said that he wasn't getting that much of a wage so he handed in a transfer request.

though somehow the media is spinning it as he was told he could go. he still had time left on his contract that newcastle could happily make him play out
i will laugh my tits off.
i don't know the liverpool tactics very well... but i don't think having torres or suarez + carrol solves the width problem.

in many 4-3-3's, the width is provided by the fullbacks. in a 4-4-2, the width is usually provided by the wingers. perhaps they are intending to change where their width comes from.
that's what he is saying. they were renegotiating his contract and they wouldn't give him what he wanted.

he had time left on his contract so he was hardly forced out, talk about spin doctoring!
the balance of the season will tell (although i suspect that caroll might be a better player than torres...)

i can't believe i just typed that.
at least we can agree that he has the ability? 'so far' he has scored some really nice headers and shots...
damn you!
he'll get a game against celtic soon as well if he gets match fit. 

could be an interesting game
i have him on the cover of fourfourtwo in an atletico jersey. 
suarez and carrol - fairly well

torres and drogba - poorly

i base that on this season though. drogba is playing poorly and torres is just slightly too injury prone for my liking. now that could be liverpool throwing him into the breach when he's not fit or it could be that he's just a tad injury prone, i dunno.
i must say i can't stand diouf either. but thanks for putting things in perspective somewhat ... 

singling out diouf for universal hatred is not really fair on the other scumbags in football. they deserve a slice of the 'superscum' pie as well.
tottenham please :)
mate

mate

matematematematematematematematematematematematemate
most of them are not really that funny, but that picture of heskey chasing the ball down is awesome.
at the risk of getting on a typical arsenal high-horse, i must say one can always see a clear difference in footballing philosophy all the same. anti-football vs ... well, football.

but even so, i'll bite - assuming you have recent history in mind, are you talking about the fair play stats in this season's epl?
like that one versus ipswich. it was a really nice goal. good first touch, nice balance and control, lovely curling finish. that was a great goal, and an important one too.
there's not a lot of contact in that one...
i'm sad to see him go but i think a lot of liverpool fans really just didn't like the way he handled himself in the past 18 months prior to leaving. one week he's pledging his undying devotion to lfc and the next he's calling them a small club with no ambition. he sulked around anfield for over a year before finally packing it in for chelsea. he had bad body language, wasn't well liked at all in the dressing room and i think were better off without him. its perfectly normal to show resentment @ your best striker kicking your team when their down and buffering off to join a "big club". 
don't worry, you still have suk!
even worse than kezman, samaras!
mike ashley's new private jet.
its considered to be an emergency loan which circumvents that rule.
depends on the style of 4-3-3 they play. their width could be provided by the backs and suarez would be able to pinch centrally.

i think liverpool could become a very dynamic and entertaining team to watch.
i think chelsea is tired of drogba.
since it is the official team, maybe we should have a link in the sidebar to where you can buy their jerseys.
only time will tell i guess, but at the moment i'd say no for 35million...

he has alot promise but we overpaid by shitloads.
i like this one... 

his armband lied he's not a red torres torres,

he's just a rent boy like the rest torres torres,

he's turned his back and stabbed the knife, i hope john terry shags his wife,

fernando torres chelsea's number 9
cool. checkout r/eredivisie.
yeah me neither
is it weird that my first thought is "torres will be okay, he's wayy better looking"?
was berbatov?
wasn't he an atlético madrid player/fan? he would never play for real. your point still stands, though, i agree with it.
he regularly played on the wing for ajax. 
why chelsea of all teams? we won the league and cup double last year and have reached (apart from last season) successive cl semis and finals.

even though we have performed badly for a chunk of this season we will be qualifying for the cl again next season and are still in it with a relatively easy draw for the first knockout stage. it's a great opportunity to come to a club with a shout of winning something this season
yeah, but i doubt that the money they received will go towards future transfer funds. 
er, he's not dutch?
"i'd rather be a paki than a krout"

these people should be culled. 
really?
torres to chelsea will make chelsea games a bit more fun to watch. and chelsea as a team a whole lot better in fifa.
with 30 second ads at the beginning of each video?  no thanks.
i'm a front end dev of a few years experience - i'm sure there's no shortage of people with my skills, but i wouldn't mind spending some time on throwing together wireframes and designs and suchlike for a new site.
at least, based on present form, he beats torres on goals and assists . [source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010%e2%80%9311_premier_league#top_scorers).

still can't believe i've typed that.
i was.

but i also agree when you say "anti football against football".
i like the comment about the gangs in rio that will absolutely fuck anyone up who tries this kind of stuff over there. i wonder if it's true, i'm hoping it is so people keep calm and stick to just enjoying the game.
i dont particularly like hadji diouf. i just feel he gets 100% of the vitriol that should be shared between himself, the bartons, the terrys, the muscats, etc etc. people get on like diouf is the only prick in football. when in fact hes not even the worst.
yes, but he is an ajax export.
o-lal-la.
there's one on its way to canada!

i can't wait for it to come in the mail..and for ~$50 cad, i'll gladly dish out some dough to get that awesome shirt! not only that, but i used the last of my bandwidth purchasing it! well. worth. it.

*/goes back to watching trailer park boys reruns*
&gt;but the man knows his stuff.

i disagree, this is a overreaching, regurgitated opinion that hasn't been thought through.  he's classing players like gerrard, lampard, terry and rooney as 'overrated'.  all of which have consistently shown their talent for their clubs for numerous years in both the premiership and european competitions.

he asks for 'passion' which is a complete strawman, and calls getting knocked by germany "a debacle".

the funny thing is that he is the one who is arrogant, as he is expecting better just because we're england, not for any footballing reason.  see how he compares us to chile and algeria like they are 'lesser nations'?
can you get me a sporting clube de braga crest please?

tnx
you are an englishman, i assume. 
i'm with the club on this - ac wanted more money, after delightedly signing his new 5 year contract in october - **october!** - they told him no, he said he wanted to leave, and they said that he couldn't without submitting a formal transfer request, which he did. 

ac had his head turned not by liverpool, or a bigger club, or the prospect of european football, but by an extra £200,000 a month and a meaty signing on bonus.

what a judas cunt.
fucking caveman scum.
i am typing all caps cause i fucking love soccer and i fucking love reddit and if you guys have a jersey with the reddit alien on it, i am buying it the instant i find out.

good luck to you guys, if i ever make it to england, i will definitely come to a game!
quiet you. we'll wait till summer tyvm.
for some perspective on carroll

**winning headers:** carroll wins majority headers due to strength... more than i've ever seen any player do before

**heading accuracy:** carroll is possibly the best in epl, kevin keegan even claiming that carroll is one of the top three headers of the ball he's even seen in football..

**pace:** carroll is quick but probably the only weakness in carroll's game is his acceleration, change of pace.. 

**strength:** carroll is comparible to drogba in this aspect. 

**technique:** work in progress, see how well that improves. 

**finishing:** carroll better with his head, and good on the ground.. left footed, but unusually for a left-footed player he's capable with his right foot too..

**defending:** good for set piece defending and has plenty energy, good at defending from the front, chasing down defenders

 and you still have unreleased potential... 

edit: removed crouch comparisons, ye moaning feckers.. :)
this chart makes me question if it's really manchester city who are really throwing the money around. 
was he fuck pushed. he wanted a metric fucktonne more money, and jumped as long and as far as he could.  i simply don't understand how you can think that after handing in a transfer request he was pushed.
it reads (in 6 year old spanish)
"im from barca (i root for) -
im a football player -
messi is the best -
puyol is the captain of barca -
victor valdes is the goalkeeper of barca -
pep guardiola is the coach of barca -
sergio busquets is from barca (plays for) -
afellay is from barca (plays for) -
the name of barca is fcb -
barca beat real 5 to 0  -
barca in the champions league" 


probably will. along with ian darke as well.
[ask nesta.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9idmk_yvgi#t=10s)
icwutudidthar
what do you recommend for someone thats ~42 chest? large?
i think they simply realised that he is breaking down more often, and when he is gone, they seem to be deprived of a goal-scorer.


i like how he forgot afonso alves :d
you're not the only straight guy who can admit that he is obviously more attractive.
guys, i'm overwelmed by the respones :').

for those of you have purchased merchandise thankyou so much!
please use the paypal option when paying though.

i love reddit!
and when smith gets better we'll be unstoppable ... 
35 million is a helluva lotta money for the club though, provided ashley decides to reinvest it into the club.
no.
a feeling that you get.
who wants to bet that uefa backs down when the time comes to actually ban the offending clubs?
why are you comparing him to crouch? crouch cost £10 million. you should be comparing him to david villa or if you're looking for someone with a similar style, maybe dzeko or llorente
&gt;"i saw him play four times at the world cup in south africa. i saw him once on tv but four times at the games for the national team, so in terms of scouting you cannot say the work has not been done." 

uh... ok... 
this list is useless unless you sort by inflated price. caroll is then 11th.

however, older transfers are not taken into account in the ranking.
i hope he'll start tonight, should be a cracker.
please do, if you come on our forum redditchunited.forumfree.co.uk and let us know, i'm sure we'll treat you like kings! or at least you'll be most welcommed!
negotiations with the chairman and money.
jim rome is the worst offender of this. i want to punch him in the face.

actually, everyone at espn (or rather espn america) i wanna punch in the face.
david villa is a very different kind of player to carroll.. it's hard to compare carroll to many players because his style doesn't often come with the high level ability.. 

so if crouch cost £10 million, you could say carroll is worth £20 million, and liverpool payed another £15 million for the potential he has...


i was using crouch, a more well known footballer by many here including myself..


*seeing as you added dzeko and llorente, more technically astute players.. strength and heading aspects, carroll is better than them still.. probably llorente is closer to his style...
you need to do nothing, me and why dad do all the work, we ask that you be patient becuase it can be quite a long process.
fantastic! :d 
yeah, you're right. it does. didn't realize when i was doing the color replacement.

edit: here's a new version with the red collar and some other minor touch ups: http://i.min.us/ibqzfc.jpg
one of my first football moments was watching colin hendry look in an upward arc motion as gazza lofted the ball over his head and then absolutely drilled it home.

good times...
i always wish that all those people over here who say how much they love to watch the world cup would became aware of the brilliance that is the euro's. then maybe they'll tune into the champions league, then maybe domestic leagues.
i like your response, what you see in the argument, and your claim that ray himself is the arrogant one (because it does make sense on paper), but ray's rant is very founded and many can agree that he certainly knows what he's talking about. the definition of "overrated" can be tossed around here, because club football is much different than international football, let alone on the biggest stage that only comes around 1 month every 4 years. i can't really say that some of the british players were overrated in the cup, but he *is* taking it one step further by going to club level... but anyways.

i watched closely. i was pulling for the british side for sure. until i saw what ray saw - no passion, no drive, no competitive nature, no "we're the greatest footballing nation in the world and i'm gonna go prove it on the pitch." you know who i saw that from? teams like ghana, the us, holland, uruguay, north korea, the host nation rsa, new zealand! i admit i had to go take a look at my excel spreadsheets on the 2010 wc while it were much easier to remember a ~~side~~ debacle like france's showing, but i certainly remember how valiantly these teams fought just to represent their country for a mere 3 matches. or more. but i'm just rambling at this point.

as it were my initial intentions, i think i should've just [linked to mrjack2's comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fcjqh/ray_hudson_unleashes_on_englands_2010_world_cup/c1exqjy) in the first place and been done with it.
chelsea in fifa is already pretty unfair. i don't have trouble beating them, but when people can run in a straight line with drogba and never lose the ball i get frustrated. if torres does well his live season boost should make him pretty much unstoppable.. something to look forward to, chelsea fans.
http://redshoponline.goshopper.net/c/75819/shirts.htm
then why are you comparing crouch to carroll? they are different kind of player.
it's gotta be liverpool. ignore the fact that the price tags both in and out were way too high... they essentially traded torres (out of form recently, injury-prone) and 8 million gbp for carroll (up-and-coming, british, but as of yet unproven) and suarez (scored like a billion goals last season for ajax... and success in the dutch league translates fairly well to success in england).

ridiculously good move for them, as long as carroll and suarez can play well together. they just went from a "meh" goal-scoring team to a real threat.
that was never intentional. 
i love it. when is it going to be available?
how many of you have read this? [link](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2010/aug/22/john-terry-vanessa-perroncel-sex-scandal)
i've been very happy with it.  they have carried every spurs game live this season, except for a few games that were on espn2 and espn3.com, and a few there were live on fsc and available later on foxsoccer.tv.

might be harder being a liverpool fan as they are more likely to be on espn or live on fsc than spurs are.
don't get me wrong, chelsea are a fantastic team and i rate them extremely highly. however, the spanish league is pretty strong at the moment, and a lot of their players seem to take some pride in playing within their country for "their" teams.

chelsea is a great club for torres to be at, but for some reason i thought he'd only move outside of england due to his feelings for liverpool and the fans.
joe says he's just waiting on the batch to come in which may take up to 2 weeks. 

i think they're taking orders now though and will dispatch as soon as they're ready. 

already go my name down for one
and still didn't win the league!
&gt; i was.

ah okay, in that case, here is my usual spiel against that point (copied and pasted):

*  in previous years, fouls committed against arsenal have been consistently high and fouls committed by have been low. result? the apologists have just called on arsenal to 'man up, stop being pussies'. this year, arsenal have 'manned up' (by epl definition that is to foul) and the result is that the apologists are now suddenly quoting foul stats to make their point? its just a case of damned if you do and damned if you dont. but the real issue in the epl of a culture of stopping football through thuggery is still avoided. which is precisely the point.
*  while the fouls committed by arsenal are high, fouls committed against are high too.
*  what about the foul stats of the previous seasons? (when shawcross broke ramseys leg). because arsenal wasnt high up on the fouls committed in those seasons, does that make the thuggery issue more valid for those years?
* lastly, and i realise this is subjective, refs have a habit of showing cards to arsenal players very very easily. case-in-point is the game with manchester united last week. chamakh and arshavin were shown yellows for very little and a kung-fu kick by ferdinand was ignored.


and incidentally, arsenal is at [number 10](http://www.premierleague.com/page/fairplaytable/0,,12306,00.html) in the fair play table on 29th of dec 2010.
i was serious about blackpool.  all the clubs making big moves had to put big money on them, to the point where it's unclear if the team spending the money will get an advantage, or if the team making the money will actually see any of it in the summer market.  blackpool stayed the same and signed a few cheap players from other clubs.  to me, this is a safe and good way to handle the transfer market.  50m for torres and 35m for carroll is silly money.
we had a subreddit for this idea a while ago, where a bunch of people introduced each other (graphic designers, web designers, developers, etc) and loads of people were willing to chip in to come up with a great website for them.

the only issue is that at the moment we're merely acting "as fans". the reason i suggested that we move officially and become their sponsors for next season was so that once the current season ends reddit can get behind the cause, buy the reddit-themed 2011-12 redditch shirt, donate money to sponsor redditch for a year (or more) and start working on their new website. given a decent campaign, managed by the redditch subreddit i bet we could sell a few thousand shirts, get more people going to games and give redditch the sponsorship cash they'd need to survive as a club. 
oh jesus yeah, thats gonna be worth a watch, well i guess the old firm is always worth a watch, but this makes it a tad more fun.
sure it's a big sum, though considering wages, potential and age it might turn out to be a good deal for liverpool. just remember how people reacted to rooney.
i feel for newcastle though, ashley is just a horrible owner.
i'm surprised he was able to take the time out to give this interview. who decipatated the kittens in his absence?
this could be an inspired signing. on his good days he can be a force to be reckoned with and as with many imports i guess it's time to see how he adjusts to the premier league. if he performs well then i can see a permanent move on the cards.
i know most of you guys on here are epl fans, whats your thoughts on rangers signing diouf on loan?
im also quite fond of efan ekouku
andy carroll's transfer fee = transfer fees for cesc fabregas + robin van persie + theo walcott + samir nasri + jack wilshere + marouane chamakh + alex song + thomas vermaelen + 1.75 million pounds.
great article.  the guy's book is really interesting too, definitely worth a read if you're into this financial kinda stuff.

it's really quite shocking how rarely journalists analyze things without the context of adjusting for current-day inflation ...  it makes all this talk of "smashing transfer records" kinda meaningless.

as for carroll - i think you can simplify things in the sense that the torres sale will have *roughly* covered both carroll and suarez.  so lfc have essentially just swapped some personnel. 

obviously we can't know how well this will pan out - it may be a masterstroke, or it may just keep them treading water.

but it's really chelsea who are the ones who should be asking themselves if torres is worth it.

and furthermore the question is whether nesv would have spent so much on carroll *without* the torres sale.  

now *that* would have been a true "statement of intent/ambition/whatever" ...


sami,  i love that man. 
if you mean the incident where fowler tried to tell the ref the penalty he was just awarded wasn't fair? 

if so, add arshavin to that list as well.
[arshavin](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kp3h6f-kfii)
interesting that during the summer is when we receive the most amount of uniques. 
du du du

luis boa morte!
yeah because scouse is much better 
if he ends up being as passionate for them and playing for 8 or 9 years there then yes. i think he will have a few good seasons then move on for 15m. hopefully back to newcastle when his contract is near its end. in that case he wouldn't have been worth it..
if i were in your shoes, i would go with giggs.
here you go 

http://i.imgur.com/0y7qx.png

hehe we're playing you guys tonight. no cahill or pienaar so that is a plus for us :)
they have? i don't remember euro 2004 being available on espn.

in fact, according to this thread, it was only available on ppv via setanta

http://soccergaming.tv/showthread.php?p=1209097
espn showed every game of euro 2008, up to three a day, although one was usually on espn deportes. the final game was on abc
thumbs up to this. 

the euro's are right up there with the world cup, and it's always a joy to watch. i was fortunate enough to be in europe for the '08 tournament and it was something really special. 
wait a second there... 3 of those were homegrown from the youth system, one came on a free, alex song was one million pounds, and the rest barring vermaelen were bought when they were teenagers and not proven players yet. what are you playing at? 
if there was doubt, i upvoted you all.
they don't think he's gonna start tonight as the paperwork probably won't be completed (the working papers, etc.) but he is expected to be around for the fulham match on saturday
that’s the clubs version of events, have you read ac’s version? quite different, and given the track record of the club lying (or at the very least being evasive/secretive), i’m inclined to believe carroll – i think calling him a judas is mightily harsh
kinda reminds me...

http://files.sharenator.com/whats_going_on_in_this_thread_huge_collection_of_randoms-s400x541-66557-580.jpg
indeed. i think even though we have all the technical skills to provide an amazing website, we can't do it without going through the proper channels. this would mean someone coordinating all the efforts and talking to the club personally to discuss technical and business requirements.

a new site would also require long term maintenance which i can't imagine as many people (including me) would be willing or able to provide. a one off zero-charge project would not be a problem, but is not sustainable as a business element.

i apologise if all this has been said before - i must've missed this the first time around.
more expensive than dzeko, robinho, etc.  i'd say a 22 year old with 1 cap probably isn't worth as much as them, no.
throw some stilts on him and he'll be good to go. 
"i've always wanted to sleep with a world class footballer and now i can do him."
-torres' wife on john terry
oh please.  you need a reality check.  football fans are fickle with players.  it shows the loyalty they have to their clubs.  everyone knows this.  those boys will be cheering their hearts out for torres come sunday.
i never said these guys weren't arseholes.  i'm pretty sure i've said on most occasions that they are arseholes.  except cantona, he's ace and that fan deserved a kicking from what i remember of that story.
yes, which is why i said "we".  is that relevant?
you can kindly fuck off with that sentiment. tommy smith is absolute utter shit.
the words "fair" and "uefa" should never be in the same sentence.  
i can't tell you how happy this makes me. mb is a dynamo for the national team and i can't wait for him to make people sit up and take notice.
...
awwww
i remember efan from his days at wimbledon. been a fan ever since. 
just as long as there's no emmanuel adebayor.

i got to see some of the world cup matches this past summer through the bbc, and watching gary lineker and alan shearer try and understand what adebayor was saying was absolutely priceless
i'd love to make a match, but the pool between us makes travel too expensive :(
world cup
the fans are actually saying "come to us fernando, we'd take care of you!"
man united please.
his point is you can get an entire — and very impressive — team for the same amount of money, if you play your cards right.  
just because 3 came from their youth system, one was free, and the rest were unproven teenagers, doesn't make it any less a valid comparison.

also, carroll is still hardly proven.
not ajax youth system though so doesn't really count. 
i'd be on this site all day long if it weren't for the oreo ad before and after each video.  anyone else getting that?
wow, i feel silly now. 
henry loved that move
it's pretty unlikely that he'll be worth the £35m, but then it is a bit of a panic solution. liverpool needed a striker to fill torres' shoes, and it was the last moment of the transfer window. newcastle did what anyone would have done and milked it for all it was worth, so while carroll is a promising young talent, he was certainly overpriced, and liverpool paid what they did because of the circumstances surrounding the situation, not because anybody judged that to be his value.
i guess they inspired [this guy.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5sxbfhkpk4)
doesn't drogba only have a year left on his contract?
they're actually kinda similar from a physical standpoint.
yeah but then ivanovic moves to the right instead of playing cd which is where he played before alex had injuries
yes it does because the whole point here is that carroll was bought for 35 million pounds during the jan. window. the majority of the players bradimus listed werent purchased, or were picked up when they were unproven teenagers or came over for absolutely zero money. it's an unfair and disingenuous comparison. 
65 goals in 102 appearances and you are trying to put some blame on him for lack of results?
i'm far from being on side of ma/ap in general (i think i've had choice words in the past for ap in r/soccer), but it's an established fact that ac handed in a transfer request.  i can't see how ap's version of events can be criticised. it appears watertight and to tally with reality. the fact we rejected a £30m (**£30m!**) bid for the turncoat appears to establish the club's desire to keep him...

ac's version of events is full of holes and stinks of manipulative bullshit... and reading between the lines even tallies somewhat with what pardew said:

* both agree he wanted to renegotiate his pay   
* both agree this request for immediate pay raise was refused   
* both agree he then handed in a transfer request 
 
i think that ac's assertion that he was in the process of "negotiating" a new contract is stretching the truth; i think that that ap's claim that they were saying they would look again in the summer is much closer to reality.

&gt;"and then derek asked me to hand in a transfer request. so i was pushed into a corner and had no choice."

**&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
**

blatantly stretching the truth, derek surely asked him to hand in a transfer request *if ac wanted to leave* ie they wouldn't accept the bid for him without ac making an unequivocal statement that he wanted to go. "no choice" utter manipulative bollocks

**why on earth did ac hand in a transfer request if he didn't want to go?
**

must be a catholic-owned newspaper.
more like the 2nd girl started getting on his nerves, got fat, and started making him unhappy.
lol 5,000
i'd be impressed if we'll see any of the transfers tonight, with the exception of those brought in to cover for injuries

most of them haven't trained with their new squads yet and probably haven't even finished packing their stuff. 
but they play different roles. if you want to compare carroll's gameplay, he's more similar to the likes of carew, heskey or zigic.
9 goals in 23 appearances this year is "switching off" huh?  what would you call what babel and ngog are currently doing.

you better hope your new strikers can be as good as "switched off" torres has been.
carroll is not proven, as far as i'm concerned, and literally as i got the orangered i was reading [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fcu10/hmmm_what_if_the_similarities_dont_end_here/c1ezmeb). he's only played half a season in the prem.

i don't see how it's an unfair or disingenuous comparison that *just because* they didn't cost arsenal anything.  
there are far, *far* better deals to be had than andy carroll for £35m, and arsenal are one of the best at making those deals. you shouldn't discount their approach just because they buy unproven players (seeing as you seem so sure carroll is proven).
robin van persie?
hopefully some more signings of the calibre of hba and tioté, and retain enrique.
shouldn't you be getting an ac milan kit soon?
rtfa.  carrol says he never handed in a transfer request, the club asked him to so that they could save face with the fans over the sale.  he might be playing up his side a little bit, but would you really put that above ashley &amp; co?
sorry to burst your lovely image of messi but he does dive. he should be applauded for his efforts at not diving when his team are 3-0 up. but he is no footballing god when chips are down he will do what the team needs to win, including dive.

most of the time he doesn't need to, usually because barca are winning but in key games such as champions league knock outs he does. there was 3-4 instances at camp nou for the second leg versus inter and some of them were on the same level as ronaldo dives...
i raise you klaas-jan huntelaar! &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

awwww yeeeeeeaaaah!
yeah that's what i was thinking. torres and drogba are both that sort of player. where if you get a lucky throughball, defenders are just left in the dust. now having both on chelsea is ridiculous.
wyoming doesn't give a fuck.
that's torres in bad form, though.
van der vaart?
he's not a dutch league scoring legend.

dirk kuyt, perhaps?
i didn't know we were doing scoring legends. just thought we were talking dutch players coming over to england from the dutch league and having some success.

[edit] also i just checked his numbers... when he was with ajax he scored 52 goals in 117 appearances... that's not exactly a *bad* tally.
there were 3 threads about this submitted 24 hours ago.

don't know why this one made fp though.
no, terry and muscat get tons of stick around here. when barton does something bad (like when he punched that player) he gets what's due.

keane and cantona both reacted to some poor behavior. not excusing them, but i think they're easier to understand or have sympathy for.

i actually had no idea about voller/rijkaard. fuck him.

&gt; he didnt beat on some dude because he wanted the music changed

&gt; he didnt fuck a hooker and pay her £300 for cigs

i didn't get these references



sunday, feb. 6:  chelsea v liverpool.

biggest sporting event of the weekend.
actually carroll has been at newcastle since 2006, on loan to preston ne for one of those, made 91 appearances and scored 31 goals before his 22nd birthday early last month, though he has not been in the epl all that long. last season alone he appeared 39 times in league action scored 17, appeared three times and scored twice in cup comps. so yeah, he sucks and isnt proven, you're like right about that and stuff but... he has proven he is a natural goalscorer and this season he's showing that in the english top flight, but that's not proof is it? also i find it ridiculous that youre ragging on carroll for being unproven when 90% of arsenal players start out as unproven youngsters. which at barely 22 years i would consider carroll to be a very bright prospect indeed. also for the record, capello tipped him to be one of his starters next to rooney at the euro 2012. he's got no promise though and will never live up to the price tag. people said the exact same thing about torres when he first got to the epl. you're right though, you are. seriously. 
well, now you know :)

all the names rolled out earlier are scoring legends from the dutch league. but as you see, it does not guarantee success (kezman, alves).

the banter here is will suarez be a legend or a dud.
from his interview in today's ronny gill:
&gt;“and then derek asked me to hand in a transfer request. so i was pushed into a corner and had no choice."

so he *did* hand in a transfer request.

no, i wouldn't put anything above ma &amp; co. but this time, i think that pardew's version of events is far, *far* closer to the truth than carroll's

\* *edit*

carroll blatantly did hand in a transfer request. pardew wouldn't have had it as a matter of unchallenged (by ac) public record if it wasn't true, and in his [interview](http://www.chroniclelive.co.uk/north-east-news/evening-chronicle-news/2011/02/01/andy-carroll-united-pushed-me-out-of-toon-72703-28092792/3/) ac confirms it, and it's stated as fact in the interview article.

i think ashley is a dick. but carroll submitted a transfer request. to go to liverpool ffs.

\*\* *edit 2*
from his interview with liverpool today:

&gt;when i knew [liverpool's interest] was real and that there was a chance for me to come here i knew it was a great opportunity and i had to take it.

once more with feeling, **judas cunt**.

yeah, but i'm curious why now? why couldn't he at least wait until the end of the season, if he had to leave at all? and why leave now? yes, liverpool have been going through a bad patch, but things were just looking up as we had signed suarez and were pursuing other players.
see my edit above.
lol
i do like the 4-3-3/4-3-2-1 he proposes, with carroll as the focal point and suarez in a wide forward position. a 4-4-2 would be a messy proposition tactically and personnel wise. the upcoming chelsea-liverpool match should be interesting for reasons beyond the torres transfer. any word on when carroll is supposed to return to match fitness? 
alaska and hawaii too. 
"what is this soccer you speak of?"
stevem gerrard beat on a guy in a bar because he wouldnt change the music for him. wayne rooney had affair on his wife with some 20 yr old slapper and paid her £300 to get a pack of cigs.
they'll probably ban one obscure club that has over reached itself or is facing financial difficulties to make a statement and that'll be that.
to nit-pick, none of the teams in the english football league are run as a franchise.

i wonder why liverpool are so universally popular though?

edit: yellow = man u, my bad.
i'm not from the us, but in america in general, there's no awareness of the existence of any english club besides manchester united, chelsea, liverpool and arsenal. manchester united used to be the most famous one, mostly because of cristiano ronaldo.

edit: america being, the continent of america (mexico, guatemala, salvador, nicaragua, honduras, costa rica, panama, colombia, venezuela, peru, argentina, brazil, ecuador, chile, and so on..) sport channels won't show wigan - fullham or everton - aston villa (unless you have a high-end or satellite package), because nobody would watch it. that's why there's no awareness of the other teams. to be fair nobody watches siena - catania, or genoa - lecce for the same reason. the spanish lfp gets more rating down here for some reason, maybe because of our heritage.


really strange how football transfer money works because obviously 

suarez &gt; carroll 

but you paid almost 50% more for carroll :s 
i definitely watched euro 2004 from the comfort of my couch on espn in los angeles
i think he hit the nail in regards to chelsea and liverpool.

but the positive is that liverpool have potentially solved their attacking line with carroll and suarez. but the question would now be how will the midfield be setup. it does look as a 4-3-3 is possible with kuyt-carroll-suarez line, gerrard-lucas-meireles midfield.

that would explain liverpool's pursuit of adams to be an extra option in case gerrard or meireles is injured, or he is not fully convinced of the latter. but if a 4-3-3 is indeed in line, what would that possible mean for cole and maxi? 
at first i wondered that too, but yellow is man united. 
to answer your question at the end, i guess it depends if he was forced/coerced - personally i prefer to believe carroll, i'd rather not hate him. save that for ashley 
aye, but he is not exactly a striker :)
ok way to put words into my mouth there… i never said he sucks. he isn't proven *in the premier league*. he has ability, clearly — although i still don't believe 30 goals in 80 apps in the championship warrants a £35m fee, the eight highest global fee *ever* (11th if you adjust for inflation).

&gt;also i find it ridiculous that youre ragging on carroll

i am not 'ragging' on carroll. he's a good player, but he hasn't really done anything to inflate his worth to £35m.

&gt;90% of arsenal players start out as unproven youngsters

and how many of those cost £35m?

&gt;he's got no promise though

again, i never said he doesn't have promise. he clearly has the potential to develop into a better player, but i have serious doubts that he's worth that fee.

also, are the sarcasm and assumptions really necessary?
my buddies support the wvu college team... they go to every home game and heckle and shout their lungs out for the entire match.

[here's](http://www.msnsportsnet.com/galleryphotos/95102.jpg) a photo of the leader getting some love from franck tayou after a 2ot game winner.   just to prove a point.... 

 there's maybe six to ten of them, but they had a damn near perfect home record last season so it's obviously effective.

long live the wvf
i love that goal

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0nt6auwn8c
unfair advantage. villa's opponents aren't going to be able to see the ball over the glare from his shiny dome.
i think you guys are missing the point here.  is carroll worth 35 mil?  probably not, but sometimes it is worth it for a big market team to go over market value to get a player who will be a big upgrade in a position they are lacking in.  the example for arsenal buying a keeper is a good discussion point.

beyond that carroll with save liverpool money in the long run with a smaller wage than that of a 'world class striker.'

all this of course, is dependent on if carroll continue to grow as a player, but no transfer is without risks.
english, last minute transfer in january. each of these factors added at least 5-8 million to the deal.
he is a great player, but not a £35 million player. 2nd highest transfer transfer in britain. he's on the list next to torres, robinho, shevchenko. time will tell whether he becomes a great, but i doubt it. i'd give £18 million at the lost for him.
attacking mid / second striker... he's still in a goal scoring position, had a lot of success at it with ajax, then moved around a bit before going to tottenham and continues to have relative success...
i think it makes sense from a career development perspective.  liverpool is still on the mend and not guaranteed a spot in the top 4.  torres isn't getting any younger so he's got to make moves.  what i don't understand is why chelsea made the move.  i don't believe that chelsea is lacking in the striker department.  what i feel they needed was a good midfielder or two.  ramires and benayoun have turned out to be flops and lampard is a shade of his old self since he got back from injury.  50m quid could have gone a long way in injecting vigor back into the midfield.  
except crouch is awful with his head and surprisingly good with the ball at his feet. crouch is a giant, but probably weighs less than someone a foot shorter than him. not even close to being similar to carroll.
good question, i think it has a lot to do with liverpools past successes. the 70's and 80's in particular. my allegiance is with liverpool from my grandfather who worked on a cruise liner in the 1930's that typically stopped in liverpool on it's way from kristiansand to new york city. 
the person who picked the colors for each team is an idiot.
that's espn format i believe
side note: it's manu that is taking the lion's share of the map, not liverpool.
i did a fantasy fifa draft with some friends. on my team, i had torres and ibrahimovic up top. they were both the leading goal scorers in our "league". needless to say, it wasn't fair. they could latch on to any through ball. i could either lace it with ibra or finess it with torres. good combo. drogba and torres partnership in real life should be insane if they both perform.
i'd much rather allocate blame as and when i deem it appropriate, as every internet hardman does ;)

i'm honestly unable to think of a scenario where a player can be coerced into handing in a transfer request (and waving goodbye to his loyalty bonus and the love of his home town fans) by the selling club. he had to have *wanted* to go.

shite state of affairs, but what is done is done. we have to hope now that pardew is right when he says that the money will be reinvested in the squad, and hope that we get some more gems of the class of tioté and hba in the summer.
crouch being awful with his head is a strange myth, there was a link here before that statistically proved it, see if i can find it.. his head is his main weapon..

* found it, [link](http://www.zonalmarking.net/2010/10/15/peter-crouch-headers/)

think about all the goals van der vaarts got because of crouch heading it down to him
wigan, villa, wolves, west ham, everton, blackpool, west brom, stoke, hull city, birmingham, nottingham forest, man city

buuuut i guess i'm not an average american...
isn't espn part of your basic cable?
[relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mit0vy7yg2w)
i'm glad you didn't get mertens we need him but it's a shame you didn't get dost. ajax really needs a good number 9.
yeah, as an american (and a genuine friedel fan), i almost want to buy a villa jersey.
actually, it dates back to 1992-1993, when manchester united began accruing so much silverware. around the same time it got to be a lot easier to follow the english game (courtesy of cable and satellite), and so, if you were an american, and you wanted to follow an english squad, might as well root for the ones racking up the honors.
nothing pisses me off more than referring to teams in england as franchises.
o the mong! get the aerosol can out!
wow, me too. i think i just assumed the red bar was arsenal.
would probably look the same for a map of england (trollface.jpg)
hey i dunno if i missed it but is there a size chart as i couldn't see it anywhere? as i've had mediums that differ from place to place.
 i was real surprised when i saw this. didn't know that english national team hooligans were that mad and that all this happened in wc 2006. i wonder if anything happened during southafrica 2010?
this is the webpage of a well known portuguese coach.

he is one of portuguese coaches that better understand the core of football.

to you all that love the theory behind the football, he writes amazing articles.
sadly, though, not all articles are translated already.

hope you enjoy it as much as i do.
i thought rooney went for grandmothers
it's times like this when i wish that the daily mail did their usual job and just being wrong.
anyone in california with a liverpool jersey gets an automatic high-five. 
well, transfers which went through on the last day at least.  darren bent will be playing tonight but i think that makoun has a slight thigh twinge which is ruling him out.

should be a top game tonight, villa are high on confidence at the moment which can do a lot for a team.
"if [ronaldinho] does not sign with gremio i'll never post in this subreddit again. hold me to it." ಠ_ಠ 
i also agree. i think there will be too much of a competition between drogba, torres, and anelka to be the "top dog." this will lead to more forced shots and less creativity. i expect far more cooperation from suarez and carroll. 
partially though. he's been on again off again since the world cup, so it's been going on for quite a while. i like to think of bad form as six matches give or take a few.
nice one, it was a good one.  but how is that relevant to what i said? 
balanced by the fact that richard dunne won't either.
i guess 1,000,000 monkeys, given 1,000,000 typewriters really do come up with shakespeare once in a while.
and he's not even really *that* at the moment, to be honest.
liverpool please
never been to a game (or the town), but i'm a robins fan! was crushed by that tie last week :( wanted those 3 points so bad!
i posted a pic of liverpool fans burning torres shirts yesterday. both clubs have done well out of the deals, even if only financially where the toon are concerened.

bit silly really.
ok there are a few who do take fair play into account. there are alot of players who could learn from him.
sigh. i think you're just going to need to make a new account. people aren't going to let it go. 
heard it'll take him a month to get fit
let's hope it includes stamford bridge then!
must be very difficult to practice, one wrong step and boom.!!
i get many high fives for wearing my liverpool jersey's around. i think much of the respect i receive tends to be due to the fact that i wear non-traditional players on my shirts (dirk kuyt, martin skrtel, etc)

edit: additionally, siked for my andy gallinagh robin's kit 
i don't =/
joe cole is probably versatile enough to play as a wide forward, in relief of either suarez or kuyt. not too many goals, but a fair amount of running/energy and crosses.
good finally some americans are getting legit experience. we may yet be a soccer world power!
he did beat up his girlfriend/wife and he did spit at a player. and fans. one of which was an 11 year old boy.

he also told a ball boy to "fuck off, white boy."

you make a good point but to be honest. diouf fits right in with the cunt roll-call.
**"i'll never post in this subreddit again."**
the daily fail finally gets it right. 
he is still 9 goals in 23 appearances this year.  there are a lot of teams that would love a striker like that. 
thank you.

besides what you wrote, i would much rather overpay for a good in form player in the january window and still have a chance of making the top 4 instead of not buying anyone because i don't want to overpay and waiting until summer where we find ourselves with a lovely 12th place finish because we didn't score goals.

it isn't as if we had anyone we could use to fill the gap for the rest of the season.

and, i am sorry but we sold babel and torres for 56m pounds and bought carrol and suarez for 58m... that is a very good bit of business if you ask me.
does their fist gesture signify anything?
"c'mon nandy just a fist bump, pleeease!" 
the bottom line is its not whats on the back of the shirt, its whats on the front. the scum burning the torres shirt burned the liverpool badge too.
nothing can beat zidane's move back then, it was a crazy amount.. and what a move that proved to be..
i was playing fifa11 with a friend last night and we have both been thinking andy gray probably won't make it into fifa12 (well, unless they add a female linesman mode).

i'd love to see ray hudson take his place. anyone else think this idea needs to get to ea sports?
but all the money in the world can't buy you a european cup! 
uk redditors - i think we've found our new sky sports presenter!
made me lol
aye but he also got caught with jennifer thompson... less said about that the better.
i'll manage, i made a mistake saying that. it was pompous and self assured, i should have waited for official confirmation. in my defense gremio's president claimed to have a deal in place while ronnie's agent confirmed the same thing. but things can change in an instant in football and people can say things that arent true. i certainly learned my lesson. i'm going to keep my username though. 
live round the corner, you only live round the corner, live round the cooor....
i would say go back to the 4-3-3 with torres and malouda wide, but then again torres seems to hate that.
 no clue, good luck carlo
i think its supposed to be humour....
when i wear a city shirt the best i can hope for around here is the albanian busboy at my local diner to come over and start talking serie a. *sigh*
i wish there were kopites around here. i only ever see manu and chelski shirts.
do you want a cookie as a reward for your spelling abilities?
good job puting it in perspective. imo i think what people don't like about diouf is more his "i don't give a fuck about anything" attitude than him doing crazy things.
calm down.
it's a friendly game of rock paper scissors. 
is he...crying...at the end?
might do
i don't get it. what team would be so popular in wv?
really now, do you not think that they'll renew it? even though he's 33, he's still the most dominant attacking force in the premiership. 
torres out wide will never happen. 
yes, clearly it's about the fans and not the gobs and gobs of money. give me a fucking break. 
i approve of your crest, you're username, and you're state. where are you watching the game on sunday?
this isn't true, it just doesn't dominate the national culture. 
will he be willing to take a much lesser role though?
where's he going to go? who wants a pouting, off-form, hot and cold, over the hill striker? oh wait, chelsea! they want 3! i'm only surprised they didn't want to overpay for darren bent!
totally right. he's too ego-centric
next time im in ca ill swing by :d
i think the article had an awesome idea. essien and obi mikel are two fantastic holding midfielders to fill the 1 of the 4-1-3-2 and the 3 could easily be filled as described in the article. i think its great 
the only time i've been happy to have comcast is logging into espn3 on a pc or (using the absolutely amazing) xbox360 espn app. and finding out comcast is a participating provider. 
ya that would be crazy, english fans vs. rio gangs!

 during wc 98, england played tunisia and the english fans messed with the north african community who are hardcore in france -http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usgf0e_qbqo&amp;feature=fvw . i guess the difference is that french people don't carry weapons.
and thanks for the down votes when the link was right!!!!
because the wvu college team *definitely* play in the epl!
this is just beautiful. i wish this kind of devotion was shown in the states.
surely he will do better than shevchenko did at chelsea.
muscat and barton, to be fair, are pretty reviled. 
for a second i thought, why is this guy writing what it clearly says in the letter? then i realized, oh...i speak spanish, but not everyone on reddit does. also, i'm retarded.
haha, i feel bad for 'pool fans. reading all this shit must sting.
*roman abramovich's preparedness to spend £50m on fernando torres has come as a surprise and as a blow to uefa. the chelsea owner has been viewed by uefa mandarins as a key proponent of its financial fair play regulations, which will seek to limit clubs' losses to €45m (£38.7m) over a three-year period that began this season.

chelsea's chairman, bruce buck, has even gone as far as to speak in favour of extending uefa's rules to a salary cap, yet how the premier league champions would intend to square the torres business with the current regulatory environment is unknown. one uefa insider described the willingness to bid £50m for a single player as "a worrying sign".

chelsea yesterday released a set of highlights of their 2010 accounts, showing losses had risen from £47.4m in 2009 to £70.9m in the 2009-10 season. this is problematic for uefa, since chelsea are not the only club whose finances are in need of repair and there has been a trend across europe for big-money transfers this january.

with manchester city having spent £27m last month they would seem to be on course to eclipse chelsea's £141m record losses for a premier league club. if that comes to pass, it would almost certainly put them in default of uefa's rules. michel platini will be resolute. he warned three weeks ago that such clubs face being banned from europe. "it will be time for them to face the music if there is a club that doesn't fall in line," said uefa's president.*

from here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2011/feb/01/chelsea-fernando-torres-transfer
that is really silly.  it is the equivalent of me complaining about how they use the term "boots" in the uk. 
totally agree, apart from mk dons.
they'll ban the clubs they don't want getting strong, e.g man city. financial fair play rules just keep the big clubs strong and the little ones little.
what the hell is up with your rossonero badge then?
his friend's son's liking barcelona doesn't mean that he can't support another team.
really interesting article.
what would they gain from keeping man city little?
what a great touch!
ooops my bad, i read that as "my son" instead of "my friend's". i guess i'm retarded as well.
i'm glad to see that the entire city of manchester migrated to the us.
well, franchises operate in an entirely different way to most of the football clubs in the england, which are private limited companies with a scattering of public limited companies.

boots are exactly the same as cleats, but correct me if i'm wrong.
but he does know how to use full stops. ;)
hahaha. i love how everyone is so quick to crucify someone they loved and adored last week.
yeah- they're working with printers, but you can order (so they know how many to make is my understanding) and they will charge you when they are ready.
such a fail....
there's probably 7 people in wv that voted and 4 of them were a family from blackpool.
my only question.... why do you still post this to youtube when you've failed so miserably?
anyone else read this while playing a nike commercial in their head?
i think torvaldr's questioning comes from the point that takes time. we got carroll now :p
yeah... i know how that feels.
i could see anelka moving on after this year. not sure if his role really will be reduced, but i think he has grown up a lot the past few seasons. i'm sure he'd like to be part of a strong team, so if chelsea are still that, i think he'll stay.
essien is not a holding midfield and it's a waste of his ability to shackle him to a defensive role. ramires is more suited to holding midfield.
either that or a master troll.
calling him a wanker i'm pretty sure. although a friendly game of rps is definitely a valid alternative.
tottenham
possible formations could be the 4-4-2 with cole, terry, luiz, ivanovic; malouda, essien, lampard, bosingwa/ramires; drogba, torres.

or 4-1-2-1-2, cole, terry, ivanovic, bosingwa; mikel/ramires; malouda, essien; lampard; drogba, torres
:d .. upvoted.
thought terry had joined millwall.
i disapprove of your crest and your inconsistent/inaccurate use of "your."

i do approve of your state, however. :p
they're obviously rooting for everton.

problem? :d
how did you manage use the correct version of "your" once and then the incorrect one twice in the same context? usually i avoid making grammar nazi posts, but this just confused me and i had to ask.
it's just a shame that this year's kit is so god awful
but boots in the us are entirely different from cleats. same with the gas vs petrol distinction. 
i'm not playing at anything.  it was a tweet from alan davies that i thought was humorous.  i didn't realize it would be so offensive to a bunch of liverpool supporters.
my buddy and i have a tradition  watching games at his place in our jerseys. 

if anyone knows of a good place to watch epl games in orange county (or surrounding areas) i'd be down to go there in the future. 
come to any of the general soccer bars in new york city and tell me that. any weekend in legends, nevada smith's, or jack dempsey's you'll see groups of fans rooting for every team playing that day. the groups for the four teams you mentioned usually have a bit of a bigger showing, but newcastle, west ham, and spurs in particular have big fan groups here. i'm sure the other teams have their own groups, but they probably meet up at their own bars (nyspurs go to our own spurs specific bar which is right next door to an arsenal bar for most games these days. it's always packed during a game).
anyone who plays up sectarian violence as part of a football rivalry.....
i just saw that too.  anybody have anything for arsenal v. everton?
[veetle stream from myp2p](http://www.streamhub.tv/channels/v4.php)
well the question was which club do they root for... i think there's something to be said about rooting for the team closest to your house.  
that's how i found out too. tell me if you find a good stream man.
i hovered my mouse over the state for several minutes for nothing. they probably picked brazil. 
it wasn't even that good.
firstrow.net is the best one, period.
thank you good sir.
http://www.vipfast.net/ch1.html&lt;---currently working for me

i wasnt too aware of muscat until last week with that tackle. i read a few articles and was shocked. imo hes far worse than any of the others. nasty piece of work that he is.
i had never heard of this site. thanks. 
this is an awesome stream.
i think i need to turn my brain in for a new one. 

as i was reading this i was thinking,  "gee,  that's some pretty advanced spanish for a little kid."

if it had been real or barca no one would bat an eye lid. we need to band together to bring down the blatter/platini reign of terenny!
manchester united is to football what chicago bulls were to basketball in the nineties.
for football you mean, cause there is a lot of this going on for basketball, am. football, and baseball. hell i have something from when i was a 1st grader favorite food: apple, favorite tv show: sportscenter lol i think i knew the rules to hockey better then than i do now. 
well, a graphic consisting of red, red, blue and red, would be a bit to hard to read, wouldn't it?
oh god, haha, i have no idea. 
looks like those streams got yanked by ice
this is a pretty good one too - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzxkvx7ixww
&gt;well, franchises operate in an entirely different way to most of the football clubs in the england, which are private limited companies with a scattering of public limited companies.

the term "franchise" like many other words has more than one meaning depending on the context.  basically in the us when referring to sports teams the term "franchise" simply means the exact same thing as "team" or "club" regardless of what the ownership structure is.  if you are part of a professional sports league you are called a "franchise".  the nfl's green bay packers are an example of a team that is publicly owned but they are still commonly referred to as a "franchise", and in most pro sports leagues the ownership structure is not much different from england or anywhere else.  

as far as the "boots" issue, in the us the term "boots" refers to  something like [this](http://laceupworkboots.blogsavy.com/files/2009/05/wolverine-boots.jpg), [this](http://petticoatsandpistols.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/cowboy_boots_250x251.jpg), or maybe [this](http://images.usoutdoorstore.com/usoutdoorstore/products/full/ride_anthem_boot_blk_09.jpg).  the qualifying characteristics of a "boot" are that they are heavy, durable, tall (provide ankle support), stiff of structure, usually leather, and usually intended for severe weather ( like snow or rough outdoor terrain).  the idea of someone playing soccer/football in "boots" is totally ridiculous to a typical american: imagine someone running around in doc martens, cowboy boots, or ski boots, because that is what most will imagine when you use the term "boots".     you hike in boots, wear them in combat, trek through the snow in them, but you wouldn't participate in  any sport other than skiing or snowboarding in them.  a low-cut, lightweight, breathable fabric, studded (or cleated or spiked) shoe is not what comes to mind at all, and to use the same term for types of shoes that are so dramatically different seems pretty damn silly to most.

so you see what i am saying about how silly it is to get worked up about it?  two great nations separated by a common language and all that, right?  


i hate manchester united with a passion. cant wait to see them lose to barca in champions league. 
such a strong lineup, even the subs are aces.
excited for some ot magic t'day
works for me
bitches don't know about us, you really should given your latest signing.
yeah i scouted him as well, in that case.
everton coming out with some energy, funny how we can only do this with good teams!
sexy veetle stream: http://www.streamhub.tv/channels/v4.php
anyone just notice the guy with the dual united/villa scarf? 
anyone have a link to stream this? atdhe is just giving me a blank white screen for some reason.
are you in the us?
http://www.stream2watch.com/ is decent when myp2p fails
yes it's awesome! i'll post it in the details.
we're a scapegoat. real have been doing it forever but they're too notable for uefa to ban under ffp rules, so city take the brunt.


was hoping to see michael bradley today for villa
congratulations brad friedel.
canada, i'll link up some more streams in a second
i really like zonal marking and although it says he is a freelance writer for espn and i am not sure what else he has done i am glad he is able to make a living on this. he seems really good at it (kinda like jon wilson) and helping out us americans with more tactics (like wilson for si.com probably does)
this referee is going to be problematic.
very decent line-up, hopefully berbatov will continue his good run in ot. 
thanks a lot. really wanted to see the chelsea and sunderland game
oh holy shit, i just refreshed the page and it changed to seized by ice.

could be a long afternoon at work if that keeps up :-/
he is being foul happy, but in his defense both sides are committing them frequently. including many dives...

edit: no defense for him, he's just making horrible calls
firstrow.net just got seized by ice, don't refresh your pages
rrrrroooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
coyb
rooooooneeeyyy
yessss rooney!

edit: and again!!!

that half volley by rooney in the 88th minute was a bullet.
good block from phil "500k" neville there.
holy shit! rooney and united with the old school watford/wimbley longball. nice first touch too.
liverpool have made city look saintly this transfer window.

we may have splashed £32.5m on robinho but he'd spent 3 years in one of the la ligas top two teams. carrol has spent the last year in the championship.
villa's kit has been awful for years
he's back !!!
http://www.vipstand.net/sports/football.html streams for ye...
first offer was 250k! speculation goes on with our captain for weeks to get that crap bid!
btw, streams here : http://www.myp2p.eu/broadcast.php?matchid=103722&amp;part=sports
yeah, you can tell from the hilariously bad rendering of eurasia and africa in the tiny globe in the bottom right-hand corner.
dreamy stuff from rvp.
you know what else is sexy? song's blond beard
to be honest i don't do well for recognizing crests, so i have no clue which one you have.

also i forgot fulham and that makes me feel bad.  poor usa fc.
he's looking sharp.
maybe that's the reason he has the essay and his friend doesn't: his support for milan made him throw a ragefit against his friend's son, he stole the essay, put a picture in /r/soccer as a warning to all future encounter with non-rosonneri kids, and for that, he is no longer welcome at his friend's.
for those in the states espn3.com is carrying it.
oh bother.
aaaah, of course. i understand franchise, in a business structure sense, in that there are teams that apply to be franchisees to the mls or nfl, much like the business structure of subway or mcdonalds.
my friend just told me homeland security shut it down...

i'm not convinced but that's the rumor.
damn, arsenal is bringing the ball into the box with ease.
how'd he score? just tuned in, and they were praising van der sar for a pass..
you could buy a forest one in support of robbie findley.
http://www.firstrow.net/watch/48221/2/watch-manchester-united-vs-aston-villa.html
http://www.vipstand.net/sports/football.html best streaming site for me...
van der with a 70 yard pass over head, unreal.
it's hard not to do better than sheva did. however, the caliber of player that sheva was, he was worth the transfer fee, carrol is not.
it is also on espn2.
providing streams? have an upvote!
try to click it, firstrow got seized about 15 minutes ago.
a long kick from vds that rooney ran and latch on to, beating the offside trap and a good dipping shot pass a on-rushing friedel.

good goal.
what walcott just did i do all the time in fifa.
posting here to store these links.
indeed, what a player he has been.
[a link to the actual poll.](http://espn.go.com/sportsnation/polls) unfortunately it looks like you have to answer the 14 other questions to get to this one. as of right now the map is 100% yellow (man u.)
very offensive and possessive of the ball, chelsea is. however, they can't get it together when they approach the goal.

edit: kalou's goal right after i hit save. lol -.-'
looking much better imo, looks of energy and the ball 

gooooooooooooooooooooooooal kalouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu

edit: ahem. as i was saying, before i got distracted, we're looking much better, more energy out there and looks of possession in the attacking half. 
yea, we're starting to look tired... =\
e's a triffic player with a triffic mentality. 
kalouuuuuuuuuu!!! get the fuck in!
well, that's a back-handed compliment whenever i've heard one.
brilliant counter!  awesome comeback!
advantage sir?
well, this is hardly the start i was hoping for :/
score saha!! 24"
liverpool please.
it's been seized by ice - homeland security investigations :(
i'm pretty sure they've got your ip-adress too. my advice, leave your computer, get your bob (bug out bag) and run! forget your kids, forget your wife, just fucking run!!.
good luck!
anyone know why the teams are wearing black armbands?
the sad part is that most of these 'fans' still think ronaldo plays for us. imagine my disappointment when my conversation with a guy wearing a united jersey crumbles into me trying to respond to "chelsea sucks, dude, haw-haw".
about 4 miles offside wasn't he?
that is some of the world's finest ever footballing talent. and andy carroll.
works for me, and i tuned in after kick off... weird!
in rememberance of the munich air disaster, they always wear them on the fixture cloesest to the anniversary.
nice finish from a very luck break.  crap.
lampard penalty (nice to see him score off of one again) and kalou on the counter, keeper came waaay out, outside his box to slide, kalou poked it through him and rolled in.
whose that with the wrapped head? injured much?
the commentators clearly don't understand the offside rule. clichy only tried to clear it because of the threat of saha, so saha was interfering with play, and therefore offside should have been given.
he definitely was at the pass, but commentators are saying with that touch it makes him onside. not sure what the rules dictate there... pretty sure it should have been called offside. lucky either way :) 

edit: commentators must have read the rules now, they agree should have been called offside.
saha, i could kiss you
apparently we don't have a fuck about defense anymore
cue the offside explanations with wikis, articles and, everyone's favorite, infographs.
yeah, what a load of bullshit.
defense? what's that?
newcastle...
i don't know the actual rules, but in fifa 11 (great reference, heh) if a person is offside at the pass and gets the ball from a deflection, it counts as offside.
i can't believe i made it this far without noticing "friend's" too! mystery solved, case closed, etc... 
anyone have a decent stream?
if it's not too late could i get philadelphia union?
odd, yeah i'm getting ice seizure.
rip firstrow &amp; atdhe.
you turn on the tv 5 minutes late, pissed off that you're late for the start of the match.  you see the score 1-0 and you cheer, but are pissed that you missed it.  you remember you can rewind with the dvr and all is right with the world.....rooney!!!
an observation: arteta has been a nightmare all year. he's been invisible for too many games, and there's times when i wonder why moyes is still starting him.
christmas in february
an angry arsenal is vulnerable to counterattacks.
give or take.. yes.

i'm still happy though, am i a bad person? :/
i've also had good success with footballstreaming.info as a myp2p / atdhe backup
the only reason clichy tried to clear it like that was because of the threat of saha. he's clearly interfering with play, which means the touch doesn't make him onside.
personally, i think his actions on the pitch speak for themselves. i know he doesn't have a media life outside of the matches but i feel that his actions has more negative feelings than someone's personal life. granted those people who should be scumbags should be role models on and off the pitch. i personally think diouf cheapens the game when he becomes a douche when playing the beautiful game.
ah, right. i just assumed that would be at molineux on saturday, but it makes sense that it would be at ot.
as a neutral party... that was a straight up bullshit call
how fifa deals with deflections isnt correct. 
what in god's name is going on in the chelsea game!?
oh they have beer!

*pats self on back*
because even with milner and barry you need more english center mids.
it's on espn3, but live only.
also, anyone know if that's a legit seizure msg? i was wondering if maybe they got hacked. doesn't look good though. but isn't ice immigration and customs enforcement? seems like an odd branch of law enforcement to be involved vs fbi or something.
i'm using this: [click!](http://www.firstrow.net/watch/48212/2/watch-sunderland-vs-chelsea.html)  it's not as bad as other streams i tried earlier.  also there are 5 other links on the right if this one starts skipping.
try this: http://www.stopstream.com/ch4.html

edit: nevermind, went down
http://www.vipstand.net/watch/19086/2/sunderland-vs-chelsea.html
its in hd on espn2 in the usa.
goals all over the shop.
might i suggest you post something/x-post to the r/unitedkingdom subreddit.

you could organize a combined uk reddit and reddit soccer meetup on a game day in redditch, maybe at a pub near the ground. you would likely get a decent turnout (especially with your compelling plea to help the club out), and i expect after a pint or two most would happily stroll over, buy a ticket, and watch the match.

there's a good chance it would at least double the attendance for that game, and it could set a good precendent. could even become a regular thing (monthly, quarterly, etc.).

which club? idgi
fucking disgrace !  ref is fecking twat!
nani's been slipping and sliding all over the place, methinks its time to change his studs lol
as far as i can see the domain was seized. that might take a few minutes to take effect in your dns. you shouldn't refresh the site..
indeed.
to metal ones, that shoot fire.
that's a penalty, even though it was nani.

a top class referee like howard webb would have given it :d
well, that's about the best reference we have right? even the commentators don't know.
clearly a penalty, just a full on body tackle @ 18 mins
...and luckykarma's comment is doubly irrelevant because clichy's kick wasn't a deflection at all.
i concur, webb is the best.
damn it. 
i don't know how that is not a penalty ...
hahahahahahahaha!
stream go down?
i'm not the biggest fan of his theatrics, but that was a cast-iron penalty.
feed is gone.  homeland security coming down hard today.
why can't we get sian massey?  she seems to be the only linesman in the business who actually understands the offside rule.
i think he's trying to prove that he doesnt call every trip and mistake as hard as webb.
but that's just me.
looked like the same tackle rafa did on varney in last weeks game against blackpool. at least there's consistency in the decisions.
although it's all over now i think it was offside, from the first touch of the ball saha is offsides no matter if the defender touches the ball. hopefully the gunners can pull through everton's side with a 2-1 win
its not fair to just group on back 4, the dm also needs factoring in. i know the city defence is pretty strong, but its de jong that really holds it to its current statistics, he just breaks chances before they even become opportunities.
you could make arsenal yellow. then make liverpool green or something because no cares... any liverpool fans in the us are just bandwagon red sox fans anyways.
you get some, you lose some. get over it.
i just looked and...

...my god
no.  just say you're happy*, and no football fan could possibly be upset with you.
great shot by essien!  too bad the save was better :(
great chance by essien, better save by sunderland's keeper

edit: so unlucky from ivy to hit the post there
how am i going to see games no us channel has now?

fucking american government. fatherland security must not have very many terrorists to go after.
what a strike by nani, bullet.
2-2 so far, what a game!
they just got taken down. wtf.
yeah!, sad day for us all.
i hate myp2p.
i am waiting for the haters to explain how playing at ot we always get these decisions even if there is no contact :)
&gt; i think it has a lot to do with liverpools past successes.

man utd has been more popular because they've won a lot more, and won trophies recently.

this graph shows how the american population of "soccer" fans is relatively new to the game, and that they know precious little other than the names of the winners in the most famous league where they can understand the commentators.
http://www.stream2watch.com/index.php?option=com_videolist&amp;view=video&amp;itemid=58&amp;videoid=18036

currently functioning
[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fdafx/match_thread_arsenal_vs_everton/) is the 'official' thread for the game.
meanwhile there's a goalfest over in the sunderland chelsea match. yeesh
its backkk!!!  http://www.streamhub.tv/channels/v4.php
i can understand why man u didn't do much in the transfer window.  they made it perfectly clear that webb, at least, wasn't for sale.
not even a friendly wave for florida, eh?

west coast elitists.
my friend is a die-hard liverpool fan and even rocked a fernando torres hair-cut for awhile. the other day i texted him to make fun of the fact that torres was going to chelsea, the team that he claims to hate more than anything in the world, and he tried to play it off like he didn't really care that much anyway. typical.
why is sunderland having a team huddle?
working again.
i don't find the italian league interesting at all; i sat down to watch the milan derby in the fall and i got bored pretty quickly of the football.
 **page, law - title**
 
 6, 1 – the field of play

 13, 2 – the ball

 15, 3 – the number of players

 18, 4 – the players’ equipment

 21, 5 – the referee 

 25, 6 – the assistant referees

 26, 7 – the duration of the match

 27, 8 – the start and restart of play

 29, 9 – the ball in and out of play

 30, 10 – the method of scoring

 31, 11 – offside

 32, 12 – fouls and misconduct

 36, 13 – free kicks 

 40, 14 – the penalty kick

 44, 15 – the throw-in 

 46, 16 – the goal kick

 48, 17 – the corner kick

50,  procedures to determine the winner of a match or home-and-away

52,  the technical area

53,  the fourth ofﬁcial and the reserve assistant referee

55,  interpretation of the laws of the game and guidelines for referees

130,  rules of the international football association board
um, that would make this map all about man citeh bro.

/trollface.jpg
as others have noted, atdhe.net has been shut down.  rojadirecta.org has a message that their domain has been seized by ice.

sigh.  nothing better to do, i guess.
fellaini has been brilliant lately.
can't have a negative balance sheet over a 3 year period, starting from 2015 (with the 2012-2015 period)
sopcast on mypvp2.eu
kalou showing why he's a rare starter. that was god awful, ruined our counter attack.
we have this guy called jacopo sala on the bench. he's an italian midfielder.

good prospect or another ben sahar, franco di santo etc?
when they called for the trainer to come look at him, my heart skipped a beat.
wow this is frustrating.
umm... ale...
is the ref fucking blind??? wtf is going on??? like seriously? fuck you ref! fucking twat!
yeah atdhe is something special.. i'm just seeing a blank page here
very good game so far
so the guy doing the gamecast for soccernet keeps calling fabregas "francesc fabregas".  it's really annoying.
oh giggs, can't he play forever???
still pretty much unknown. i've heard some talk about him, but hasn't had the chance to really show his stuff. unlikely to feature and probably just carlo filling out the bench, before torres and luiz are able to play.
they've won about the same amount, just man u have been winning for the past 10-15 years, while it was liverpool before them.
rosicky got the ball ref!! wake up!
it just gets worse as the game goes on -_-
not really. everyone assumes crouch is good at headers because he's tall, but he's really not. he is lanky and weak, and has no physical presence. i really wish we would just get rid of the guy already.
i'm upvoting because you made a relevant contribution to the thread and in no way is this upvote because your username makes fun of chomsky.
i can't recall when i last saw such an abysmal performance by a premiership officiating team as i have seen in the first half of this match. it is so poor, all i can do is laugh at it. 1-0 to the referee indeed.
bribed ref?

i saw a lot of this in mexico, and other places, not really endemic to mexico.
djourou's injury is no prob because we're deep at center back, right?
so that's a booking for rosicky, but that rodwell foul on cesc wasn't cautionable at all?

"twat" just about sums it all up.
i don't think my nerves can handle another half of this.
i can't be disappointed with that scoreline at the half.

just hold on to it boys.
@arseblog says most of the 60,000+ crowd has been singing "the referee's a wanker" for a solid five minutes.  just about sums it up.
the deflection does not play saha onside. he was definitely offside
tony gale on fsc is a prize cunt. 
everton don't have any money to bribe with..
rosicky fucking got the ball! i really cant understand wtf is the ref doing?? 
what the fuck. [atdhe.net](http://atdhe.net/) is blocked in the us now. 
you know, maybe we should change the /r/soccer counter from "(number) football hooligans".
no torres yet?
i don't understand how i'm supposed to use sopcast. i downloaded it, now what?
theo looks like he got fucking slammed into the ground, lee mason is fat disgraceful shit
why aren't they able to play yet? and when will they be able to?
....the poll asked which *english premier league* club you root for. 
i disagree.  ramires' dribbling through the midfield has been key the last few matches. we need young legs.
well, he's certainly just as eloquent.
so... what do we do now?
click on something.
thats some bullshit!  try [http://www.firstrow.net/](http://www.firstrow.net/).  their streams are as good as atdhe.net
mexico is being overrun by drug gangs whose violence is seeping across the majority of the border and this is what ice is doing?!?
haha, so true.
is he planning on retiring after this season?  
they just want everybody to watch premier league matches through the legal channels, which would be a perfectly reasonable request **if their were any goddamn legal channels.**
fsc is all for everton today its blatantly obvious!! 
reddit, hi from the emirates. http://twitpic.com/3vjjto

if you were wondering, they actually showed a replay of the goal straight away, so everyone here knows it was definitely offside.
oh, but the thread title didn't. 

i guess we're in a sort of chronosynclastic infundibulum.
so who is the official?
reffing his way right back down to league one, that's what he's doing.
essien isn't that old. and yes, ramires does play a similar style to essien, but essien is a bigger body and will win/keep the ball more times than ramires. when its ramires, essien and lamps on the field, ramires gets the holding role.
a lucky break went our way, but we've played well enough that 1-0 isn't entirely up to the referee.  i agree they've been poor though.
http://atdhenet.tv/    &lt;---real

http://twitter.com/atdhenet      &lt;---atdhe twitter


edit:  ripped from a comment below that had a 0 score sadly... thanks groundscrew

atdhe now says "bookmark http://88.80.11.29 for now."

also check out their twitter for updates.

us first! :'-(
oh, here's another one in better quality!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pugkqlpv6ei&amp;feature=related
obviously. but when i do, a new tab comes labeled about.blank
i'm disappointed in his long passing and his decisions close to the box. 
you have to put your hands together for brad friedel.  completely indespensible this game...and well, this season too.
i was just looking at all the decisions made by the ref.. and tried to look at it not from an arsenal perspective but as a neutral ... but i still really haven't figured out how most of them were fouls. lets just take jack's 5th min booking.. it was hardly a push... that way it should be 2 vs 2! 

tl;dr : ref is fucking twat ! 
you have to wait 24 hours after signing for a club before you can play. also, torres hasn't even trained with his teammates yet so i don't think he would play anyway.
man, be true to your word, you ass.
he signed for another season as far as i know
in the epl, at any time. carlo had already made his preparations for the sunderland game so neither luiz nor torres were included, since they haven't even been able to practice with the team yet. torres should feature on sunday vs liverpool. luiz may have to wait for a little while longer, some have targeted the fa cup match against reading as a possible debut, assuming chelsea beat everton to get to it.
i think he's in negotiation to extend his contract for another year.
well terry is ugly for sure, but i wouldn't say torres is anywhere near good looking. his face looks like a 12 year old boy's and his hair is stupid as hell.
now to do nothing again for the rest of the season.
he's been winning plenty of balls though. and that might be the difference between a 1-0 line and a 1-1 or 2-1 line (in favor of arsenal)

the rule clearly states that offside is based on the first pass made. deflections are irrelevant. the ref is a moron. 
explanation: only the domain was seized because it is a dotcom - the servers are in sweden
that they don't, but manu does.

now i'm getting into a conspiracy theory though.  i don't know. i just miss the soap opera dramatics of femexfut
i think andy gray said it best, after some team had beaten manchester united at old trafford: 

"...and the united fans will probably not have much to talk about on the train back to london later tonight"
well hope so!
arsenal are down 1-0 to a ridiculously offside player, the department of homeland security is attacking my ability to watch football, and now rooney has scored a goal from open play.

i'm not driving anywhere tonight, this is not my day.
wenger has no foresight. i'm sick to the bone of 3 years of pretend depth, unproven players from the youth system don't seamlessly fit into your first team (vela, jeffers, aliadiere, bentley, the list can go on and on).

we don't have a deep squad, not now, not ever in the last 3 years, wenger needs to buy on a high level. the team that played against huddersfield is practically a league 1 team with the quality we witnessed. 

kos, djourou and squillaci are unproven on a level that arsenal expects it's players to play at. but it's all too late now, so we will have to make do with another trophyless year.

whatever. simple fact is, we shouldn't be down a goal, regardless of the officials. 
haha, great book.
an everton crest would be lovely kind sir.
ftfy: linesman, i could kiss you
that's the second worst call (or lack thereof) i've seen all season.
how is sessegnon doing? i can only watch the arsenal game.
seriously. how he called the foul on theo a dive i'll never know. he's an idiot.
all yellow now.

torres over drogba, fuck that. i fear drogba way more than torres. although that could be my team bias ;)
and you say this based on what?
i wasn't even referring to chelsea and whether or whether not they are a top class club, or whether torres is a top class player. my comment was that either way, he does not come across as a top class human being.
sunday. hasn't practiced with the team yet
yep he and scholesy are up for one more season far as i heard. but still, it'll be weird in a year or two knowing those two aren't there anymore after damn near 40 years combined service.
raiden007 (below) believes he already signed.  that would be great!  even if it's not a done deal, i'm thrilled to know he's in negotiations. 
thank you! i'd be willing to pay $30, hell maybe even more, a month if i could just be able to stream all the premier league games. instead, i'm left with fsc as the only option in the states and the only teams they ever show are the big 4.
we'd have bought a striker if we had money.

buying referees is usually a luxury thing
you just wonder if arsenal might win a few more free kicks if they didn't go down writhing in pain every time they are dispossessed.
rooney again!
rooney on fire!

edit: gotta give credit to nani for the beautiful cross.
beautiful cross there.
they're more anti-arsenal than anything else.

they were all blaming torres for leaving, no balance in the coverage at all.
x2!
what a cross from nani. wish i could hit one like that
linesman, i could fist rape you.

no homo.
wow, what a cross...
woahh. rooney?? again???
lee mason...here's his last years stats
2009/2010	
35 games
out of those 35 games he distributed 106 yellow cards
3.1 yellow cards per game
cesc, rvp, clichy,  walcott, nasri, song, wilshere, szczeny were all unproven at one point.

how is it wenger's fault that the ref is retarded and the linesman blind.
don't be that guy, ale is a type of beer.
absolutely.  as a relatively new fan of the game - it's the brilliant crosses that blow my mind.
obviously not based off his second goal.
great composure, great cross, simple tap in for roo. come on now!!!
also 3 for berba in the 2nd half?? lol
diaby?!
scholes is still undecided from what i've read recently. 
the score would be 0-0 if it wasn't for the linesmen.
no worries! 
this game needs some arshavin.
after that i'd love for fergie to take nani aside and say "see what you can do when you stay on your feet?". perfect cross.
based on the first half of the season? it was more of a joke anyway, and he proved me wrong with that 2nd goal :p
nani are you ok? are you ok nani?
i knew rooney would start hitting the back of the net again. all he needed was a few games. 

delighted for him. 
you're unamer(commercial break)ican. you should be watching re(commercial break)al american foo(commercial break)tball.
ah good, song is injured. well good thing we have all those defensive players. 
did song get injured?
&gt;what gave you the impression i said having those two would solve their width problem?

because i misread what you said. :)

anyway ... this new combination certainly provides them more versatility.


i now realize my espn3 viewership only continues as long as i am at my university...which is less than 3 months :-(
less than pleased.  it was my source for all soccer (football) games that don't get broadcast in the us.  us gov't you have failed me
as much as i hate seeing the scum do well that was a fantastic cross by nani.
seized by ice
oh yes, definitely. he's been hounding anyone with the ball. but, in the beginning of the half, arsenal was getting around him easily.

did you see what he did to essien last match? made him look like a peewee.
myp2p.eu, footballstreaming.info are both still up and running :) 
all nani indeed, how he turned the defender and whip in that beautiful pass!
as a fan of one of those big 4 teams, i'd like to amend that to manchester united.  yeah, we'll get a game if they're playing a relegation team, and chelsea aren't playing anybody interesting, but really, not often.
well, my dad and my grandfather are river plate fans. it happens.
explain kind sir. i'm a chivas fan (barely).
manchester united!  thanks!
well, man yoo's future owners qatar have already proven they're willing to throw huge pots of cash around to get their way in football. 

not that this could possibly happen, oh no. never. 
liverpool please and thanks :)
rrroooooooooooo
yeah.. he still isn't at his best imo
welcome to the world of soccer/football :)
it's actually an own goal by the goalkeeper as the ball wasn't going in initially, it hit the post and the keeper accidentally directed it in.
and robinho :(
they are giving props to vds about his distribution, about fucking time. he's second to none when it comes to that.
we'll never know, will we.
what a dive by rvp... rubbish
aye.
it's not just about the linesman, we could have scored 3 and kos shouldn't have scuffed a clearance. you can't blame the ref if we lose. 

rvp wasn't unproven, he was a great player at feyenoord. additonally, 4 players out of a youth system of hundreds, of who dozens make it to the second squad isn't really that impressive. 

pennant, mannone.... the list of players that came young and just weren't good enough goes on and on.
awesome half for wayne... i've been waiting for him to get back into it. 
i just saw the replay of the first goal. damn, good for rooney. i hope he keeps it up.

on the downside, i don't think hernandez will come in today. i hope i'm wrong though and saf puts him in to see how many they can score today.
u-ni-ted! u-ni-ted!

rooonneyyy 2 goals and getting back to his best!
let's not bring in the past.. we don't want to sound like a whinning liverstool fan and how great they were back in the past..
but the guy's only 6-year old. he still have potential.
downvoted? i guess you don't believe me...
is it worth downloading veetle tv? reliable streaming?  i'm always a bit suss of these things, 
i wouldn't deny the opportunity 
...
i'm no fan of manchester united (gunner all the way) but i think it's very safe to say that manchester has won the epl.  i shared my sentiment a couple of months ago and got downvoted.  i just can't see any of these pretenders catch up with fergie and his band of merry old lads.
apparently we are supposed to bookmark [http://88.80.11.29](http://88.80.11.29)
it is still up, see [logarithim's](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fda6s/nnoooo_they_shut_down_atdhe/) post for the address.
right, but practically every male is better looking than that sharp-eyed, charisma-less, wife bothering twat. seems like that is no barried to entry, so to speak.

.net*
haven't seen it, but if he deliberately tried to clear the goal/pass and mishit it to saha, then it is not offside. if it was non-intentional, then it should not be.

they are showing it in a short bit so i'll get to see what's the big issue.

edit: saw it, it technically is a valid goal, as saha did not touch the ball and the defender clearly had an intentional touch to it. saha was offside and the ball was intended for him, but the flag was yet to go up.

if clichy has given up and let it roll, it would have been called proper offside.
probably from the carling cup final last year.  i've seen a bunch of cl match ones. 
speaking as a 100% neutral: the fitness of top tier officials is one of my biggest concerns at the moment. the referees are always too far away from the action and that leads to poor decisions, whoever it
affects
please, i'd like an arsenal crest.
i think he will, most probably one of the strikers will come out for a rest, seeing as we still have a pretty tough schedule ahead.
glass man - the super hero with the powers of a glass rod.
city have only had big money for like 2 years. we'll see what it's like in a few more. also, spending 20 million or so on each player when you're buying about a dozen players per season adds up.
&gt; any liverpool fans in the us are just bandwagon red sox fans anyways.

all manchester united fans in the us are oasis fans.
torres is in the past.

y u live in past?
&gt; essien will win/keep the ball more times than ramires

which are key traits for the holding role.

i should not have used the word "young legs", but rather, acceleration -- which is a trait that only ramires seems to have.

it's a hard decision, and you make a valid point that we'd be wasting some of essien's ability by placing him as the holding midfielder.  but it's probably not worth worrying about since there will be plenty of injuries and lamps aging to force the players to play in all sorts of positions.  it's nice to know our young midfielders can play in both positions.
a misplaced comma, nothing, more.
i'm about ready for cesc to put it through the back of arteta.  i'm pretty sick of arteta's achilles-stamping.  and of course, he goes down injured, only to miraculously recover when robin picks him up.  what a cunt.
ahem, don't forget my and your favourite club, man u... i think fergie was the orginator of £20m+ price tags as the norm.
tl;dr break even or don't play in the champions league.
yeah im not sure shich club...
it's only a matter of time...
niemals 2 liga... hahahaaha!!
i really like this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxspfinblv8
atdhe.net now says "bookmark [http://88.80.11.29](http://88.80.11.29) for now." 

edit: also check out their [twitter](http://twitter.com/atdhenet) for updates.

second edit:~~[atdhe.me](http://www.atdhe.me) also works.~~

third edit: based on a post on [http://atdhenet.tv/](http://atdhenet.tv/) (new atdhe.net) it would seem that atdhe.me is actually being operated by someone else.
anelka is playing like a man possessed.  someone doesn't wanna be replaced by torres ;)

and goal by terry!!
i agree that the plan's not game-ready but that was my idea.  less 8-yard penalties, more standard direct fks from point of foul unless at the point of shot.. then by all means have a pk.
damn you tinypic!!!
poor officiation continues into the second half.  doesn't help that both teams are at each others throats.
terry!!!
all without spending 8 quadrillion pounds too!
maybe your right. i just remember earlier in the season, when rooney came back, saf would leave berbatov and rooney in for the entire game if he didn't need hernandez.
you'll see it a lot in bars.  old mexican guys talking about how the owner of this club bribed this ref because he wants this team to lose, that way their club has a better chance of blah blah.  even in the stands sometimes you'll just hear the chant *arbitro vendido!* (sold ref)  over and over, it's hilarious.  
lampard has been clubbing the ball all night, great rebound by terry though
arshavin's on? jesus...
normally lampard would have buried at least one of those chances he has had

edit: fuck yeah, jt comes through 
same difference.
see him next season
i'm stuck in a pharmacy trying to watch live updates on my iphone so hard to tell what the hell is goin on, thanks for the updates
right click the link on the myp2p website, select "copy link address", and then paste that(ctrl-v) into the address bar in sopcast itself. seemples.
dear asharvin,
now would be the best time to find your form. thanks,

love,
ztuart
there's still a lot of games to be played. united at the emirates, anfield and the two matches against chelsea. still a long way to go, i'll only be happy when the trophy is already in the bag.
to be fair, arsenal didn't do much this transfer window either.
probably.
i do hope he comes in, with giggs and nani's form tonight, he's bound to get some good crosses that he seems to enjoy turning it into goal :d
i was pumped that i could understand all this... then not so pumped that after my 8 years of practicing spanish i only speak at a 6 year old level :p  i got 4 months before i head out to madrid, ahhh!!

also, very cute essay.
4,999 see you there!
that's the thing that really astonishes me.  you have veteran players like scholes and giggs that are arguably playing better some of the best football of their club careers and they are still trouncing these other ponces.  i hear fergie is giving scholes the option to extend his contract by a year if scholes feels like it. 
if everton would perform like they have against the big boys(city, manu, chelsea, arsenal, tottenham) we'd be up there challenging for europe.

too many dropped points against piss poor teams
just don't let the abu (anything but united) brigade demoralise you for being a "gloryhunter"
you're right, i'm supporting the toffees and arteta is getting on my nerves too, but cesc should have gotten a yellow in the first minutes for doing exactly the same to arteta

he has been trained well
i just downloaded it now and this is by far the best stream i've seen on the net! 
we all know that arsenal can't beat united. not this team of gunners. 
osman comes on to replace bilyatindtevenditov.
these guys are supposed to be playing barcelona in 2 weeks. this exact team will probably start, the best 11 players we have available right now are losing 1-0 to a poor everton squad who have just lost their main playmaker.

i can only cry about this. 
wow anelka is a fuckin' machine today.
i think saf and wenger are the only two managers that are actually being somewhat smart and not buying into the ridiculously over-inflated transfer market. there's still some value out there without spending a ridiculous amount for the flavours of the moment.
everyone has bad games man. 
just look at fulham's away jersey...
it's like the football gods are saying, "no, no, lampard.  no, no, kalou.  only one goal for the each of you tonight."
his deflection was still a defensive error that ultimately cost us the goal. 
that's how my commentator has been pronouncing it most of the game.
arshavin!!!!
yeah anelka is on. drogba really looks off the pace though, just kind of hobbles about when he gets the ball
[this might cheer everyone up a little](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glsaoqka-mg)
arshavin!! come on gunners!!
good call.
arshavinnnainfinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
arshavinnnnnnnnn he came through
simples. now get the fuck back to the spot and score another 2. 
arshavinnnnn
goalllllllllll!!! arshavin~!~!!!!!!
i apologize and retract this statement. 
arshavin!

now *that's* onside, goddammit.
on another note, walker looks like an immense talent, i know he's good in fm but only seeing him first time in real game.

villa got a good deal there, should help them much this season.
:d

he did it for you.
columbus crew please.  you're nice.  thanks for doing this.
i would agree. outside of the big four, everton is most likely. i mean they have tim howard! come on! i'm also watching the everton v arsenal game right now. 
psst, might want to reword that one...
cheers mate!
i don't know why arsene has fabregas as a fwd.  fabregas is better off as an attacking mid, leaving the striking positions to rvp and walcott.

also we're missing nasri, who is a huge help.
luiz and his registration wasn't made in time to the fa as well
arshavin! he got help from a defender too but this time he was onside when the first ball was played.
how the fuck is kalou missing these?
your ideal xi if on top form is scary, i wouldn't count your team out.
1-1. 

u nervous everton?
yeah, firstrow.net too.  
i don't know why, but i love that he talked about afellay when he's such a new addition to the team.
darren bent with a goal :d
bring the ball down and turn, bendtner.  you are not pele.
yesssssssss.  every time we doubt him he proves us wrong.
stream disabled due to a copyright claim. well show it in my country then, would ya?
nice quick passing, o'shea asleep at the wheel, good goal on the whole. now its a game again.
it's just sad to see us struggle and we have been for weeks... going a goal down all too often against weak, weak sides and yet we / the team / the management / something is lacking passion and the fire to get the team going and sealing games when we should. 
beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeent!
ah shit, just gave them a lifeline. this is gonna be a nervy 2nd-half for me.
we can do this!
live stream: http://www.firstrow.net/watch/48211/1/watch-arsenal-vs-everton-fc.html
what a time to score!! really composed and calm finish by the little russian!! oh and yeah fuck you ref!
i love both him and rosicky, but arshavin should have started.
hull city but not leeds? i weep. we won the league in 92 you know!
mind you torres is going to love these amount of chances
yes!!!!!!!!!!! you fucking beauties!!!
i have been stream hopping, this one has been working very well.
yeah!!!
gutted
what a massive massive goal.

it's like inter on sunday all over again.
koschielny is the new cygan. fuck me sideways. 
they hadn't been registered in time for this game as chelsea players with the fa
kosssss u beaytyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
laurent!

koooossssccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
arsenal! koscielny, you beut!
lucky bastard. you're watching a hell of a game!
heck yes! lovely now let's bring it up to 3 and be done with it.
laurent koscielny!   
2-1
http://www.thefoxandhounds.com/fox_and_hounds/home.html

liverpool fans go here, they're showing the game against chelski on sunday. that will be the day after my 21st birthday, so i will likely be there.
but it was at least working
absolute beauty by vidic!
thanks man.
what you know about headin the ball!?
i can't believe it! laurent woooot
that vidic goal was nicer than the second one from rooney, maybe.
vidic!!!!! with a strike no less!!! united's player of the season so far as far as i'm concerned. 
nemanjaa!!!
what a cracking goal from vidic, i must say/
i'd like an arsenal crest as well!! that would be awesome!! thanks!
aint that some shit?
what the fuck vidic. woah baby.
oh god why anichebe. 


the 4-1-3-2 is difficult to work with, it can leave teams incredibly vunerable due to counter attacking and the inability of the holding midfielder to really leave his position can lead to a gulch between defence and attack.

then again werder bremen used it to great success last season so it's all up in the air in terms of evidence.
and its arsenal!!,

arsenal fc !!!

we're by far the greatest team the world has ever seen!!!"
the second one was just a tap-in. unless you meant the whole play, including the cross.
that's the problem with all these men as line refs.  i'll bet they don't even understand the offside rule.
&gt;possession last 5 minutes:  
&gt;arsenal 100% - 0% everton

just came up on my screen
oooooh!!!
he is a scoring legend... 52 goals in 117 apps for ajax:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rafael_van_der_vaart
but the advertisements are horrid. i'm epileptic, too.
..where the hell did he learn how to do that?
[late but whatever](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo1xtekahze)
&gt; any liverpool fans in the us are just bandwagon red sox fans anyways.

i'm no liverpool fan, but i'll vouch that there have been liverpool bangwagoners way before the red sox bought them.
bosingwa looks more and more like niko bellic every game.
arshavins goal was the first goal from an arsenal substitute in over 3 months.
ah ok. well i still don't see how it has any bearing on his price, seeing as carroll cannot be at his peak performance.  
i'm pretty sure arsenal have made some similar purchases of equally-talented and young players for much less (e.g. 20 y/o van persie £3m).
yeah, i meant it in its entirety.
veetle is perfectly safe and easy to use. install the plugin from veetle.com, it's all you need. 
i'm a bendtner convert. we just look a lot sharper with him up front and it's not just his ability in the air i am writing about. 
the point still stands though: 

torres in good form &gt; carroll in good form.
or some racial stereotyping?  :)
tempers flaring up, bosingwa leading in with the unibomber and ivanovic uses mean look
i'd give you my opinion, but i didn't get a stream up until about 15''.  fighting the government.  if he did, fair play to everton fans for wanting arteta to put it through the back of cesc.
it's got money involved so don't question their reach.

/s
newcastle united, making every other premiere league team look good since 1892. 
you should, i always go for veetle streams since they tend to be really good quality.
heart stopped on that corner.
so what you're basically saying is liverpool bought him simply because he can head things?

would tim cahill then not have been the ultimate logical buy, the best head in the league?
koscielny oh oh
koscielny oh oh
he fights to head the ball
so everton get fuck all

koscielny oh oh
nemanjaaa, ooohooo ohoooo
i think i'm ad blocking. i just have a crappy stream with horrid sound. i prefer sound to visual since i'm multitasking.
he's been really good recently.  less tripping over his feet, more threat and creativity.  i used to be a big detractor of his as well.
emile heskey eh?

i'd say we need to push young out on to the wing and let heskey stretch play a bit.  that's our only chance.

also, we need downing to stop wasting his chances by just hitting them straight at the defending player.

nice shot by young too, he needs to use his space better.
fuuuuu
im not a convert just yet, but i must say he has improved quite a bit. less of a giant uncoordinated heap than usual.
bolton!
went to the site, says it's seized by the fbi... :(
this particular article is well written, but honestly, pretty much common sense. transition is important - obviously.

perhaps the other articles are better.
good fact, fact-man.
"arsenal have conceded five goals in the final 10 minutes of games this season."
he comes from serbia! he'll fuckin' murder ya!
k, thanks bro. 
every time i see your name pop up i start singing [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkdjkfeg1ca) in my head
tfti. 

myp2p and vipcanal are decent alternatives.
put eboue on.  we can't risk losing sagna.
from minutes 71 to 77, arsenal had 100% possession.
ramires really looks like a chelsea player now, and loving lampard's calm on the ball and ability to find an open man.
you stop that now!
more full disclosure:

i thought leeds was irish...i remember hull city because i am a hockey fan and the name reminds me of brett hull.

i declare myself more intelligent than the average american but far less than the average brit.
so it's about time you stop playing the "rebel" card, don't ya think, sonny?
lol no.
now theo's down again.
is there a youtube video of this?
he comes from serbia. 

to the sunderland player who tried to control it with a back heel: lol

also, drogba is a monster when he plays d
any update regarding noise from the stands?  heard it might be cheering!

;)

there's a series of shows called "the real football factories" that offers a great inside perspective on how the firms are organized and operate. 

absolutely fantastic show. can't recommend it enough. 
now he's up and sprinting the entire length of the pitch.
by the way, fuck these commentators.  theo's been down twice in the last three minutes, and tony gale's thundering on about "they'll try anything". 

fuck you, tony. fuck you.
africa *is* rather pointy there, isn't it?
til luis suarez scored 49 goals in 48 games last year... why is carroll #9 again?
clichy needs to just put that in the net.
form and consistency, the bane of arsenal since 2009.
it's on constant repeat in my head!
no he wasn't. chelsea vastly overpaid for him at the time too, don't get it twisted.
can i get a man united crest please? and thanks again for taking the time to do all this.
anelka!!!  well deserved, worked his ass off all night. 2-4
anelka scores! and so deservedly.
just reward for a hard working game from anelka

edit: ancelotti on the sideline, eyebrow up, nodding: not bad, not bad
winning in the air and still have accuracy while doing so is different.. tim cahill has a great head, but he scores from positioning and runs from midfield, not through force... cahill is not a "target man"
still in the title race!
sunderland 2 : 4 chelsea

bardsley 4

lampard (pen) 15

richardson 26
	
kalou 23

terry 60

anelka 90+3
asharvin: form found, absolute momentum shift.
everyone is rock! easy win for torres.
that was depressing.
suarez is from uruguay. kezman is from serbia. however bergkamp is from the netherlands.

1/3... not bad.
the boy's in blue are back!
get tony gale fired, biased statements left and right!

suarez, kezman, and bergkamp all played in netherlands, and even though some were born in other countries, were imported from the dutch system at one point.
ever had your instep trod on?  it hurts like hell for a few minutes, and then you're fine.  i'm not bedridden after i stub a toe.  he was also limping after he'd done it.
so, streaming arsenal game, with man u on the tv b/c espn only shows man u games, and i cna't help buy notice just how sexy the arsenal kits are compared to everybody else's. they're so damn sharp. just sayin'. 
why do comeback wins feel so much better?  nice job boys.
they stream a lot of fsc which is illegal. since fox is an american company i figure they have a legal argument and jurisdiction over certain domain registrars. that being said the government can't seize atdhe servers which are in sweden.
c'mon us government its not like we prefer watching shitty streams to live hd broadcasts.
couldn't agree more.
i was off by a couple million. chelsea paid £40.5 million for him. i thought the sum was closer to £36 million. however, he was very good at milan and almost worth the money (had it panned out). chelsea overpaid for him by ~£5 million. liverpool overpaid for carrol by ~£10-15 million. that's a pretty big different.
[highlights](http://arsenalist.com/)
all i can say is wow...this is like old scary chelsea.  anelka is really making his claim for a starting spot.
even last year, we might've let these points slip and pointed to the offside and said "it isn't our fault."

that's how winners react.  well done, arsenal.
"great to see the resources who are supposed to be protecting us from terrorism spending their time and our money on what amounts to copyright enforcement."

[source](http://calacanis.com/2011/02/01/atdhe-net-seized-by-homeland-security-go-911/)

kosc didn't scuff the clearance, he stretched and only got a piece of it.

to blame him for that goal is totally unfair.

rvp had a lot of talent, but there was no guarantee he was proven, torres is a proven striker, bent is a proven striker and they command transfer fees of proven strikers.

rvp was someone who had tremendous potential in holland and could easily have been a bust like kezman or alves in england.

if you look at our starting 11, we bought them all when they were very young.  nasri and arshavin are they only ones who cost over 15 million pounds.


i think the final of [these](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/offside_\(association_football\)#offside_offence) three criteria in bold applies here.  

&gt;**gaining an advantage by being in an offside position.**  
&gt;playing the ball after the ball has rebounded off the goal, the goalkeeper, or any opponent
any other united supporters a little nervous about the next few years after vds retires? i've got terrible visions of the bosnich and massimo taibi (sp?) years again. don't think kuszczak is the long term solution either.
ha. thanks for crediting me.
for those 7 minutes i was still 100% worried about conceding. ;p
thank goodness for the win but we should not have struggled.  we are going to be facing our arc-nemesis, barcelona, in a few weeks.  we really need to get it correct. 
"villa ... need 2 goals... in 2 minutes.... piece of cake .... hahahahaha" sometimes you just gotta love the commentary 
i have this irrational believe that saf will react in time this time. he must be sick and tired of nonsense goalkeepers.
bosnich was okay, he did his job. taibi on the other hand, he was just unfortunate, i pity him actually. let's have a look at how lindegaard performs the next couple of seasons.
saf said he will not make the same mistake again as he did when schmeichel left so i have faith that he will either buy a gk or lindegaard is the solution.
since when is barca our arc-nemesis? honestly, everton is a good team who were setup well to stop us. we had a terrible decision go against us and fought back from it to win the game. i'm not sure what you want to correct.
sorry i deleted and reposted it. i would argue that if you asked most people would say suarez and kezman don't count as dutch imports. neither of them were in the dutch youth system or even play for a dutch team until about their 20s.
i have a feeling that he's going to work out this funk he's been in while nasri's out. we finally saw a little of the brilliance that he's capable of!
yeah man. this game was a helluva rollercoaster ride.
we're starting to be able to hang with the best. not beat them, aside from the spain fluke, but we're starting to hang in there. 
ಠ_ಠ
that's really the problem though, at this level of play, its hard to break a new keeper into the first team of topflight football. almost have to have a readymade straight into action replacement. but lindegaard looks like he could be promising, still makes me nervous though.
look, i acknowledged my mistake. i was wrong to say with such confidence that he had gone to gremio etc. can we act like men and move forward now?  
that throw to nani in the 92' minute is testament.
and then he started whining at cesc because he was trying to get everton to kick the ball out of play so theo could get seen to.  must have been on the wrong end of a highbury hammering at some point in his career. 
a thanks to radioslave for the thread! nice one.
i was exaggerating with the arc-nemesis thing but i believe we've faced them 3 times in as many years and they always beat us.  everton is an ok team but we ought to have put this to pasture sooner. 
no man, i wanted the opponents to win, but jordan was a one man phenomenon and it was hard to hate him, unlike kobe or lebron.
agreed.  i've never been so happy to see rooney play and play well.  made me feel a bit emotional.....brits, if i cry when mufc wins the treble this year, can i get dual citizenship?
nice to see rooney getting his form back.
you have a fair point . so consider how good we could be if we'd spend 30 million for once. we have the money, we'd get 3 great players, imagine what affelay, mexes and emanuelson would have brought us!!

also what annoys me is when wenger buys players who end up being useless to us and forgotten like flamini, reyes and hleb, this list is also as long as my arm. squillaci and koschielny will also be in this list in a few years, quote me on that if i'm wrong ;)
i can't comment, this was my first shirt:

http://www.oldfootballshirts.com/img/shirts/3/aston-villa-uit%c2%a0-voetbalshirt%c2%a0-1993-1995-s_1583_1.jpg
i'm totally stoked brah. totally stoked. 
honestly, when i started getting into epl, i chose everton to root for because of tim howard.
please chelsea, send manchester city out of the top 3.  they really don't belong there.
how appropriate your username is red shrek and you like tommy smith. guy looks like a fuckin orc. 
he'll fuckin' murder ya!
what am i missing out on here?  
i'm at work so my options for investigation are quite limited.  
did atdhe.net get taken down somehow?
i guess what is the issue is that i meant that great goal scorers in the dutch league are hit or miss.  
i didn't get it when i spilled a whole pint of guinness down the front of my 1999 sharp viewcam away strip when ole flicked it in against bayern, so crying probably won't do it either. also i could have cared less about the stain at the time.
i certainly hope so. i am open to believing in him again now. 
legend
i wouldn't worry about it. the average brit is only really aware of the big us sports teams, like the new york red sox and the san francisco lakers.
atdhe.me/

edit: that site is fake.   http://atdhenet.tv/ is legit though.
bonus points if your mum's caught stealing and your dad's drug dealing.
hahahahahhaha....you owe me a new keyboard. 
i'm really loving our little big frenchman. that's two winners in one week that he's scored, both vital for us. can't wait to see him pairing verms.
just when i thought we were turning our season around... fuckin rooney.
aaaand....problem completely solved.
the entire team put in a very strong performance, going in for balls where they knew they would get tackled, fighting for the second ball, not giving up despite all the crap from the ref.

great performance by everyone, including all the subs.

now we just need to get out of this without too many injuries.
hope song and nasri get back soon.
this is what the world gets for trusting america with their internets.
caps that.
it's soo fluuuffffyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!
i root for barcelona on every match except against milan.
i got to see them both last august @camp nou. 
so annoying having to watch that fucking oreo's commercial 3 times. 
[rojadirecta](http://www.rojadirecta.com) is the best one by far every game every language
at least claret and blue is a cool color combo
he's a regular contributor to west ham's official website, according to wikipedia.

guess what, tony?  you're going down, down, down to the championship.
your comment made me :-d -----&gt; :'-(
he had some breathtaking touches today. a shame his freekick didn't go in.
arshavin played a full game 2 days ago and arsenal were also a man down that game.  i'm not fully convinced if rosicky is the best, but given the other options are bentdner and chamakh, and they're not ideal wingers.
yes, once you leave and start being a man.

i'm already a man, i've not said that i'd leave some place if something happened, but you did. part of being a man is about facing the consequences of your words, and being true to your words.
correct. it was kos though, not clichy.
us lecce...per favore

my favorite italian underdogs
you learn much more when you live in the country that speaks the language.   my gf lived in italy for one summer, and came back years ahead on her italian language courses. 
kill it with fire!

i think that was gbh on my eyeballs :(
seriously, just put your head down and kick it, but knowing clichy, he'd miss from 3 yards out.

i have no idea why our sidebacks lose all footballing brain when they advance past the opponents 18 yard box.
everton beat manu and chelsea last year. they tied with manu this year i believe.
andy gray should teach you how the offside rule works. saha was active there and thus interfering with the play, hence it's an offside. so technically, it would never be a valid goal.
footytube
he's a very young player, and has done well for his age and will get better and better.

he's got a great shot and positional sense as well, i have no idea why people hate on him so much.  he's going to be a great player in 2-3 years.


well i'm not going to leave, so you can put that in your pipe and smoke it. 
gotta protect the corporations. everything else is an after thought.
i feel bad for never playing him now.
we just want to watch football, dammit.
sportzkrieg.com is good for soccer and other sports too. just not college sports which is upsetting.
taken down as well.
fulham please!
time warner brings me great sadness
taken down lol.
http://www.splives.com

a decent flash only alternative that usually has a few links per match. found them today when the stream from myp2p i was watching went down at the 85' of the sunderland - chelsea match.
[this](http://www.sportsshoes.com/nomis/imgs/articles/old_boot2.jpg) is why they a called boots. in fact, these are comparatively lightweight compared to the work boots that players would use after working down 't pit, so to speak. it's down to heritage.

as for the term "franchise," the difference for us is that clubs are independent of the organisation running the league and have existed, essentially, completely separate to it. by way of explanation, many of the clubs in the leagues pre-date the organisations running them. again it comes down to heritage and franchise is an emotional term as it denies the romance of the club as a non-business focussed entitty.

i think, in addition, to your observation about language, we're also two nations divided by culture. hence the general dislike of the term "franchise" when applied to clubs.
we'll see how long the dudes keep it up for; i'm not the one who cares. see the symbol? it's from a 3rd league turkish football team that i took as a joke. i won't be in /soccer often, but other people will.

and you're a bitch for not being true to your word.
sagna is dynamite from 15-18 yards.
ftfy    newcastle united, making every other *premier* league team look good since *1992*.
so who else thinks torres *won't* be replacing anelka after his performance today?
who cares about soccer, it is just soccer.

but now what am i going to do to watch ufc?
what about cesc's comin on and scoring the pk for the fa cup stuff?
well new state of the art stadiums don't come cheap.
he's using a lot of the savings to pay the debt down on the stadium.
the glazers have hundreds of millions of pounds of debt on manchester.

also, arsenal have probably the third highest wage bill in england, and wage bills are far better indicators of success than transfer fees.

besides, how would affelay and emanuelson really help the team, we have clichy and gibbs is our back up.  what's the point of keeping gibbs in that case?

flamini wasn't useless, but he left us.

reyes was someone who couldn't adapt to england, but you can't deny his talent.  and we paid quite a bit for him.

hleb..., great player until he gets into the opponent's box...

affelay, mexes, and emanuelson could end up just like the 3 players.

kos was amazing today, squillaci is an experienced back up, not meant to be a superstar, but a water carrier for us.
the gallaghers are fans of manchester city. 
well that's just like uh your opinion man. 
but the packers still exist because they were originally granted a franchise and (according to wikipedia, so it could be wrong), the current setup is actually in violation of nfl rules and is only allowed because it was already in place when the current rules were created. 

as i understand it, this is how us team sports tend to work - the governing body has a number of franchises and they can choose who gets these. if a group of americans decided to set up a new american football team there would be no route, beyond taking over an existing franchise, to ever have that team play in the nfl.

uk sport tends not to work like this - if a group of you decide to set up a new football team here, then apart from actual success on the pitch (and ground regulations), there's absolutely nothing that would stop you eventually playing at the top level.
his crossing is the weakest part of his game.

his defence, positoining and ability to run up are great, but the crossing (low or high, is very weak).
well, that is his name.
fc barcelona please
i'd love that mate, it'd save our club.
or help for a very, very long time!
it would take us around 33 games to get that!!
which is about 2 seasons worth of home games.
embarrasing really :(
it's an altogether different issue when i wear my "man city" t shirt around sf. it draws a **lot** of attention.
yes, it's really not working out playing bendtner on the right. he's only scored six goals from ten starts there.
except espn isn't really free as you are paying for it as part of a basic cable package.  cheap people like me who don't want cable as i never really have time to watch, choose services like foxsoccer.tv because it is cheap and i can watch on my own time as they save matches if i miss the kickoff
source?  even if it's true a) his starts come against much weaker teams and b) there's no questioning the fact that it negates some of his aerial threat.  he's scored a couple of good strikes cutting in but i don't think it's safe to say that's his game yet.
it's the same thing that popped up on tvshack, ninjavideo, et al a few months back. it's, unfortunately, legit.
&gt;rojadirecta.org

supposedly that site have been seized by ice?!?
obviously the only way you are supposed to watch a soccer game from overseas is move there for the three hours of the show and watch it there. anything else less is against the dmca.
bless his sexist heart.
an american who's heard of forest? i'm impressed. 

when i was working over there (in texas), i once mentioned to someone that i came from nottingham and the response was "is that actually a real place?"
damn! so that's why i couldn't get on this afternoon.  it was just a white screen for me but good to know what the problem is.
good find, lol
definitetly not. everytime i get in a cab and i tell them where i'm from i get "how about manchester united, huh?" "there's two teams from manchester. i support the other one, manchester city." "yeah, manchester united. great team. great team."

fuuuuuu
i like it. simple and clean.

where's the 2nd kits?
seriously. who cuts kuyt's hair?
you're in the soccer reddit, you fucking moron.

like walking into a ufc training room and saying "violence is just wrong!"
i use http://myp2p.eu/competition.php?competitionid=&amp;part=sports&amp;discipline=football also, which has the benefit of giving me a few days heads up too. only problem i've had is that you need to have installed sopcast first.
manchester paid 28 million pounds for berba, and everybody got pissed. but carroll isn't berba, and liverpool isn't man u. 
yeah, i'm not really a big fan of espn's "poll center." you can't link to specific polls or even topics. this poll is under "fernando torres to chelsea" on the sidebar, in case it disappears from the featured polls.

edit: you *can* link to specific poll results. [http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/fp/flashpollresultsstate?sportindex=pollindex&amp;pollid=106150](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/fp/flashpollresultsstate?sportindex=pollindex&amp;pollid=106150)
agreed. we did pretty much these exact drills when i played youth soccer.  good explanation though, and i'd love to read more of his thoughts on the more complex parts of the game.
i think you meant san diego lakers. they're named after that big lake. baseiron's my favourite sport after soccer.
i just saw that too when i accidentally clicked on the book mark... bother. 

i hope i can still watch hockey later tonight.
mullet ftw!
i think one of the key points that can be taken away from this is not the net amount that has been spent (i believe it was only 1.6 mil) but the fact that nesv were willing to take all their money they got from the transfer and put it right back into the team. it shows their willingness to spend money on the team, and that they put faith into decisions made by dalglish and comolli. 
ah, here we go: [http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/fp/flashpollresultsstate?sportindex=pollindex&amp;pollid=106150](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/fp/flashpollresultsstate?sportindex=pollindex&amp;pollid=106150)
truly lol'd at that 
... i honestly wanted to post this...
it's still too soon...
this is easily explained by the way and you can blame tabloids. david beckham and c. ronoldo were constantly popping up in us tabloids a few years back.

add onto that the commercials from advertisers featuring rooney and beckham and what you have is brainwashing.

so, i blame the tabloid and tv hiveminds.

ps: 90% of those who voted probably couldn't name more than 5 players and if asked who's the best current player, they would say "beckham?" or maybe even "pele?"
done :d

thanks mate :)
or, alternatively, designed to ensure the status quo is preserved.

 it'll be hard for anyone to benefit from a wealthy benefactor as my club has.

which will mean it will be double hard for anyone to break the cl monopoly as those clubs get all the money and they also get to more easily recruit new fans and their $$$.

the prinicple seems to make sense - props to uefa - but in reality it won't do much. especially as it doesn't affect clubs where ownership is funded by debt.
go crew
lol, if only he could see this trolling. xd
good job i didn't buy the speedos with it printed on the back.
you literally couldn't be more wrong.
this poll is on the espn "top polls" page mixed with polls about other us sports, so most people who took this poll are probably not soccer fans. they probably just though, "hmm... well i've heard of manchester united, so..."
show the matches on tv then.
haha
thats gone too ha
you say this without knowing that the carroll transfer will pan out. i personally can't see him not scoring at least 10-15 epl goals a season at liverpool. not to mention the chances he will create for suarez. if he does this for 8-10 years he will be a great signing.
after the italian world cup meltdown my then-boss attempted to burn her italy shirt.  it's harder than you might suppose.  we actually ended up making an afternoon project of it, and it was a grill that eventually did the trick.
spurs crest please :) 
this is bound to be interesting. what do you reckon he said? here's my guess:

*how did elmer fudd become a ref?*
the domain is down not website :) http://www.rojadirecta.me 

from their twitter account eng: us authorities "steal" our domain rojadirecta.org! we are now on http://www.rojadirecta.me (and also on .com .es .in .be ...)
ahh, thanks for the clarification!
if your going out in a speedo i'm thinking you'll have problems no matter what's printed on them
he said, "besa mi culo, puto."
all the rojadirecta forums are down though.
the #1 thread in this subreddit addresses the problem
manchester city please! 
the same guy who was on set for the goonies.
how to pronounce his name?
i am sure they will be back up after super bowl.

http://www.ilemi.com/ will be replaced by http://80.67.12.51/ or http://www.ilemi.tv/

oh and there is also http://www.atdhe.fm/

true i didn't notice they probably fix that soon too :)
http://www.livetv.ru/en

sopcast, tvu, flash etc links. atdhe.net seized? no loss.
hey, when pires says you're a legend, you're a legend.
oh, yeah.
i think torres will have a substitute role on sunday
i hope so. their forums are great for getting entire matches.
this poll is crap.  no controls for sample size.  no null options for the questions.  i don't know anything about throwball or basketball.  i answered most of the questions thinking: ummmm, i dunno, for most of them.  the questions about the nfl, i was like who does rothlisberger play for?  lebron james and the cavaliers question, who does james play for?  something about ncaa team, errrrr, what sport? i'm sure the average 'merican sports fan when they got to the question about epl clubs had no clue in the same way.  do any american epl supporters actually go to espn for their english league news?  i head on over to uk sources myself.  
is this egypt?
i know a win is much better but kudos to villa for bringing on 3 attacking players in the second half and taking the game to us.
wow, that was one of the best written pieces i've seen come from espn regarding football. 

the one thing that i'm curious about is that everyone has their opinions as to how kenny is going to run the field. all of them very good possibly answers so i'm interested to see who comes out correct when carrol finally enters the pitch, healthy.
not true, clubs are allowed a deficit of £38.5million, and if they can show to uefa that their balance sheets are improving then they are allowed to discount wage expenses on contracts started before june 2010... that last extremely wooly clause in particular renders these rules pretty much inert.
last year, everton was on fire.  unfortunately, moyes and his boys can't seem to repeat. 
not an own goal.
channelsurfing.net is down also. how is this an issue of homeland security????
and twitter comments.
and the reason djourou didn't track his run was because he was offside.
well it has to start somewhere
[he died in hospital](http://www.devachat.com/index.php?showtopic=67015&amp;st=0) and had been battling an illness. that's all i know.
he will do well at villa
cheltenham town for me too.
1 champions league and 1 la liga in 5 years...
i like moyes as a manager - he's just doing the usual "deflect criticism from his team" thing that all managers do.

not sure if these links will work outside the uk ...

* [moyes interview](http://bcove.me/oq07n4hw)

* [wenger interview](http://bcove.me/1g48rekg)

wenger even challenges them to bring out the footage from the tunnel camera, or to ask the referee himself what happened.  

this all reminds me of "spitgate" with phil brown accusing fabregas of "improper attire on a football pitch" ...
it is the nouveau riche that take the brunt.
he was spot on, sad that is a rare sight. if every player cut out the theatrics it would be a much more respectable game. have an upvote sir!
it's pretty strong really.  people like to rant and rave about maicon and alves but they too put in tonnes of poor crosses.
yeah i agree i back these rules, i'm just pointing out that an awful lot of hype is being made about not very much. i seriously doubt any major football club is going to be kicked out of europe as a result of these rules.
i like wenger's response...

i am sure fabregas didn't talk to the ref... i bet he spoke to the referee's assistant though. 

can't wait for the papers tomorrow. glad i'm in the uk... you can bet i'll be raked over in the press... and over... and over... 
&gt; rossoner**i**


[i like this one too.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nim_chimpsky)
that might rival the old school canucks v-neck jerey as the worst jersey of all time.
well how many clubs would fall for the deficit limit of £38.5million now?
except for the 08/09-09/10 charlton imitation kit.
dae think those would make great club crests ?

perhaps they've decided to start teams and have taken over the domain as a waymof reaching an audience with an interest in soccer they can divert...
bit early to say really, he looked better, but still.  he's coming off a massive slump, one game isn't going to bring him back, it will start putting him on the right track though.
chelsea!
fantastic finish. hope to see more of that with lfc.
other sites are still up, but for how long?  i suspect however, that atdhe was removed because of nfl games rather than soccer.  but who the fuck knows.  
get a graduate degree!
they work fast.
care to post some links to pics? so my little eyes can see?
i have one single grievance against livetv.ru - they could bother to do what myp2p does, and add [en][cn][ls] behind their streams to indicate what language the broadcast is in. 

nothing more annoying than to find a stream running at crystal clear 800kbps, only to find out that the commentators are speaking lizardpeoplespeakm chinese or spanish.
2005-2006 cl final, barcelona narrowly win against 10 man arsenal (who had several 1 on 1 chances to kill the game off).
2009-2010, arsenal 2 - 2 barcelona in a game where barcelona started at a blistering pace, but suffered later on as a result &amp; barcelona 4 - 1 arsenal in a game where arsenal were missing players in all sorts of positions (gallas, song, fabregas, nasri, arshavin and rvp were replaced by a bunch of half-fit backups).

don't get me wrong, barcelona are the stronger team and will likely win but people need to stop getting carried away with the hype.
he has several other articles already written.
just select them on the page's right menu.
http://soccerlens.com/shirts/arsenal-0809-home-kit/

http://www.historicalkits.co.uk/charlton_athletic/charlton_athletic.htm
wasn't that a homestarrunner skit?
makes me think of the henry handball.

he had the opportunity to advance the case for fair play light years but failed miserably.
if they could discount all their wage expenses then not as many as you'd think. this really is a pretty gaping loophole; chelsea reported positive cash flow for the first time this year, that would probably be enough to "prove" to uefa that their figures are improving.
yeah i thought maybe there was something lost in translation there... probably not.  whatever he's solid hopefully he can prove himself in the epl and score some goals
mmm. this year's is still my fave.
sure, because shevchenko for 36 is horrible, but for 30 million is an entirely different story.
i don't know when you last checked, but this as recently been added.
this is terrible. non of the alternative sites are working well.
well by 2015 not many people will be on pre-2010 contracts and by 2017 surely effectively noone has pre-2010 contracts (if i correctly understand that this is the concern). 5 years is half a lifetime for a player in football.. but not a lot of time for the game
except 9 goals in 23 games is not good enough when you're world class. which is why rooney is not being discussed as much.  he should be competing for the golden boot every season.  
this years is the best for absolutely ages (02/03-03/04 perhaps).

i was saying, arsenal kits are usually awesome, the home kits anyway, in comparison to pretty much every other club (e.g. liverpool red with red and red) *except* for the abomination that was the 08/09-09/10 charlton kit.
i watch cricket a lot and many players come to mind who walk off even though the umpire gave them not out,or fielders who say that they didn't catch the ball properly etc. sadly, that's not the case in football.
must be quite a few weeks. 

when i can't find a stream on myp2p for a midweek game or a 3pm game on a saturday, i tend to go there. myp2p tends to satisfy my needs most of the time.
legend.
uh i still blue kits.

edit: yeah, uh, sorry that.
i often get the feeling than when our fullbacks get into a crossing position, with quite a bit of space and time, they make some really bad crosses.  eboue is especially guilty of this, while gibbs is probably the best of the 4 side backs in this regard.  sometimes i want to scream and scream for them to take an extra second and take a look.


no strikers capable of scoring goals and arteta is absent.
video removed.
they do on channels you have to pay extras for minus the occasional 6:45 a.m. saturday games on espn. 
why don't we take scrabble of espn and put premier league football?
question: why the hell is the department of homeland security involved in a domain forfeiture?
"homestarrunner.com...it's dot net"
torres for 50 is a better deal than carroll for 35.

pool should have just saved up the cash and invested in summer.
they probably could've got 2 carroll's for the price they paid.

it's not as if they were gonna make cl, and i doubt making euro was that important.
liverpool could've got dzeko for a lot less and likely still have the same results.
someone should add to the bottom "we paid how much for carroll?" with dalglish crying. yeah, they got more for torres than he was worth, but they also spent way more on carroll than he's worth.
ahh ok! got it. i was wondering what you thought was so special about the 09-10 kit. all in all, it wasn't horrid, as we have well documented the other disasterous kits the epl has seen in the last 10 years.

anyway- just wish espn would show a game with not manchester united every once in a while.
if carroll puts up 'world class striker' numbers, then he will get that wage that commands it as well.
liverpool sold torres to chelsea and got carroll in return, and now they're going to beat chelski for the 4th spot?

that's not the way to do it.
there was a period when he was getting booed of the pitch at the emirates. 
of course your dad is river plate.

;)
i read all his description trying to figure out why...had to go back and check the name to figure out the joke haha
they do make a lot of bad crosses but generally full backs (though clichy and eboue are particularly awful) aren't great crossers, even those hailed as being brilliant going forward.
...nope, not clicking that.
i'm not quite sure if we can hang with the best. that ghana game in the wc was atrocious.
yet if blackburn did it, it would be long ball...
football is a sport where you are encouraged to cheat.
&gt;edit: america being, the continent of america (mexico, guatemala, salvador, nicaragua, honduras, costa rica, panama, colombia, venezuela, peru, argentina, brazil, ecuador, chile, and so on..)

here (argentina) you can watch epl games every weekend on regular cable. most people who like football know of the existence of more than the big four.
still mad about that one to be honest...
might as well have been
i hate to admit it, but evra and especially a younger fitter gary neville were excellent crossers.
wc was atrocious, and putting it in that context, i overspoke. but confed cup went well, despite the maybe 80% effort from the big teams. i'm just saying if we play pretty flawlessly, we should get a draw
someone needs to create a rage comic with dalglish as the troll for overselling torres and then another rage comic with dalglish as the crying trollface with the carroll signing.
van der sar is not only great as keeper but also as a player, he's strong on the ball and can pass around nicely. 
ordered mine. is there a plan for adjusting the shipping for all these non-uk orders?
interesting stuff. i wouldn't want to get duct tape crap all over the jersey though. however, i may be trying this on sunday

edit: excellent poster, btw. 
sc freiburg, thank you!
i only watch arsenal because of eboue
i wasnt saying he hit it randomly upfield and it came off. just if certain teams/players hit a 60yd pass, it's an excellent cross field ball, for others it's long ball tactics. search your feelings, you know it to be true.
typical january transfer window though (as in everyone is overpriced)
you accidentally out a word
just making the same analogy.

evreyone knows about noel gallagher's man citeh appearances.
you accidentally a word
i thought those kind of things were fake. normally when the justice system is involved they just take the sites down and not place such a message. and, indeed, what has homeland security to do with it? 
i was being facetious.
there's a slide show of pictures underneath the text. zoomed out pictures of the second jersey are at the end of it (furthest on the right)
it has to be drogba who is dropped
don't burn it, duct tape it.
as a brazilian i am seriously considering murdering whoever came up with this. it was probably the worst idea ever, second only to invading russia on winter.

what is the yellow shirt? it's an institution of football. ever since 1958 it's the most emblematic uniform of all. yeah, call me biased, but brazil's yellow shirt is the most famous shirt of all.

and what nike, with all that marketing potential, does with it? take a fucking giant shit on it! the *only* fucking thing they had to do was not have that green banner on it. the only thing! it would sell as many shirts, in fact much more since now half the brazilian population isn't going to go near that piece of shit and the other half will now be too busy fighting off whoever is beating on them for wearing that shit in public.

nike loves to take nothing in consideration though, specially when it comes to brazil, so they have their prefabricated shirts and just apply new color schemes to it. some shirt designs shouldn't be subject to that, some are just too important and unique to be just another uniform. it's not just the brazilian yellow, but the dutch orange, the english white, the italian blue.

i'm fucking pissed.

edit: i just saw the blue one...what a disgrace.
seems quite natural. 
neville had a fantastic cross on him, more than made up for his fairly average pace as he could just cross accurately from quite high up the pitch.
or a 4312 with kelly and johnson providing service 
lovely spikes and love the trend upwards. good job. 
damnit.  sorry, did not realize where i was.  no offense, sorry again.
i dont get it, who are these people?
i am. but not for losing him, for the way he left town. no reason at all to be a complete dick but he was, and then some. 
just stay out of amsterdam with your ugly friends. 
i hate the green bar, and i prefer the blue kits to the green kits.
chill dude, it's just a shirt.  besides, there's no longer a blue kit, it's green and yellow.
because suarez did all that playing from a wide forward role in a 4-3-3, like he'll be doing at pool.
nesv once paid $50m just for the privilege of **talking** to a player, in order to negotiate a trade. that is $50,000,000.00 just to talk to him. his salary being unrelated in anyway to that figure. i'm not very worried about the carrol money. 
this would make a great commercial!
i did!
for once the fans have backed the team. i hear a lot of complaints about shitty home fans.
still working, it's redirecting to soccertvlive.net and showing the same content as before.

not even that far. the ball left coleman's foot for saha when he was offside by a whole football field. it was offside as soon the pass the was made. 
don't laugh :(
please read: it is lame to ask others for money so you can keep a soccer team together.  its a game about fun and competition.  alot of people need money to keep a soccer team together, just because you have reddit in your name does not seem to be that you work at reddit.
"@tonybarrettimes will u help me promote this charity? please dont burn your torres shirt. send it to a kid in africa www.football4africa.org"

-@mikeduffy82
glad i didn't get a andy carroll jersey
 lindegaard looks promising
yeah d:
apparently that's an impostor. might be a good site, but trying to steal atdhe users through trickery is not cool. 
terrorists love television.
i've seen a few other sites taken down and this pic put up. it's real, unfortunately.
yes and europe the same. the continent of europe (the united kingdom, the netherlands, belgium, france, spain, portugal, norway, denmark, germany...) 

stop making generalizations. 
nice username! fan here.
just call him 'the pirate'
everyone who watches football is a terrorist.

right?

right?!?!?!
wikipedia domain name seized!!!!
wellington phoenix please! :)
and he also sucks.
edit: referring to daisuke matsuzaka.
and no pienaar.
he did well.  well enough that i took note of the name and searched for it in my fantasy league, anyway.
i've already dealt with the ole "oh yeah...you like united?  how convenient!" crap.  the way i became interested in soccer &amp; specifically united is:  i was sick with liver disease in 2008 - i watched a lot of tv in hospital &amp; at home.  out of boredom, i began watching re-broadcasts of epl matches at 2 or 3am.  united happened to be televised most often and i started becoming familiar with players names.  i wasn't "following" united or the epl at that time - i had no idea about united's history - i didn't know anything about the club...but, i had taken a liking to the team because of my familiarity with seeing them play.  if liverpool had been the most broadcast club in those days, i would probably be a liverpool supporter today.  after my liver transplant, i was again stuck in-front of the tv a **lot** and then i started taking a more interested look into united's history and the epl.
or comcast/other partner's cable service.
love the anfield sign above the stairs
i on the other hand was mostly influenced by my dad who supported united during the george best, dennis law and charlton era. my dad would bring me to a couple of games when i was young, this was during the 80s. sadly, i don't remember much only a 1 - 0 win against west bromwich (don't know why i remember that match). we had to move back to my home country after my dad finished his studies and that was the last i ever went to a united match. would love to go again sometime.
where the fuck were you streaming it? i could only stream the god damn manu game :/
at least it wasn't the lady linesman. jesus christ for her if that had happened.
was he sitting on his ass playing with himself?

;-p
[the long pass from the first goal reminded me of something...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owpnrxcxzj4) 

/troll ;)
fernando torres, holding his child while walking with his wife, are u stupid?
reyes never lived up to expectations but hleb worked his ass off. flamini wasn't bad by any stretch of the imagination either.
that was the exact title i was going to put. i just wanna watch some sports
lol, exactly what i was thinking.

someone should show this play to that cunt. i'm glad he was shitcanned. it's not 1958.
add more fucking refs. 3 on the pitch 1 behind each goal and a lineman on each side. oh and use a fucking clock and replay on goals, it's not 1888 anymore.
"one uefa insider described the willingness to bid £50m for a single player as "a worrying sign"."

they do realise that the transfer record is £80 million, right?!
without the fucking music maybe.
played a good first half using his speed to open up space on the offensive.  after the first half, chelsea was forcing sunderland back and they weren't playing through him because he was staying back to defend.  lots of pace though from what i saw of him.
http://livetv.ru/en/
http://myp2p.eu/
http://veetle.com/index.php/listing
http://atdhe.fm/
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

god i love when fans take off the (insert team color) shaded glasses and see that some of their players are just cunts, respect
fucking warrantless domain seizures. 
you might also want to register to www.fbtz.com. it's basically a messageboard where they put full matches and highlights as well of top league matches.  
[footytorrents](http://www.footytorrents.co.uk) has pretty much everything, but getting an invite is a real bitch. perhaps someone here can help you out.
i'm still fuming over the first loss when lehmann was shown the red card. &gt;:-(
you've only come to see eboue
lol, yeah i see that. guess i should pay more attention to english football.

btw, i honestly don't know who the faces of the child and wife are supposed to be, i'm guessing his new managers though (too lazy to google right now), besides, even if i identified their faces, i'd probably still wouldn't know the reference to the joke.  is the new manager too overberaing?  is it supposed to mean that torres is now married to chelsea?  is torres wife not a football fan?  does this mean that football has now taken priority over his own personal life?

besides, what's to say that those are chelsea's managers?  could they be torre's father and uncle?  maybe his older brother?  what would it mean is they were some sort of family?  maybe it means that he listens to his family's advice more that to his own wife and child, to the point that they matter more than any crazy transfers could possibly matter to him.  maybe it means that, after all, torres is just a regular guy trying to earn his living any possible way that he can.  even if that means listening to his family rather than following his own heart.  hence, his wife and child (representing his heart) are replaced with his father and brother (representing cold-blooded reason)  and the fact that they are walking around in plain view, means that torres no longer cares that everybody knows he is no longer thinking with his heart, rather that he has taken the less-traveled road of following the advice of those around him and that only want the best for him, his family and his fans.


edit*: a quick google search, just told me those are not chelsea's managers.  seriously, who are those guys?
how you ever had a friend whom you always referred to by their nickname, and then there was the one day when you hear their real name and it throws you off guard?
i like how anfield is your basement
you might have seen this before, but this is my all-time favorite eboue moment

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shxyz4rbwcs
i miss crazy lehman.
i was just joking about you supporting all the first place teams :).
agreed. i shudder everytime he comes on the pitch, but after his last couple of games i'm starting to believe again.
the dublin house in red bank, monmouth county.
yeah, not going to lie, it annoys me too at the amount they embellish. seem to do it quite a bit more than other teams. 

oh well, we still play better football.
it still looks blue to me, they just changed the tone of blue.
diaby looked excellent when he came on at the start of the second half. i missed him, definitely a contender for our strongest mid 3.

the question is who do you replace diaby with. wilshere and song are both solid, now that song is injured it won't be a problem for the next couple of games but when he's fit again it'll be interesting. song for more defensive play and diaby for offensive? i don't know, but both players are top notch.
not at all relevant here. 
no prob, i actually started really following man utd while chelsea was topping the table (2008-2010)
as the man says, if any one has a spare invite, i'd be most grateful.

do they also cover la liga and serie a, or are they pretty much exclusive to the english competition?
soccerpulse.com
thanks, but this site alsos eems to be by invitation only.  do you have a spare one lying around by chance :)?
it's also interesting that on the chart of most expensive strikers, the top two were flops for their respective clubs. 
via swissramble

uefa’s financial fair play regulations will be implemented in the 2013/14 season, though the monitoring period will cover the preceding two reporting periods, 2011/12 and 2012/13.

wealthy owners will be allowed to absorb aggregate losses of €45 million over three years for the first two monitoring periods, so long as they are willing to cover the club’s losses by making equity contributions, but the maximum permitted loss then falls to €30 million from 2015/16 and will be further reduced from 2018/19 (to an unspecified amount).  
[rojadirecta](http://forum.rojadirecta.com/showthread.php?101189-todos-los-%cdndices-%28posts-1-y-2%29&amp;s=2555292eea365b5a83d0f2afc1cc5998v)
going through a bad patch and still being tied for 6th in the league isn't bad. 

and he's still got more than 2x as many goals as anyone else in the squad.

you don't think his service has suffered?  the team isn't as good as they were and he can't work miracles.  he used to have gerrard playing behind him every game, supported by 2 of the top cms in the world.  now gerrard is missing half the games, and both cms took off for spanish clubs as the team has gone down hill.  gerrard's production is way down too over the last 2 seasons, but no one is accusing him.

haha i remember this!!! 
yeah! you tell him. the internet is serious business!
no doubt there was that period,and never thought that he would ever be accepted by the crowd.... but he was strong and eventually became the crowds favorite.very few players are capable of that!
lol, no. the fact he scores on average about 1 goal a match against arsenal.

he's got a huge head and legs but his upper body is tiny. just don't let him headbutt you or kick you in a fight and you're good.
fbtz.com has mainly uploads to rapidshare type sites

footytorrents.co.uk has torrents

fbtz.com usually gets things first, both get sd and hd quality, however both are private and registration is closed unless people have footytorrent invites, which very few people bother to get.  check regularly for those sites to open.
oh come on, barca are favorites but you can't dismiss arsenal out of hand.

i have a class i can't miss right when the game is, now thats a reason for :'-(
80's? it was probably in the late 70s
bayern munich, please.
my wife sends me to the basement for big matches because i tend to be loud.  there's beer down there though, so it's a win-win.
wtf, torres looks like he's got cankles.
and then turned around and paid 35m for someone who hasn't even finished a season in the top flight.  where is that part of the cartoon?
fulham please. thanks.
oh, my bad. last time i checked registrations were open if i remember correctly. hopefully they'll open up again. until then, mackercher's advice looks to be your best bet.
then i was like, i'll just go somewhere else.
edit:  this does a good job of catching you up to speed.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_c8dyjvzuzy&amp;feature=related
fair enough, the team definitely isn't as good.  gerrard has also been played out of his favored "hole" position recently, whereas he was playing behind torres for a long time before that

but if you watch the games, especially while hodgson was there, he was just not old torres. same thing in the world cup though... maybe his injuries finally caught up to him.  
as a hebrew speaker, i cringed once i heard the commentators and knew it was going to be about the israeli league. this won't get us into fifa 12 :(
big john henry fan, eh?
if anybody has one to spare, i'd like an invite, too.
well hey, regarding the song - it just fits. not sold completely yet since he didn't buy a winger. pretty much broke even on the first transfer window. 
but you do know that the red sox, his baseball team, play that song at every home game?  it works, it'd like it more if i supported liverpool :)
proper scouse way to do it.
fifa regulations limit the duration of all contracts to five years. no player in 2015 will be on a pre 2010 contract.
the quality likely stems from the fact that it was written by our [friendly neighborhood tactician.](http://www.zonalmarking.net/)
i don't understand why this has two downvotes. there are plenty of usa national football team fans, as well as egyptian football fans.
i don't understand why it's an odd coincidence?  i think there is a clear cause and effect for the cancellation.  i didn't downvote though...
in my experience, the lower you are to the ground, the better visibility, but that's ridiculous.  the game must go on, i guess...

*edit, because the camera shots are high to low...
john terry- captain, leader, legend
and a transvestite prostitute who looks like john terry, now try to guess which is which
the american government has such a fucking hard-on for eagles. every logo they use has one.
i became a man united fan because i trained with tim howard when he played for united. we both live in tennessee. 
great letter, i agree completely!
probably not that much, but on sunday i think they'll boo a lot. 
direct link 

http://88.80.11.29/
right well the events were planned months in advance, i just believe that the recent protests and the friendly scheduled in cairo (where the largest protests today were centered) was a strange coincidence. particularly since the protests are themselves aimed at american imperialist policies. even if the game were scheduled, the chant would still be "usa gtfo."
atdhe.me is fake
i got the joke only at dhe end.
mysoccerplace.net has full games as well as highlights.  the full game dls are usually spread amongst a few filehosting sites.  you have to register to get into the forum to download, but there's no invite required.  link for the download listings is http://www.mysoccerplace.net/forum/  (probably have to register first).  they don't have everything, but if you support a large european team, there's a good chance they'll have the game.  
it's a safety issue.  the us government is trying to pull citizens out of egypt now, let alone having to deal with event there.  it just seems like common sense to me.  

if you mean a strange coincidence that the us were scheduled to play egypt, i've completely misunderstood you, but no one can make sense of the usmnt friendly schedules.
ha! figures lol
yes, it's a strange coincidence that the us were scheduled to play egypt. 
fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu, good thing i just got fsp (ontop of fsc)
hell no
it's funny because that's what liverpool are doing for real andy carroll's actual jerseys since they can't afford the new prints after dropping 35mil on a 15mil player.
beer and no wife?! i'd say so.
people hate him because his first touch is average and misses quite a few easy chances before he thunders an awesome one in. he will get there.
i imagine he will be heavily booed. if he pulls an adebayor, they might have to delay the game.
my guess: _how did mr. magoo become a ref?_
i was annoyed by that. i always liked him, and yeah he frustrated me with his performances during that time, but it was because i wanted him to get better and justify me wanting him to stay at arsenal.
atdhe moved to atdhe.me
and don't forget, more recently: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bybju5je22m
that. is fucking brilliant? does the kop know about that idea?
cheeky fucking russians
oh yeah. you'll hear it when ac plays his first game.
in a vacuum is carroll worth £35m? no.  but the torres deal for £50m made it worth it.  it's like selling a house.  as long as you're buying another one right away, it doesn't matter if the market is overvalued or undervalued.  is torres worth £50m?  no.  and that's coming from a liverpool supporter that loved torres.  carroll isn't worth £35m either, but if you sell high and buy high, who cares?   suarez + carroll &gt; sulking torres.  (once carroll's healthy, that is)
good to know.
are you joking or do you have a source?
so fucken relieved, god bless the swedes
fabregas has always been an annoying little bitch. that is why players like xavi and iniesta will always be above him imo.
i think the most important term is *potential,* he is definitely not worth £35million now but possibly will be in the future (based on what other players have been sold for recently). 
liverpool
all terrorists love soccer in their home countries, therefore all soccer fans are terrorists
she's getting better, she played the game (well), so she understands it.  my obsession with it seems to confuse her, but she listens enough when i talk about the epl to the point that she's more knowledgeable than most of my friends.  i'm very lucky.  

good luck to the 'pool from an avowed hater :) 
most of the blame is being attributed to the ufc, suing over these sites showing pay-per-view
&gt;oh come on, barca are favorites but you can't dismiss arsenal out of hand.

yea you can... have you watched barca play?

(disregard my crest)

babel and n'gog are not even close to good enough to start for liverpool. n'gog might be later on, but babel never really was.

n'gog would do well to go out on loan, and we could use pacheco on the bench.
i feel better today, got some sleep 
ftfy: if he pulls an adebayor on the field, liverpool fans will make sure he would have to pull an adebayor on the bus.
you're now aware that $50m is less than 35m pounds...
it has real bits of [metal](http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d.html/ref=redir_mdp_mobile/280-3779024-8040608?a=b003c070u8) in it, so you know it's good
the purchases are certainly helping me forget about selling torres. the more i think about it, we sold an injury prone striker for double what we paid for him, then we bought 2 of the top young strikers available. i'm excited to see them play together, should be quite the strike pair.
if you ignore the numbers and consider that we swapped torres for two younger world-class strikers then the deal makes a lot of sense - especially considering we have one target man and one box striker now
despite my general ignorance of high-finance, i do have a vague idea of exchange rates, as do most people, i feel. the point that you missed was that overspending on carrol would not hurt us in the long run, as nesv have and aren't afraid to use. 
i just read about his career so far and he seems like a respectable, humble guy and i was like, yeah, i can get behind this.

5 hours later i figure out there is a joke
http://i.imgur.com/fe1g9.jpg
x-post to r/frugal
cameras are usually pretty far away from the actual field. the difference between sitting at the top of a stadium (where many cameras are) and being on the pitch is usually a pretty good distance, which may make the world with fog like that.
ibra and vdv were some of the best pieces of business in recent memory.
liverpool overpaid for suarez and particularly for carroll.  carroll is english and it was january so that inflates prices anyway.  the main problem was that chelsea/torres put liverpool in a position where they really had to move quickly.  fsg/dalglish felt they had to replace torres immediately.  it didn't seem like anyone from la liga would be available no matter the price,  so they hijacked andy carroll from newcastle.  but no matter what liverpool are going to have to overpay for the players they want until they have built a strong enough club to do things the arsen(al) way.  top young european talent have not named liverpool as their dream club in years/if ever really.  but fsg/dalglish/comolli are working hard to change that.  
malaria will do that to you
haha, just looked it up, thats awesome. well done with the tweet at her aj. hopefully it gets picked up. great chant imo.
quick fix
sky sports had a few cameras on the field after the game and it was still pretty thick. but i agree with altitude making it appear that much more extreme.
will it work again when spring rolls around?
love love love sessegnon. shame he ended up at sunderland. 
i blame torres
point taken. but they do have suarez; unlike in torres, where they don't have a backup. 2 good players for a great one is always a good deal.
there is more to a striker than scoring. it's all in what you bring to the team and the tactics. there's a reason rooney was still starting every week when he was going months without scoring.
seized by ice as well. 

edit: now back up at rojadirecta.me
sources are saying it's about two weeks (i hope). he's in the weight rooms already, and is supposed to be running in the next day or two.
my guess is that it will be suarez/carroll/kuyt, with cole filling in whenever he's healthy (i.e. 5 games a season).
the mexican teams are invited as guests(for monetary reasons) and a invitation has been given to mls teams. i don't think mls will accept the invitation with its current season format.
isn't he interested in the mls?
it wasn't a deflection though, he played at the ball by trying to kick it.
it wasn't a rebound though, he deliberately kicked at it. there is a difference.
what's the joke
afaik this is pretty much correct, don't know why people are voting you down :/
i might save this link just to prove a few arguments in the future..
he wasn't interfering with play before it fell to him, and it fell to him after being kicked by a defending player. he was played onside by clichy's kick
it's just the order of the answer choices (alphabetical). espn polls always have the same color order.
whats atdhe? :/
of radioslave or the more often mistaken for audioslave?
yeah, and ibra does it all better than torres and carroll.
+ http://www.oldfootballshirts.com/en/index.php
+ http://www.classicfootballshirts.co.uk/
+ http://www.historicalkits.co.uk/
+ [ebay](http://www.ebay.com)
ah no, i paid 99p for mine 2 months ago. 
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

they literally had ever soccer match i ever wanted to watch.
: [
saha was active when the ball was played in and that is all that matters. the commentators and even the pundits all agreed on that. why did koscielny try to clear it like that? because saha was there interfering with the play. you just don't understand it. 
rojadirecta.me works (credit to [staticmotion](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fdgz1/due_to_time_constraints_i_often_cant_watch_games/c1f5dqu) for originally delivering that info).

people posted some other alternatives back in the [submission](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fdgz1/due_to_time_constraints_i_often_cant_watch_games/) where i found his/her comment so it's worth checking those out too.
better show up vs. chelsea coming up. coyb! 
what the fuck is an english premier league "franchise"?
swansea city? :)
liverpool, and i will be forever in your debt (in an upvoting sense).
if the ball had been cleared properly, would they have called it for offside? no. if the linesman thought he was interfering with play, he would have put his flag up immediately, and i'm inclined to believe that a professional linesman is infinitely more qualified to make a judgement on this.

if the other defender had stayed with saha instead of doing the [bartez](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emxn5djp-ba) he may have been able to stop him from scoring. everyone knows to play the whistle in football.
tell that to barcelona
its basically the champions league of south american football. the tournament dates back to 1960. it takes the better part of the first half of every year, while the relatively new "copa sudamericana" takes up the last half of the year. the conmebol organizes , and since they are all dirty crooked men always looking to get richer they seem it necessary to invite mexican clubs to participate because they bring in more money. which is absolute nonsense because the concacaf already has a "champions league" of its own. the copa libertadores is historically one of the most important tournaments in the world, and is often a showcase of the future stars of european soccer.also, the champion of the libertadores faces off with the winner of the champions league in what was once called the "intercontinental cup" but now they face off in the "fifa club world cup". 

copa libertadores have really produced some of the most exiting moments in football history. a recent example would be the 2008 final in which 10 goals were scored during both legs of the final and then it going to a pks.

as for your question about u.s. teams i don't think any have ever participated in the copa libertadores, however dc united played in the 2007 copa sudamericana. 
i am going to be writing a blog post about it tonight or tomorrow, so i will post it here. the document is pretty long, took me a while to go through it, but my own conclusion is that there is a lot of bark but not much bite. 

it seems that clubs can and probably will find a way around it - and the penalties are not harsh at all (ie. you get a few warnings, and then 5 years to fix your books)
"franchise"... ugh...
even when they recover the sums within a year in shirt sales alone? big spendings today make financial sense, and players like torres or ronaldo are of such quality that they're as good as guaranteed to perform on the pitch.
crap. i'm failing right now to get it. someone explain please lol.
jersey's screwed, and he's hand-less. bummer.
one of the first serie a matches i watched had very dense fog, which only added to the mysticism of footbal which i was quickly becoming familiar with. 
lunar new year.
yes.

the ffpr says that clubs must break even over initially a two year, then eventually a three year mp (monitoring period).  only certain things are counted.  for example, money that nesv pumps into the club will not be counted, it has to be "football related revenue" (i.e. match ticket sales, merchandising, tv revenue, etc).  also, any money that is spent on infrastructure such as youth academies will not be counted in the figures.

uefa are bring this in little by little, which means that they are allowing a £20m overspend in the first mp, then a £17m the year after, eventually dropping to 0 - all clubs must break even or face penalties ranging from fines and warnings, to disqualification from european competition.

there is a large issue called 'player amortisation' which will break lots of teams.  basically, if you buy carroll now at £35m and give him a 5 year contract, he is amortised at £7m a year (35/5 = 7).  this means that whilst he is now a £35m asset, next season he will be a £28m one, the season after, a £22m one, etc.    this puts us in a weird scenario whereby if carroll is sold for £20m on year 3, the books will show it as a £6m profit not a £15m loss

£35m - (£7m * 3) = £14m 

this is a fundamentally idiotic idea for many reasons:

1.  this encourages clubs like us to go out now and spend big now, knowing that we can sell them for profit at a later date.
2.  players having come through the youth system are worth zero on the amortisation.  if gerrard leaves, the books show a full profit what he is worth.  this is their way of dropping transfer fees, but instead it encourages the purchasing of stars from abroad as you have no costs to consider with homegrown players, and you can flog them off for major profit.  this will be the next "doing a leeds"; clubs will sell all of their major youth prospects and bring in overpriced foreigners for the sake of a couple of years of glory, which can be afforded by the amortisation system.
3.  if you spend £100m on darren bent, the first year counts as having a £100m asset on your books (especially if you pay the fees over time, so actually still have the liquid cash on your books).  this will push up transfer fees for poor players, but drop player wages.

other problems with the ffpr:

1.  uefa has decided that a club like man city, whereby its owner funds the entire length of the contract and the entire transfer fee, leaving us in absolutely zero debt, is bad whereas leveraging yourself to the hilt ala hicks/gillet is ok.
2.  tv revenues are so different across the different leagues, that only the top clubs will be able to afford the top players, and the wealth gap will exponentially grow.  this will result in rules about standardised tv deals then eventually a european super league, which most football people believe is the real reason for this whole debacle.  this isn't fostering competitiveness, it is about keeping the elite at the very top.  
3.  villas and evertons will not have the ability to invest heavy for a few years to push themselves into that golden land of cl money, as they will be banned because of their spending.  
4.  every single contract signed before 1st june 2010 will not be considered by uefa.  this means that city only have to produce figures for balotelli, silva, yaya, dzeko, milner, koarov and boateng.  earners such as bellamy, adebayor, bridge, etc who are on £100k a week are not accounted for.  this is also why we are loaning them out until next season instead of selling them straight away.  no wages, but a big profit for year 1 of a 2 year mp, we can't lose.  this is also why tevez is the highest paid player at city, and will never get a new contract until we are at least in the cl, and what that whole request thing was about a few months back.  his wages don't currently count towards our ffp, if he signed a new contract, we'd have to find another £200k a week from somewhere.
5.  the best thing for football, is the trickle down economics which is brought by mansour, abramovich and the other wealthy owners.  this really does work, and spreads the wealth across the leagues.  villa fans can be thanking (or cursing) city for their purchase of ireland, dunne and bent, paid for by mansour.  newcastle fans, when they spend this summer, can thank abramovich for buying torres, which gave nesv the money to buy carroll, which might give newcastle the money to buy carlton cole and n'zogbia, which gives wigan and west ham the money to buy x, y and z.  outside investment from wealthy owners is good for the game.

overall, the ffpr is a bad idea, for the reasons listed above.  the cl money given to teams in the competition makes a very large revenue gap that teams like city and spurs have to spend hundreds of millions of pounds to bridge.  it, in essence, creates a monopoly of teams which is why liverpool will sell their mothers to get back into the top four before the ffpr kicks in.  they won't have finished spending, if they know what is good for them, chelsea and liverpool and spurs will each spend £100m this summer to guarantee that cl place.  once the new regulations come in, it is a closed shop.

you can't push the cl teams, because you can't afford to spend the cash to buy the better players because if you do, uefa ban you.  they are saying that clubs should 'grow organically', but this doesn't work.  how long does it take a club to upgrade their ground and youth development facilities?  then get a team through that is talented enough to make the cl?  how many seasons?  let's say 5.  during that 5 years, the cl clubs would have been attracting more tv revenues allowing a larger spend on better players, and attracting more fans thus more revenues.

5 years worth of work by villa on their youth system can be obliterated by chelsea in one fell swoop in the market under the new regulations.  because it's a three year period, and they have had three years of cl money coming in to boost their coffers, they can buy messi to fire them away from 5th and guarantee the next year of cl money.

this is bad for the game, bad for competition and bad for smaller clubs.  us 'lesser clubs' such as city and spurs have found a loophole in the old system of monopoly that the cl was; we found owners willing to invest a very large amount in the squad to match their cl revenues pound for pound.  these regulations just closed it; locked it off to anybody else.

this is all about monopolising the cl in preparation for a super league and nothing to do with fair play.
http://atdhe.net/
this thread is for keeps!
really?
really?!?!
really?!?!?!?
from 1998 to 2004, mexican teams had to compete with venezuelan teams for 2 spots in the libertadores. that changed when the tournament was expanded to 36 teams in 2004, giving mexico 2 direct berths (3 in this year's edition) and venezuela getting 3.
i'd love to see mls teams play in the libertadores but i highly doubt it would happen anytime soon.
 
wikipedia has a very thorough entry on the [copa libertadores](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copa_libertadores) if you want to know more about its history and format. 

they're not taking shirts anymore (haven't been for a couple of years) - send them to http://www.afrikit.co.uk/ instead.
rooney finally gets some of the service he dishes out to everyone else (nice work nani).
arsene seems like he has a stockpile of young talent that are going to need to find a new place to become players if hazard winds up at arsenal.  but i would imagine that real madrid would outbid anyone anyway and this kid seems the type that wouldn't turn them down
when schmeichel what?
that's the logic behind it--that kos played the ball (allbeit poorly) and nullified saha's offside position. the same as if he had intercepted the ball, then accidentally given it to saha, who was behind the last defender the whole time. dunno if i agree or not...tough call but whats important is the spirit and the victory.
being a ldu quito fan, the 2008 final was the best final i have ever seen. the 2005 champions league final between ac milan and liverpool is a close second. 
haha reminds of the kaka transfer to madrid.
ha reminds me of the kaka transfer to madrid
slow clap for you sire.
did homeland get him yet?
&gt; what do you reckon he said?

nothing.
loving this.  like a boss.
yeah after that €66 quid they spent to get him from inter..
adebayor was a one off, dont see anyother sane players doing it..
columbus crew if there's still space left.  thanks.  
looks like an old shirt. did the writing under the tape originally say 'rush'?
what is the point of gibbs at all? he is awful, cost us the champions league in 09 and almost cost us against huddersfield. what's the point of defending him, when he just isn't a skilled player?

kos might have scored the winner yesterday. he didnt have a good game, besides, the strikers should be scoring, call me old fashioned but that's how it worked when ade and henry were up front.

if we did have mexes, affelay and emanuelson, we would at  least have some players to fill the gaps until the end of the season, whether or not they end up as the aforementioned 3.
sadly there is no invite system for tbtz.com.

keep checking the site, they regularly clean the database and open the site for new registration.
champion's league final 2005?  that should be debated
fun fact: qatar doesn't like indians, jews, christians and chinese people. they consider them slave labor and even have locations where they kick you out for being yourself. it's gonna roll smoothly once you throw all of them together. you can't change a nation just for one event. nazi germany didn't become all sensible just because the olympics were held there.
i used to love him. i thought he could have been a similar player as essien, but now i know that he doesn't have the right attitude to become that kind of player. i still wish him the best since he always said playing in england was his goal.
also, he was never more than a player who reliably scored his 7-10 goals per season if he was a regular starter, that's what liverpool paid for and that's exactly what they got - 19 games, 6 of those as a substitute, 5 goals, 2 assists. if people were disappointed it must have been because they didn't know him before.
c'mon lvg. we want sanchez or this guy. (and a centerback)
http://www.toffs.com/

sells replica shirts
torres is genuinely amongst the top 5 or so strikers in the world. 2 of which are now at chelsea. the other two aren't and never will be.
vdv hasn't looked so sharp of late.  he can be difficult when things aren't going his way.  and he's not as young as suarez or carroll.
chelsea can afford to rest him, he wont be getting injured playing against lower division sides in a cup competition any time soon.
all of this is great, but ask yourself this question; where is the service to his head coming from at liverpool?
...i don't think it's possible to have a team with a negative stars rating.
stunning first touch by rooney, and quick thinking by vds.
i agree with your initial assessment; whilst torres was seen as someone who would be world class in the future before liverpool, he wasn't at that top level yet.  potntial and realising it are different things; if torres was world class at athletico, then lukaku is world class at anderlecht.
i could spend my entire life tapping my feet and dancing to [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwdk4-574ty).

radioslave, sir.
even barcelona occasionally hoofs the ball up the field, it's just not their primary strategy. nothing wrong with a good long ball, especially if it's an assist like this. if fabregas made a pass like this people would be calling it the assist of the season.

it was also great to see vds's teammates celebrating with him:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf6mcutksb8
what's your blog address btw?
teams with a reputation for playing long balls, got that reputation because that's what they do, frequently during games. it's only natural that if say barca(who dont employ long ball tactics) pulled it off, it'd be called an amazing assist.

if blackburn, or other teams, aren't happy, they should alter their style a little.
except i was referring to matsuzaka and not carroll, my bad.
&gt;4. where does edin dzeko fit in at manchester city?

&gt;it's almost a month since he signed, but this question has not yet been answered

he's played two games.  two assists and one goal.

fine, seems to be the answer.

i like michael cox but i'm starting to wonder how often he has watched city this season.  we had a debate a few days ago about the effectiveness of tevez now that dzeko is here, and he didn't seem to realise how badly tevez has actually played in many games and how often his weaknesses have cost us.  (scoring goals doesn't mean you played well).
according to youtube this is 'terrible computer work' or alternatively 'great photoshop work'.
if heroic goalkeepers are your thing, you should have a read about [bert trautmann](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bert_trautmann)
great find. commenting so i can find this again. :)
http://nikcub.appspot.com
i have received information that it is also "fake and gay".
the bums will always lose! do you hear me lebowski? the bums will always lose.
sometimes i wonder why i even bother with reddit. i should just create a youtube account and discuss football there.
do you even watch barca? xavi complains and pretty much throws a fuss at every decision against them. 
not having a real fabregas/gerrard/özil style midfielder is really going to hamper anything they try outside of a 4-3-3. if i were carlo, i'd probably give an inter style 4-3-1-2 a shot, assuming they can rely on bosingwa being fit.

-----------------cech-------------

--bosingwa--luiz--terry--cole--

-------essien--mikel--lampard--

--------------malouda------------

----------drogba--torres--------


this absolutely requires very attacking fullbacks, and it would need essien to move right and malouda to move left when out of possession, but this would provide defensive stability, excellent counter-attacking threat, and would leave plenty of room for the late runs that lampard and essien make when in possession.

fourfourtwo release a story on luka modric's injury and eight hours later goal release their version. spot the difference.
wenger obviously doesn't understand ffpr, or how the totals are calculated.
united are in massive amounts of debt and are far more likely to be hit by the uefa fair play regulations than chelsea or man city who are spending their owners money rather than money loaned to them...

arsenal maybe a model for other clubs to follow, but some on wegner has plenty of money why hasn't he strengthened his defense?

spurs are spending owners money like chelsea and man city
some sense at last
franchise? fuck off
the last minute charlie adam bid seemed like a panic buy because they couldn't land anybody else. they need a striker(s), and it was shown against fulham both how fragile the defense is, and how they lack squad depth at the back.

to land a striker, they really needed to do what liverpool did - just throw in the extra 6-8m to match the asking price and be done with it.
well i for one hope his continuing policy of not buying anyone and not winning anything continues this season
and is why we should never reference or quote goal.com.
see, now you're just being negative.  sure, you could say that this is the worst piece of journalism from goal.com, or you could say it's the best piece of plagiarism from goal.com.
left :)
i'm still sick over it.  we have a very promising side despite some profound structural weaknesses, and we needed to show we were serious by doing something about them.

spurs just don't look like a top four side right now.  i'm hoping to eat these words in a few months, but i was *hanging* on that transfer window.  something needed to be done, and nothing was, and i just hope it hasn't fucked us completely.
goal.com: 500 monkeys on 500 typewriters
another link http://www.rsssf.com/tablese/engprof-alltime.html
;)
that's the plural.
http://www.vintagefootballshirts.com
he's right for the most part.  but you can argue that he is guilty of not spending recently while arsenal are pretty clearly in need of a top class central defender and keeper
redditch please, thankyou.
not to try to pile on but as well chelsea are looking like they are going to keep moving up the table.  i'm a liverpool fan and i thought when i heard harry offered money plus pavlyuchenko for carroll that tottenham had really pulled off something but nothing came of it.  i really like pavlyuchenko but he seems to be on the wane this season.  but as long as you have bale, lennon and modric you are a great team to watch.  bale is the most exciting player to watch in the premier league
edit: even though i agree i feel strange upvoting this topic
yes at fulham on the trophy holders list for one (1) uefa intertoto cup win. 
well, its covering the same event - why would there be a difference? 

i mean obviously, they've relied heavily on the 442 story, but what should goal.com have done? not covered the story at all? 
i don't think they'll be able to recoup 50m pounds in a year through shirt sales alone.  mind you, torres adds more pressure to an ever expanding wage burden for chelsea.  there is no way these types of transactions make sense.  i think the new uefa financial rules are a good start in trying to get a hold of this problem.   
it all went wrong for *spurs* in the transfer window did it?
&gt;longest range volley:
&gt;
&gt;   * matthew taylor – **420 metres (460 yd)**, portsmouth v everton (9 december 2006)

wat

sheesh. it was meant as a playful jab. i have no beef with holland.
not from liverpool, just support the team. but point taken nonetheless.
jeezuz how long till atdhe.me gets seized as well??

this may sound stupid, but is this not partly because football journalism is so formulaic?  the common format of breaking news on an injury: whats wrong, who said it, how long's he out for, what games will he miss?
obviously journalists write articles based on other stories that have already been published all the time, but you would expect them to put it in their own words and add their own spin on things.

this guy has just changed the odd word or phrasing. the entire structure of the article is exactly the same.
you've forgotten probably the most popular non-big 4 team in america: newcastle.
at the moment i think we're actually fine at those positions: djourou/koscielny/woijech have four straight league clean sheets, minus the saha fiasco and vermaelen can't be injured forever.

i'd really like a backup for alex song though.  i also think wenger could have won the league twice if he'd bought someone like david villa.  arsenal are so good they can make a pretty ordinary top-level striker like chamakh or bendtner a great goal scorer.

so i agree with wenger, and also wish he would spend a bit more.  arsenal cleared 56m in profits this year.
500 monkeys plagiarising the work of charles dickens.
arsenal here, thanks
kos had a great game yesterday, especially the second half where saha couldn't even get a sniff of the ball.  he's had a so-so start, but remember he's at a new league and that usually takes a six month adjustment period.  if he's our 3rd choice when vermaalen is fit, then he is an excellent 3rd choice.  

also, we have quite a fairly deep squad except at defensive mid where there's no proper back-up for song (and by lack of proper back up i mean denilson.)

back-ups:  arshavin, bentdner, chamakh, rosicky, diaby, denilson, gibbs, squilaci, djourou, eboue, fabianski

aside from denilson, that's a fairly strong second string.
as another arsenal fan in the stadium that night. i can say thats a little misleading. it was about 5 mins the first time but probably 4 times of varying length through the rest of the match!
this is freestyle copy &amp; paste... 
no, not down to the exact wording.
i think it's this one  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjfgdrrlt90   
i guess someone added an extra zero in wikipedia...

edit: several edits from yesterday from this ip 92.15.25.60, all bullshit.
yeah but not of hypocrisy though. (he never said "yes i'll splash out" and later ended up not buying anyone)

and secondly, not buying anyone is his own business. whereas blowing hundreds of millions of sugar-daddy money can be argued to be harmful to other clubs and the league.

if you look at the stats pavlyuchenko is ahead of defoe and crouch on goals, despite having played fewer games than crouch.  for some reason harry just doesn't like pav.  he seems to really value crouch's assists, which is fair enough i suppose, although i don't think it compensates for his unreliability in the box.
haha i know exactly what you mean. i feel bad for phil sometimes because ray just completely owns him sometimes.
now there's a match i can't miss.  superbowl who?
very good instance of plagiarism, though!
nice :d
goal release a story on luka modric's injury eight hours after fourfourtwo release their version. spot the difference.
regards,
aspiring goal.com journalist
it is now actually looking like the last minute adam bid was due to modric being hospitalized.

and you didn't overpay by 6-8m for carroll.  you overpaid by 15-20 mil.
...
st pauli crest plz
i think the video you posted relates more to juggling than football.
i was a bit drunk when i responded to you. 
well they can put him on the treatment table in cobham, or they can use the one in stamford bridge itself. also, there's plenty of hospitals in london they could make use of.
wait... what ? talking to who ? 
i wonder how many of the people here have seen the actual interview. i did.he seemed quite perplexed as to how chelsea were going to manage not to break the rules. 
he probably understands that better than most people in football.
you just don't change the tone in a national kit. you see that kind of blue in brazil's flag?
if you defended like crazy perhaps, but in no way do you have the quality on field to match up with the football greats. 
bendtner and denilson are the weakest links in arsenal right now. things will be better when vermaelen is back, but when denilson is the holding midfielder is when the defense looks weak.
you're right, what a [douchebag](http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=football_records_in_england&amp;diff=411571983&amp;oldid=411452490) mr. 92 is. 
he's saying that from their original offer of £30m, they just threw in an extra couple to make sure it went through. spurs should have done the same to land forlán. (although in aguero's case, if £38.5m wasn't going to get him here, nothing would.) it was partially bad luck that spurs didn't get any of their 5 or 6 targets, and part sheer stubbornness. no one needs an article to tell us that spurs didn't get what they needed to this window.
i hope he does play against us ;)
forza st. pauli
rojadirecta.es works.
did you contact goal.com? i can find the link to their article but it isn't coming up when i click it. did they take it down?
will they be able to play together though?  there is a possibility that this could be the biggest flop signing ever.
[you sure about that?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_manchester_united_f.c._records_and_statistics#transfers)
well, they had to have copied from somewhere, so it's still a good source.
i'd like a us kit from prior to this world cup (08-09 away). the new ones are horrendous. 

anyone got any ideas?

this reminds me of a b-movie i watched. it was about some girls getting kidnapped in the jungle. the guy was alone with the girl and started watching football intensely and i was thinking 'hey maybe he isn't a baddy after all and he will help the girl'. then i realized it was meant to alienate the american audience, to make him a scary foreigner, and i laughed. 
i believe you say "at" then gargle for a bit, then end with an "eh" sound. or it might end in an "eee" sound. can't be sure.
allegedly
from my understanding, uefa fair play rules go off of your revenue to debt. for chelsea if we miss out on champions league football we stand to lose £45 mil. that would make it harder to keep spending money on our academy. so for us spending the money was a good investment. until we sort out our stadium situation, luckily stadium debt does not count in the debt from my understanding, we will not have a chance to keep up with the clubs with higher revenue streams because sadly if we stop winning it will be a much harder to pull are selves back up.   
people mistakenly think that it was transfer fees that were spurs issue this window.  that is not the case.  our wage structure is what keeps us from landing top players.  i read that our bid for forlan was actually accepted, however he wanted 140k a week.  modric (i believe our highest paid player) makes half that.
link: http://soccernet.espn.go.com/news/story/_/id/874813/tottenham-dealt-luka-modric-appendix-blow?cc=5901
&gt; without robben, bayern have struggled this season, but his recent return has coincided with an upturn in form for the club and they are up to third place in the bundesliga, with a rematch with inter awaiting **guus hiddink's** charges in the champions league last 16 in two weeks.

[here's a screenshot as well](http://i.imgur.com/lxvww.png). sorry for the part being highlighted, but i'm too lazy to take another screenshot. so there.
damn, i was a goalkeeper in school and never knew this guy existed. 
this is the reason that i don't buy kits with players names on it.

i support the club.
cesc really needs to work on his spanish :d
xavi used to rarely talk on the pitch, but i have noticed him being more vocal in the past couple of seasons. maybe he thinks he's earned the "right" to talk (and complain) now that he's put in many years of great football and has won basically everything. but it is a recent change in demeanor. when he was cesc's age he was very discreet on the pitch. of course cesc has the captain's armband so he should be able to talk to the ref. iniesta on the other hand is *un trozo de pan* (it means he's very nice). 
&gt;most consecutive league games without a win: 37, derby county (premier league/championship, 22 september 2007 to 13 september 2008)

oh derby county... :( 
i don't think historicalkits is a good site. just checked it for old chelsea shirts, and it just links to kitbag, which redirects to the official chelsea store, which only have the most current jerseys.

edit: checked out classicfootballshirts. would not buy from there, with some patience you should be able to find old kits on ebay for a fraction of the price. 100 pounds? insane.

second edit: oldfootballshirts is a good site for reference, but from what i can see, now a place to buy.

would recommend ebay, with a careful eye and lots of patience, at the place to buy old jerseys.
i have a demonoid invite if someone wants to trade for footytorrents or fbtz. 
this article seems backwards. i don't believe ancelotti was brushed aside at all, instead it could be a case of the manager imposing his own transfer targets on roman.

&gt; carlo ancelotti's desire for strengthening in the midfield area has been brushed aside

uh, what? roman bid for pienaar, who could play left, right and central midfield. carlo didn't want him. that would have been the midfield reinforcements, but carlo insisted, to the press no less, that he wasn't needed at chelsea. pienaar interest dropped. we needed a centre back and who comes in? david luiz. wish granted. we have plenty of quality midfielders now, with lampard, essien, ramires who is finally gelling with the squad, mikel, zhirkov who returns soon and mceachran is looking better and better. in the summer i think a creative midfielder *may* be on the transfer wishlist, but that depends on how much faith we want to put in mceachran at this point. if we switch to 4-4-2, a legitimate right winger may also be a priority, but carlo did not want a midfielder coming in during the january window.

torres? maybe this is roman's insistence, but based on the performance of chelsea last night, looks like he's already had a positive impact on the squad without even suiting up. i don't think it's a secret that ancelotti is an admirer of torres but he [carlo] has always kept faith in our strikers. i think this buy might turn out to be very smart, with an overworked drogba, torres will help to reinvent the offense, add flair and a new dimension, and spark the old guard.

though i do agree, schweinsteiger would be a great addition to chelsea (german here so duh), but i doubt ancelotti wanted a midfielder right now.
yeh lol , you still could but it would have to be in that horrible red colour !
hazard himself has said he'd like to play at arsenal so i think we could get him if wenger wants him and lille doesn't sell him off to a club like city or madrid while his price is relatively high.
what are you talking about mate, it's the 2010/11 shirt.
what player are you referring to here?  i'm calling b.s. on this
&gt; if we stop winning it will be a much harder to pull are selves back up

you won the double last year and still posted a £70m loss.  winning isn't doing shit for your revenue.

chelsea are simply going to bypass ffp with some [creative accounting](http://www.sportingintelligence.com/2011/02/01/revealed-why-chelsea-dont-fear-uefas-ffp-rules-wages-dont-count-for-first-two-years-010205/) - which uefa are conveniently allowing.

i don't know what you're worried about.  money talks, and you've got plenty of it.
you are right about the wage structure. a club with top 4 ambitions (well, they are there) that doesn't pay top 4 wages.

i totally missed the modric news. 

and yes, i was referring to liverpool not hesitating and paying the extra 5m to land carroll. a lot more tv money around now, so deals in that range can be justified financially (10.5m a year for a goal scorer who will be 27 when his contract is up)
this is all too common in any form of online news, not just football. the ethical twist in this thing is that you yourself have found the news on another site. the only difference here is that you have written in your own words, as the goal.com "journo" have chosen your words instead. although i completely understand your frustration at seeing somebody copy and paste your article, he couldn't have given credit to your journalistic work. what he should have done was go to the original source and disregard your article in the working process, even though he obviously got the news through you. see it this way, you still have journalistic integrity, as the goal.com "journo" has lost his. at least redditors will know you're the one who was first and best on the case, and frankly - i'm afraid few readers really care. 
i don't think you understand what i'm saying. 
it seems as though when he does get to play, he gets a lot of opportunities and will put one or two away, but miss 10 in the process. love him, but wouldn't mind to see him go.
ye i should have added that i have only ever bought from ebay. it might take patience though
wtf were they really doing in that last picture?
is it just me or is this discussion completely missing the point of the article? doesn't anyone feel the same way as wenger with chelsea and man city's insane spending sprees? they are turning football into a corporate market where footballers are pawns in the game. smaller clubs risk being completely pushed out of the game with big financial consentration in a few super clubs, and players salaries are becoming more astronomical and rediculous every season. there is a reason uefas financial fair play has been ratified.  
pretty much every pub and corner shop in my area does what this lady did.  i hope she wins.
this isn't journalism. this is downright plagiarism. 

i'd probably get sent to the deans office if i did this. the worst part is, goal doesn't even include a link or credit.

screw goal.com. if you really have to post something from there, post it as an image and don't give those schmucks more pageviews.
soccernet are also starting to get bad. they were very slow on deadline day and just seemed to be regurgitating news from other sites.

and that is without even mentioning harry harris, who obviously makes stories up
i honestly think it would be better for the game and for the fans if there wasn't such a monopoly. i love football, but there's too much money in the game, and it's the fans that are getting fleeced. because here in england, we've supposedly got the best league in the world^tm it creates a spiralling effect that ultimately the fan pays for, be it through increased ticket prices or tv subscriptions. it cost me £20 to go to watch my team play at cheltenham, in league two, last week. when i lived in lyon, it cost about 15€. the expense of the premiership filters down and it's not good for the game.

edit: should say, it cost me 15€ to watch lyon play. not lincoln. lincoln are some way off champions league football, as it stands...
the wage issue is directly related to our 36,000 seat stadium.  levy seems to be building his strategy around the new stadium, not around top four this year.

like i said before, i'm sure it's smart and is probably going to be the best plan in the long run.  it just makes it very depressing for a fan to see opportunity slipping away like that.
i think harry may have exaggerated the adam bid and the reason for it failing

they did make a lot of bids on deadline day - llorente, forlan, gomez, carroll and ... neville
&gt; i'd really like a backup for alex song though.

but that would *kill* frimpong/ramsey/lansbury.
barça, si us plau :)
*there is not another level after chelsea.*
yes there is, come to manchester united :trollface:
logic man wins
but the thing is that he creates the chances.  he might miss them, but how many times have you seen crouch play 90 minutes this season without creating a single real scoring chance?

my only thing with pav is he needs to stop taking so many damn long shots.  other than that i rate him better than crouch and defoe in the 4-5-1.  crouch and defoe are known quantities at this point.  pav is the only one who i think we could see real improvement from.
r/juggle, broski
i'm okay with this as resolution to the robben situation. pissed that it happened, but whatever. it's under the bridge now.

the article and photo... i don't know what to say.
yes, they took it did amid a twitter row between the offended fourfourtwo journo and some guy from goal (not the writer of the article). 
yes now we are reporting a loss, but in the beginning of the season we got rid of a lot of players to try to cut our wage bill, did not spend much, and tried to use our young players, it was not working as well as we had hoped due to a number of reasons so we pulled a last ditch "save our season" spending spree. also going back to my point about our stadium, while it won't turn around our situation totally it will help when we can gain more revenue from ticket sales. the only reason that some clubs do not come out with such a high loss is because they simply pull in more revenue. i don't dispute that we splash the cash still and use some creative accounting, we are not the only ones that do. football finance, as is any high money business, is murky. i guess i just feel that it is unfair to think that we are the only ones that do these things. 
whenever i'm feeling down, i watch this and it brings me back.

i seriously feel like shit right now, but this makes me a bit happier. 
wasn't me who wrote the original article, but i've been through the same thing with my own work and it annoys me. everyone copies from everyone in terms of the content of stories, but it is disrespectful to a contemporary to simply copy and paste, before changing a few words.
when did i ask people for money?
i never seen that pic of kuyt before.
/spit
so how soon can ye repost in the same subreddit.? i thought you couldn't for a year, guess i was wrong.. i ask because i submitted this 8 months ago.. 
do you have a history of fights in nightclubs, or beating up your girlfriend?  have you had repeated fights with teammates in training?

did you deliberately use your hands to stop a goal in the final minutes of a world cup game, allowing your team to advance to the next round?  are you currently serving a suspension for biting someone?

if not, then we don't want you.  apparently.  *cry*
maybe he meant outside of london?  because certainly there is another level after chelsea in spain right now...
who do you blame, the person buying at 50m, or the person selling at 50m after rejecting lower previous offers?
too little, too late, i think.  and i mean too little in every possible sense - harry's bid for neville was simply ludicrous, and i think his bid for forlan was likely too low.  perhaps his bid for carroll was eminently sensible, but given the price he eventually fetched, simply not realistic.  harry and spurs ownership seem to have been caught in a market where everyone really looking to change their circumstances was willing to splash around enormous money to do it, and they weren't willing.  harry's previously remarked that he doesn't want spurs management paying *any* player what stars make at major clubs.  can i blame him necessarily?  no.  am i happy to think that spurs are going to risk being out of the champion's league race because they're unwilling to throw money at silver?  also no.

edit: "harry's bids" is, of course, shorthand for spurs' bids.  "daniel levy's bids" would be a more accurate description.
yeah, this or the 5-0 over manchester united.. :)
this season is done. forget it. it was over after the early losses to wigan and west ham. fifth ain't bad.

chelsea have recovered from their "bad moment", and man city are finally looking something like the sum of their parts. i kinda doubt splurging during the january transfer window would've changed it. there's much better business to be done in the summer.
the amount of times this has been said over the last 18 years is beginning to get on my tits.

football has *always* been a corporate market, and anyone who thinks it is only becoming one now are fucking idiots.
yeah this is a great point. a bunch of attention is going to how the torres signing will affect anelka, but think about sturridge and any other young striker at chelsea. they are now stuck in a peripheral role unless they get loaned out.
we've all seen how unimaginative chelsea's midfield can be especially without lampard.  i think you guys needed more spark in the middle of the park than up front. 
&gt; this season is done. forget it. it was over after the early losses to wigan and west ham.

whether you're wrong or not, i think that's kind of a ridiculous statement.  i mean, seriously?  a game in august and a game in september are what counted us out?  how come chelsea get to have a "bad moment" but spurs, all evidence to the contrary notwithstanding, have been doomed practically since the season began?

edit: typo.
from tie i'm guessing you're american? give me a shout if you ever want to go to a game :)
you should check out r/conspiracy, you'll love it.
ok
what is the soccer site of choice for redditors?  i usually go to espn soccernet or goal.com, but if there is something out there that people think is better, i would like to know.
he's only got himself to blame - he never spends any money!!!
in fairness michael ricketts did actually punch and headbutt his ex girlfriend soo... the deals on?
http://www.subsidesports.com
arsenal have only let one more goal in than manchester united and chelsea this season, and they've got a lot of their harder games out of the way already.



with a goal difference of 27 currently, they're fine. though in the summer i could see arsenal replacing squillaci with sakho or cissokho.

the position which arsenal are struggling in is a dm, there is no one to suitably cover for song.
also, the ultras have played very significant role in revolution in serbia in 2000. today they are public enemy number 1, because of the violence etc... in ten years same thing will happen' in egypt.
he's mocking their other new signing...i approve...
manchester united please! thank you :)
they should do what the nfl does all the way through the leagues if they truly want "fair play". arsenal is no better than the rest, they just have different financial constraints. maybe wenger should look down the table instead of up for a change (here's hoping for some fucking silver).
ramires has settled now, which he wasn't when lampard went down. it looks like josh mceachran is also getting more comfortable and he's very good in his passing and vision. like a lampard without the shooting ability (yet).
66 quid? that's cheap, that is.
sure, ricketts is in.  i think i'm out, though.
both, actually.  liverpool appears to have signed two villains.
sure, but buying for 70 mill on one single day doesn't really help the situation then, does it?
no, the barfights and domestic violence are carroll issues.

suarez is the same kind of crazy that tom cruise is, i think, whereas carroll is more of a charlie sheen crazy. the main difference being that cruise held a respectable career with good performances for years before letting everyone know he had completely lost it on oprah, whereas sheen has just been kinda stewing in mediocrity and tabloid trouble for most of his life.
taken from this morning's [f365 mailbox](http://football365.com/mailbox/story/0,17033,8744_6718070,00.html). please give credit where it's due, hi7en.

**edit**: guys, hi7en has explained, i don't know why i'm still getting upvotes.
do you have a wage table for the current squad? i remember that the new modric deal was largest ever, but how much was it? also, what is vdv on?
that away kit is pretty nice.  never liked the home one with the hoops.  i also didn't like the new 2010 ones until i got my away one and i've gotten used to it.  i call it the beauty pageant shirt with that damn stripe.

i didn't find anything just searching around, so you'll probably just have to keep an eye on ebay.
big name referee too.  man i miss that guy.  
&gt;schweinsteiger would be a great addition to chelsea 

snowballs chance in hell
in my experience in sales, it is the buyers fault.  if you refuse to raise your price, then a team is stuck paying the salary of an under-performing, unhappy torres.  i love the guy, but based on the past few years performance, buying him was a much a gamble as buying carroll.
skysports + bbc sport are all i use.

but there isn't much between them, skysports tend to report some of the less important stories, and both have different interviews up. 
yeah, i'd throw in diaby as well.  those three just make me sad.  well actually almunia makes me sad as well, but he doesn't start now a-days
anyone ever peeled the name off of a shirt?  would rather peel off torres and buy a carroll transfer than not wear the shirt at all.
and chelsea is better for it.
they also make things up completely, so not that reliable even as a plagiarist.
everyone should cheer for chievo. please ;)
football365.com is often entertaining, and they tend to hate all clubs in equal measure :)
we also traded a world class player with some class for a guy who hits his girlfriend and another guy who bites opponents and is primarily known for deliberately using his hands to stop a goal in the wc.

speaking as a liverpool fan from asia, with no geographical connection to the club at all... i have to say i'm pretty close to switching my crest.
you can repost all you want. just add ?&lt;something-unique&gt; to your link and it is a new link. just follow common sense in reposting. i think 20 or so upvotes 8 months ago was a low enough upvote number and long enough time for people to see it again.
haha i know, just saying though. 

also, snowballs?
wow, that was an excellent read. a well-thought-out, reasoned approach to the whole transfer 'saga'.

level-headed-and-refuse-to-be-sucked-into-media-frenzy analysis ftw.

thanks.
just another reason to support the blue side of merseyside. and to be content with a boring name lol
i searched ricketts on reddit's search bar and nothing came up for the last 2 days... this was emailed to me at work so couldn't really trawl the internet finding the source... i'll delete it if you want me to. ps...this is [everywhere](http://www.google.co.uk/search?sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;q=am+i+a+%c2%a335m+striker%3f+i+scored+24+goals+helping+my+side+win+promotion+back+to+the+premier+league+aged+just+22.)
asprilla looks amazing, had never heard of him before.
bbc sport and guardian football.

the guardian tends to have longer, fuller stories that makes for better reading on the parts of my subway commute that is without decent reception for my phone.
i didn't say anything about wages. but chelsea **will** recover the transfer fee in shirt sales very soon, maybe not in a year but not much longer than that either. 
napoli this season is the first time i've ever been excited to watch serie a. don't kill it for me.
goal.com ran over a dog in my neighbourhood once.  
and then backed up over it one more time, in order to make sure the job was done. 

fact.
he also has one england cap...
ein ball von schnee?

or snowball's

?
first post... any chance of qpr?

many thanks if possible.
fair enough, that's just the only place i've seen it. that's the problem with things like this, once it gets around it's hard to name a single source. 
don't get me wrong, i'm not complaining or anything... more newcastle videos the better.. :)

ah i see, never thought of doing that before.. .
gross
i don't understand these stats:

longest range free kick: paul robinson – 188 metres

longest range volley: matthew taylor – 420 metres 

from the epl-only section at the bottom. can anybody explain these?
you shouldn't get a draw. 
i always find it very difficult to tell tone over text
but its in words. where are the funny pictures that explain things for us simpletons!
brazil's blue shirt has more history than people think. the blue was picked because it is the color of the patron saint's robe, nossa senhora de aparecida. the most important saint in brazil. it's a specific blue. in 1958, when they played sweden and did't have a second uniform, the players ran around switzerland trying to find a blue shirt to sow their crests on. ever since the blue shirt has been seen as "blessed" and the lucky shirt. it's not just a second kit, it's has a religious history.

that's how much nike is willing to fuck up.
wat
just noticed that liverpool and manu are not only equal in domestic titles, but also on total silverware with 58 each (domestic, europe, etc.)
depends what teams the guy was following
my first chance to see dzeko play, how fun.
i know how this works, they cancel each other out.
he was great for all of 2 years. after that he started free falling like tom petty.
&gt;also, snowballs?

huh
from your first reply:

&gt; snowballs chance in hell

what the fuck are you doing to my head charles?
yeah, goal.com's stories are really short, usually, which i don't like.
i don't have one, no.  i seem to recall hearing that modric was making the side's highest wage at 70,000 a week.  again, i can definitely see the logic behind such an idea, but the only way it's going to get you stars is if you keep waiting for bizarrely underrated fellows like van der vaart.  such a strategy will only take you so far.
is someone going to let hi7en know he can edit self posts? it's not hard to throw in "*taken from elsewhere*" across the bottom. 5 minutes ago i was thinking he was some genius soccer guru with rain man like knowledge of stats... luckily i clicked on the comments.
he was part of the colombian team that beat argentina 5-0 in argentina in a world cup 1994 [qualifying match](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jlxq75sary). he scored two goals in that match. 
carroll had all charges dismissed. 

if you want to switch, then switch - most supporters go through thick and thin. i trust kenny and the team.
clubs that are a level above chelsea right now (in no particular order):

*dortmund, barcelona, real madrid, man united, ac milan.*

clubs that are traditionally a level above chelsea historically (and i won't even think back more than the last ten years or so):

*liverpool (ha!), man united, arsenal, barcelona, real madrid, both milans, bayern munich.*

they may not be in another class of play, but the clubs listed certainly tend to outperform what can, i suppose, most definitely be referred to as the highest level club in fulham.
ah. alright, you did. difference of opinion
bitch, i'm a bus.
balls of steel
crouch will end up being the spurs undoing.  guy has the mobility of jabba the hutt. it's great that he brings in assists, but why would any defense come out to guard him outside the box? only time to guard that tall lanky twig is on corners really.  i must wonder why harry doesn't play with pav, modric and lennon up front.  the obvious answer must be the size disadvantage, but then again arsenal and barca do fine. 
the photo is just to funny not to use whenever the injury is mentioned.
we shall see.
fabianski hasn't played for a long time, and almunia is healthy to cover for him. diaby is healthy now to cover for song, hopefully walcott isn't too badly hurt, and the one we are really going to miss is nasri, but hopefully arshavin keeps showing this improved form, and it shouldn't be a "major crisis". at this point the last couple of years we had much more injuries.
wut
i'm not so sure about ramires.
touche.
yeah. my girl listens when i shout about the epl and then surprises me by saying things like "woah! when did torres get transferred to chelsea!? i thought he was a huge liverpool fan!"
economics isn't accounting.  if he did know how the totals were calculated, he would understand that this current spend has litle to no bearing on ffpr.
fun fact: [miguel ángel nadal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miguel_ángel_nadal), uncle of tennis world no. 1 rafael nadal played in this game. you can see him at around the 6:13 mark in the video.
two negatives equals a positive right? 
bayer leverkusen please, thank you!
oh snap.
not all that long ago, putting a £50m pricetag on a player meant he wasn't for sale. 

it's only recently that clubs could actually afford to call that buff
diaby is class man.
england, however, is not.
my favourite little club in the world.
this was resolved like two months ago ...
what makes me sad is that there isn't a danger of pulling a leeds united any more.

top tier clubs can jizz money up the wall, fail to win any games and will still get bailed out by their billionaire owners. there's no reason not to spend £50 on a player who sees, on average, less than 90 mins of football a week.
... still, arsene's taking his no spending ideals overboard. 
&gt; entirely unexpected news

ftfy
there is absolutely no recent information or quotes from him. this is just an old article re-appropriated with a misleading headline to make it seem new.
i want a san jose clash home kit from '96. apparently they're hard to come by.
you don't deserve downvotes for speaking your mind. doesn't anyone on this subreddit understand the point of downvotes? it's not for disagreeing...
is he? other than a goalie and maybe a central defender where should he be spending?
chelsea are better in the short term, but this will force chelsea to continue to spend money for veteran strikers and push away any young talent. i just don't think up and coming players will look at chelsea and say "i want to play there, i'll get my chances soon."  because, outside of the odd league cup appearance, they probably won't get a chance for five years.
are you talking about the fifa games? well i would never play as a woman's team on it, unless i was taking the piss. but an u21 one, would not be too bad and may get some use!
yeah he is. in the mid 2000s, i was sure that this team would dominate the premier league for the next decade; we haven't won a trophy in five years. i was sure that if they were playing that well that young, then surely the future was bright. but has it been really?

i'm starting to worry that the next five years will be plagued with mediocrity as well. yeah, we have been efficient financially and are setting an example for all of europe ... but you play to win. that is the objective. you play to win trophies. that should be the number one goal, not positive revenue returns.

edit: what's with the downvotes? are you seriously arguing that winning trophies shouldn't be the number goal?
in soviet russia, double negatives cancel you!
i'd love to see this guy in the prem! think united should buy him as an eventual replacement for giggs on the left side.
that entire story of cesc "abusing" officials was fabricated. 
or, learn from the metro and publish hearsay as news.
there really needs to be a channel for this meme. no offense, but i really don't like seeing memes.
http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/fd667/while_riding_the_bus_yesterday_an_inside_joke_was/
if she wins it will have a dramatic effect on every club in europe, especially given uefa's new financial fair-play rules.
diaby can be class. there are two diabys, though. 

the first holds the ball up well, makes incisive runs into the opposing area, and is generally a bull to get the ball from. 

the second holds the ball too long and loses it on a consistent basis, makes the wrong pass at the wrong time, and is a general liability on the defensive side. 
i played on fifa 96 on the sega megadrive, i scored with romario. so yes.
meh. i think diaby will start over wilshere against barcelona. wenger might go for a physical presence over flair. 
ya definitely the coolest club in europe. :)
the beast!
what ads are you referring to? 
i feel your pain.
i had a thread about team physios a couple of weeks back i believe.. basically the best response i got is to e-mail some clubs and leave them your contact info
were fine.  january transfers are so irrelevant imo.
on thedivingboard.org?
i see no ads at all.
it was hardly abuse did you even see what happened.  also stop posting things from metro its a fucking tabloid cricketfan164.  
probably because with a new stadium you can't afford to be spending big, even with cl football.
ya, good point.
the singular is very very rarely used.  the team is called rossoneri, the red and blacks.  you're talking about the team, the milan badge, the team is rossoneri.  i love how people who have no idea wtf they're talking about downvote me.
i do the exact same thing with football manager 2011.
it certainly will be fun listening to the boos.

if he scores against us i wouldn't be surprised if there is a riot or pitch invasion.
gosh, adidas y u stupid. you have a player who probably can do tons of cool things with an actual ball, but instead you make a fake and ugly commercial.  
a shame he has been great this season, except the flap against newcastle and wos has done similar in games just hasn't been punished for it yet. i really hope this does not reverse the progress fabianski made this year. having 2 improving goalkeepers competing with each other for 1 would be a dream come true...
couldn't agree more.
can't wait to watch the shit show :d
no, i'm a bus.
"gary neville stops playing football then huh? when did he start?" 

-rob huyton
why the hell didn't i ask this question ages ago? wtg
if carra plays expect a broken leg.
so is almunia the starting keeper again?
i like téhoué-houé,
i like téhoué-houé,
i like téhoué-houé,
i like téhoué!
i was 8 when this game happened. far too young to fully appreciate nights like this. just hoping and waiting to see them again soon. the commentator got it right: asprilla put in a hell of a shift.
really his time is up, but he did a lot for the club.  much success in the broadcasting business!
liverpool have confirmed that suarez is in the 18-man squad, no word yet on whether he'll be starting. 
i think we all know he is an economist. after building a stadium and managing a club with a low transfer budget and making sure we kept our players were paid well enough. he must have picked up a thing or two, no?
edit: you do have three years to break even is that what you were referring to when you say current spend has little to no bearing on ffpr?
looking forward to suarez's first match for reds. 

edit: for people searching for http://atdhe.net/   try http://atdhenet.tv/ 
legend!
my guess is this really comes down to different roster sizes. assuming this is only first team, you've got 25 players on a typical soccer team. but you only need 11 and after the next 7 you're really deep into backups. you're including your third goalie in the mix, for example. that's going to bring down the average a lot. nba teams, by comparison, only have 15 players on the roster. mlb rosters are 25, the same but since only the yankees are showing on the list, i think we can all understand their presence.

this is just a guess though.
http://www.soccertvlive.net/

more streams.
really he might as well have retired 3 seasons ago but the guy has done it all and shows that sometimes a player will remain loyal to a club and that even better, a club will remain loyal to a player. 

hopefully we get some new angry bastards in uk football.
i was thinking about that as a last resort
newcastle in the champions league?  pull the other one
valencia cf pls? thanks!! 
what does the nfl do?
no. wojciech is.
my mistake. clearly i don't pay enough attention to the premier league... it does look pretty retro though.
not even after the video?  what the hell man.  it looks like it's part of embedding daily motion videos.

what country are you in?  maybe it's just a us thing.
certainly was dedicated to manchester united. wish more players were dedicated to their clubs. and clubs dedicated to their players.
c'mon you scousers!  

as a side note, do you guys realize pulis changes from a cap/tracksuit and glasses to a suit without glasses for post game stuff? it confuses the shit out of me every time he gives a post match interview
wasn't modric in just for a couple of days?
big names on both teams, really? warren barton, david batty, keith gillespie, hahaha.

absolutely loved the chested goal by luis enrique.
a true great.
i believe your ticket entitles you to free train transport to the stadium on the matchday, so take advantage of that. 
sort of, i made a post about it [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fd95u/hey_rsoccer_can_someone_explain_the_uefa/c1f5npz).  i was referring to the combination of the monitoring period, player amortisation and the allowances in the first 5 years of monitoring periods.
do we have a good luis suarez song yet? because i'm just going to suggest that we do something with the misfits' *last caress*.
he's not in the same mould as lampard, but he is making some very good runs, getting forward a lot and having some good chances on goal. almost scored a beauty against everton.
i like the fact that rio quickly stepped aside too...  deferring to vds for the long pass haha
loved by the reds, hated by everyone else.
how?
lies!  it's two different people...with the same name.
the effort that hit the inside of the crossbar right? that was actually one of his better games. 
the situation does not need "help", this is the nature of the sport.
suarez is on the bench.  confirmed team from lfc.tv:

reina, kyrgiakos, skrtel, agger, kelly, johnson, lucas, aurelio, gerrard, meireles, kuyt. subs: gulacsi, carragher, poulsen, shelvey, suarez, maxi, ngog.

edit: aurelio is apparently playing in central midfield.
this definitely has a significant impact. not sure how the author didn't notice this (or perhaps he ignores it as it would compromise the message he is trying to send). he even notes how surprised he is american football players on average don't make more, even though their league is the most profitable. obviously this is because there are 50+ dudes standing on the sideline. 
any context?  what happened to him?
du eet
loved by city fans.


[never feed the goat, for the goat will score](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq_zqy6qqyi)

lfc lineup confirmed. it's a weird one

edit: and stoke confirmed
nice match thread again nikcub! anyone want to join the chat?
so is cole banished?
so he's done for the season? why wouldn't he stay on until the end then retire in the summer?
no, in the fa cup. took a shot from pretty far out, swerving and hit the bottom post. his performances are really picking up lately.
the whole robben ordeal was resolved with the proposition of a friendly at least a month and a half, maybe two months ago. 
can i have a portland timbers crest? that would be super cool.
after the first part of the first sentence, i thought it was about gerrard.
proposed, but wasn't finalized until today. so it was resolved today.
good player, not a great one.  because it's man u people will be rushing to call him the best of all time when he's nowhere near, say, maicon's level, or for my money even bacary sagna's.

[this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juqg49ukife) made me think he was a terrible guy.
other way around, bro.

"homestarrunner.net...it's dot commmmmmm".
i get the meme, but what does it have to do with kalou?
one of the most hated red has retired now. true legend for mufc
probably because he is clearly no longer first choice. i suspect he didn't come back to not play. he won't make the bench because o'shea can play anywhere you want.

effectively he would be there for cup games and when rafael is injured.
tottenham hotspur please! 
like him or loathe him, people wouldn't feel so strongly either way about him if he wasn't good at his job. in his prime he was one of the greats.
do you guys want live chat again? set it up here:

http://live-news.appspot.com
chicharrito!!!
ye totally unsure of what is going on there. i pinged some of the journo's to find out. strange since kenny said a week ago that he will give joe a run
i could see it working
&gt; the arguments on either side are so strong, and they are fundamental principles of the european union. you have the free movement of goods and services on one side, which is karen's defence, and on the other you have the whole question of copyright protection. 

copyright protection really isn't the issue. what is the issue is whether copyright can be sold on a regional basis that undermines the far more important free movement of goods and services through the eu. it doesn't weaken copyright law to say that copyright licensing must extend to the entire eu. it just alters the boundaries.

in all likelihood there will be a compromise because the eu has a history of (wrong imo) making exceptions for special cases.
np :)

ill leave the chat up. if it catches on, ill work out after this game how to give others permission to the account so that you can fire them up if i am not on.
i assume he is talking about the fact that the nfl has a hard salary cap.
nah, they've got 3 cm's on the pitch, he'll probably be on the left, johnson on the right, agger at lb. 
wat

are you serious? good lord...

you can't ever classify any fullback as "the best of his generation" if his nationality isn't brazilian. for any random european or argentinian fullback you can find at a world-class level, there's always a brazilian one that's much, much better.

i can name, for starters, cafu as a much better player.
actually the situation for chelsea is exactly the same as the one at utd. the debt is held by the holding company. it isn't a gift from abramhovich you will have to pay most of it back.

the fair play regulations will benefit utd because it will force the glazers to take less out of the club each year. they actually make a significant profit right now because they take out more than they need to service the debt. they can cut the clubs funding, which will reduce the clubs long term profitability as results drop. or they can take the loss in the amount of short term profit they are making.
this pleases me
he needs playing time. he never looks good when he's rotated in so infrequently.
yeah, you're right.  i saw that game if i recall correctly. did you watch the man united vs south hampton game? 
i will stick to [zonalmarking](http://www.zonalmarking.net) and [the guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk).
eh, in the article ferguson called him the best *english* right back of his generation, which i am willing to believe.
how goes it?  i can't find a working stream, they are all the barca game
such a weird lineup...no ngog? aurelio as lm i'm assuming? kuyt+gerrard the strike force? kenny remember last time you tinkered too much (blackpool loss)
there'll be a high level positon opening up at west ham shortly.
no i didn't see any of it, why?
i am so thankful for atdhe.me right now. lol at governmental attempts to manage piracy.
why only blame chelsea and city? liverpool weren't exactly angels themselves buying carrol for 35 mill. what about madrid and their galacticos? barca and their buying of ibra and villa? lazio for the price for crespo? juve for buffon? united for berbatov?
we really need the points. come on you spurs!
i once hit my friend in the balls like this during a scrimmage. he needed one of his testicles removed due to massive inflammation/infection. i don't recommend this strategy, even if it does make you look like a total bad ass.
haha yeah, forgot to mention the most obvious one.
did you try all those links above? it might have only just came on - telecast started a minute ago
a 5-4-1? wtf?
liverpool formation confirment 3-2(wb)-3-1-1 with meireles in the pocket behind kuty, and johnson and kelly playing as wing-backs.

interesting!
i'll check it out.  i (literally) tried 8 different links.   
*edit*  
found sop channel - 80517 for english
*edit2*
http://www.streamhub.tv/channels/v4.php &lt;&lt; flash, english, hd
except for chelsea play a 4-3-3 so thats 1 other player plus drogba and torres and drogba is 32 now so only has a season or two left in him so torres is essentially just a replacement for drogba
he cleared some debt. however they are still running at a massive loss.
i don't think torres would be considered liverpool's top scorer now, wouldn't he?
reminds me of the days when we had razor ruddock and julian dicks in the side. for a brief period liverpool were the hard men and most hated defence in the prem.
why do we have 2 keepers on the bench?  if harry's worried about gomes' injury, why not start cudicini?
guess big 4 might have to be redefined, because i think there is a big 5 of liverpool, manu, man city, chelsea and arsenal.  and i think more americans probably know of fulham or everton as clubs.  they've undoubtedly heard of newcastle, but are probably going to associate it with beer.
i take it all back, crouchie!  forgive me!
its not really 5, more 3-2 with wingbacks, then 3 in central midfield (which they played against wolves) and then 1-1
i'm pretty sure it *is* made up but i'll continue to play your little game :-p
that's the way to start! vdv to crouch!
oh my. you are right
sop://broker.sopcast.com:3912/80517
triple european combo

http://i.imgur.com/fkhwm.png 
u madd?
&gt; plagued with mediocrity as well

we've been far from mediocre in the last 5 years. we've remained in the top 4, got past the group stages of the cl every year. mediocrity would be if we were finishing mid table every season.

&gt; are you seriously arguing that winning trophies shouldn't be the number goal?

a balanced approach should be our number one goal imho. a balance between remaining as competitive as we can without turning into the next leeds or the next pompei. 

you can argue that the balance is a bit too far towards frugality at the moment. but it is debatable whether spending a few mill in order to (possibly) win a trophy would stunt the progress of up and coming players enough to lead us into a vicious cycle of spending.
actually, technically he is i think.  he has still scored more for the team than any other player this season.
found this [awesome veetle stream](http://www.streamhub.tv/channels/v4.php)
blackburn are asking some questions of the defense, to no one's great surprise...
oh skrtle.  nice try though mate
no he's not... he still is d:
bet you all are feeling sorry about the shit you said about crouchinho.

(i can has spurs badge plzthx)
he probably figures we can take no chances in our own penalty area.  not with the defense in the state it's in.
legend in his day. him and beckham on the right side for united in the 90s and early 00s were unstoppable.

manager or respected pundit in the making.
manchester united please!
he'll grin and rub his hair and all is forgiven
where is hutton??? not even on the bench over pletikosa.  also crouchy, i want it known that i never said anything mean about you, big fella.
when you see it....
west ham, please.
he has, but it seems more natural to only consider players still playing for the team. 
2 goals in 25 games?  i don't regret a word.
fc bayern, bitte!
you're living my dream, so invent some sort of astral projection device so i can join you.
starts in half hour. 10pm cet, 9pm uk
i still don't get it. could you enlighten me please? :)
the article says 30 million euro not pound.
5 goals and 3 assists in 7 cl appearances.
actually we posted positive cash flow from the last year, the operating losses are simply an accounting quirk from past transfer expenditure. chelsea are effectively generating as much revenue now as they are spending... at least we were until monday.
i guess the current situation she is in is not an option? have rights sold regionally, but allow consumers to access satellite feeds from other regions if they want.
i'll play for free!
which will be very important to us next year...
err, he's not in a [hurry!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hroyedpeznk)
this just in:  robben punches müller in face, breaks hand: out for 4 months.
anyone currently running a decent english stream?  i've got several that are workable, but i always like the commentary if i can manage it.
dude, your descriptions have me in tears
you could turn the volume down on the video stream and listen to the [bbc radio stream](http://news.bbc.co.uk/local/london/hi/bbc_local_home/newsid_8273000/8273157.stm)
honestly, i know i joked that way above, but not really.  he's played almost every game for spurs this season and that's his second goal.  that's just not good enough.
how did that not go in!
great save from begovic!
i thought about that, but they're not in sync.  thanks anyway.  not a big deal.
you can try sites like [myp2p](http://www.myp2p.eu) or [livetv.ru](http://www.livetv.ru) for all kinds of other streams. 

if you want to get streams reliably you might have to install some additional plugins or programs (vshare, veetle, sopcast..) at some point, though.
that's blackburn's 3rd shot on target.  i'll rest easy when we get a second goal...
    his attitude proved he was a red
    suarez suarez
    you'll never walk alone he said
    suarez suarez
    we bought the lad from amsterdam
    he's part of kenny's masterplan
    luis suarez liverpool's number 7

not mine, friend of mine had it up on fb
i don't understand how people keep citing this stat like it invalidates the other.  combine them and you get 7 goals in 32 games.  that's *still* not very good for a striker, even if his champion's league goals weren't, quite frankly, of secondary importance right now.
i had used vshare previously on atdhe with no averse effects, but i do prefer the veetle client which usually was in hd.

matzab also recommended myp2p, which has a whole section devoted to safe installs and will list flash streams that don't need a client.
i'll rest easy when we get a 5th...
crap!  streamhub stream down :(
arghh - which link are you using from there?

you ain't kiddin'.
see?  see?  it's shit like *this*, spurs defense.  that was a hair from a penalty!
canada.

looks like most of the videos are now changed to rutube
huth should have got a red card.
was it a worthy foul, blug.
"it's not about scoring goals and winning games. it's about robot dancing."

wait...
our live chat consensus was i was for the red card, everybody else against. but i am totally biased.
i'm going to put a finer point on it. he's played 23 pl games (24 including this one), but only gotten 10 starts this season.

is 2 goals in 10 starts amazing? not really, no. i concede that. but the dude does have his use (which is, at this point, being cl reinforcements).


sorry but if you don't recognise gary neville as anything other than a fantastic player and professional then you don't know what you're talking about. just look at his medal collection.

he is an idiot but you'd love to have someone like him on your team.
should have come 2 years ago
any way to get st. pauli?
can i have a liverpool fc crest please
disabled due to copyright claim.
this would be much appreciated
not a blackburn supporter in sight here. just sayin'

the (concacaf) champions league is terrible though.

and it's always fun to watch games like chivas vs. internacional
another dirty player. typical for that club. 
that's the one i *was* watching....

it's fucking ridiculous. this match isn't even being televised in the uk. the fact that i can't even watch it online pisses me off to no end. when i lived in singapore, pretty much every premier league match was shown live. here, i have to watch 2/3 of liverpool's games on my computer. don't even get me started on swansea. give me some option here. a pay service online? i'd subscribe to that. a dedicated tv channel for each team? i'd subscribe, or at least find a pub that does. a satellite dish i can buy to get another country's feed? i'll start fucking saving up. but don't give me this shit. give me *options* you bastards. you can't complain about illegal streams when there's no legal alternatives. 
when we looked so fucked, van der vaart has stood up to be counted. love that man.
**good**

**bye**
poor leggro. :(


striker?
two windows up for studying and one for a match...thats pretty responsible!  well played.
all these blackburn fans are getting annoying.
**goalllll tattooed guy**
there is no 'last man rule'.
nice try, homeland security. 
have you scored more than torres this year? have you had more assists than torres? better minute to goals ratio? more shots? more shots converted? 

no? coz andy carroll does...
three in a row!

(edit: 3 out of 4, i forgot the fulham game)
interesting referee decisions...
i will too!
my i've missed kuyt. already he's worked harder this game than torres has in his last 4 games.
i find the gunners in this thread very funny indeed. they should have a show on comedy central.

anyway, does anyone here have the time and skill to photoshop gary neville into the sky sports panel? i will give thee 1200 internets.
aaron lennon has been a fucking *menace* tonight.
i just read that a barça-rm final in the copa would be worth €15m for the rfef (spanish football federation). 


butthurt cunts abound itt.

they mad cuz gary neville styled on them all those years.
honest to god, i feel cheered up every time he touches the ball.
i'm waiting to see handy man-biter take the pitch for liverpool!
suarez #7, the new kid in town
i [went to munich](http://www.jamesdemastus.com/blogs/index.php/all/2011/01/04/james-euro-trip-2010-part-7-the-soccer) [in december](http://www.jamesdemastus.com/blogs/index.php/james-euro-trip-2010-part-7-the-soccer-part-2?blog=3) as part of a soccer vacation around europe. 

there aren't really any bars or clubs in the immediate vicinity of allianz arena. the arena is very easy to get to via the metro system. if you want concessions, you have to buy a pre-paid allianz card at the arena. i suggest showing up early and eating at the allianz restaurant. as for tickets, i used viagogo.com. 

edit: btw, i found allianz arena really boring. most of the crowd is quiet and is there to cheer when they're winning. the st. pauli fans on the other end of the arena made the most noise in the stadium. 
&gt;a player the wrong side of 25 can never be worth £50 million in my eyes.  especially not one with chronic hamstring problems.  just ask michael owen.

http://betoftheweek.net/2011/02/85-million-questions/

just about says it all, in my opinion.
que camisa feia, né? &gt;:o
he just came on :)
does that say last modified at 1131? must have been a good pregame show then, eh? ;)
bradley is a top candidate for an american playing in the epl

he controlled the us' midfield in the wc and was a solid player during the world's biggest stage

bradley is also young, which means he is still developing and also increases his value

bradley also is a strong tackler and i don't see the physicality of the epl being a tough transition
any odds on which stoke player suarez gonna chow down? i keed i keed
it's a gamble for sure, but i like the gamble honestly.
my mistake
whatever reason gomes is in the game, he is working fucking overtime.
leggo my gerrardo
i thought you couldn't use surnames as they require a capital letter.  are the uk rules different?
we'll be lucky to get out of there with 3 points.
oldham: always have to have one weird looking bald player.
rory looking like he was auditioning for wrestling or something. 

in the end, he got a decent arm-lock in.
right this second, i spell 'luck' g-o-m-e-s.
i just wish he had a left foot to cross the ball in. i'd rather see lennon back on the right and vdv on the left.
wtf cristiano blows the 1 on 1 and just stands there offside pouting about it while his team tries to keep playing.
tottenham, please.
fair points for neville, the person. but as a footballer the guy was dirty and got away with murder on the pitch only because he played for manchester united. he was regularly the weak link in the back line and as a player, he should have hung his boots up a few years ago. 
he wanted to pick stevie up, dry him off with his shirt and throw him over his head.
**goalll ~~new guy~~**

(a. wilkinson o.g.)
woo suarez!

he almost stuffed it up though, lol!
suarez, yeah!
and just as i post this i imagine the stoke fans have gotten a little quieter.
**save bald guy?**
fernando who?
scoring in your debut match, in front of the kop. 

can you ask for a better start? 
fernando who?

edit: ahhhh beaten by 26 seconds by dhaadh! 
can't quite recall, actually. 

morientes, was it? 
i think he didn't want to have his first shot for liverpool be a gaint whiff. goal is a goal.
suarez!
fact: luis suarez has scored in every game as a liverpool player.
master...is this what it is...to *circlejerk*?
when was the last time torres closed down a ball like that? i don't care how you call it, the desire and the work rate of suarez made that goal!
four years since his last appearance and england still haven't found a good enough replacement.
un. real.

made my fucking *week*.
and then scored!
i think the fair play rules are complete bs. if it was any other profession it would be laughed at, imagine the federal government limiting the salary you can pay for a software engineer. no i understand that analogy has its limitations but financial fair play is just another way of uefa accumulating more power.
dam you and your youtube links, every single thread, every single one of them.

edit:  i'll have to upvote you...again.
no, it's the same. it's just a hypothetical question-a lot of ones they do on the knowledge are.
luis suarez at liverpool... averaging one goal every 30 minutes.
wow sandro is pretty impressive at needlessly giving the ball away. thanks for not playing pav redknapp good call.
who?  no seriously, i did a google search even with football and nothing came up.  
he plays up front for lfc suarez, suarez.

he wants to play for king kenny suarez, suarez.

we bought the lad from amsterdam.

hes part of kennys masterplan.

luis suarez liverpools number 7.
seria a seems so brutal..  wonder what their injuries are compared to the epl
the beginning of the end of an era. 
statisticianed!
we hold onto this, we gain 2 points in the race with man city.
if i had a dollar for every time redknapp played someone worse than pav...
can they count carroll or suarez?
wow. i think i suffered multiple heart attacks at the end of that match.
how fast does this kid move? he seems to lose the ball, and then teleport into the back of the player that picked it up.
fuck yes spurs.  fuck yes gomes.  man of the fucking match.
i'd be able to buy pav and start my own team around him.

finished that for you, handsome.
stop by later, i'll show you.
i never want to see bale sold but if he does...   this team is still fun as hell to see. get better soon modric!!!
if you like minimal &amp; tech...
checkit: http://soundcloud.com/denmother
he likes to bite and use his hands - suarez, suarez

cost us 26 million from the netherlands - suarez, suarez

he's not as famous as ferndando torres,

but that's okay as long as he scores.

luis suarez liverpools number 7.
good 25-30 min debut by suaurez, had some nice touches, nice lay offs and good movement off the ball... and maybe a goal (?)

also probably chased and put pressure on defenders in that 25-30 mins more than torres did this whole season...
and with sturridge scoring in injury time, a good portion of the new players are making their marks.  i really hope spurs "old hands" can keep up, without any fresh blood in january.
lol for all who follow basketball, iverson and marbury on max contracts and ben wallace on a near max contract.  
[you don't know fernando?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ohr4p8e_io)
do it as a first resort.
when it wasn't taken down for a copyright claim, that was an unbelievable stream. some of my dorm mates thought we legitimately had fsc in hd in our dorm rooms
i now have a smile on my face that'll probably have to be surgically removed.
great performance from jenas tonight. i really hope he gets started over palacios when modric comes back.
if i had one complaint about r/soccer it would be not enough abba.
some sites are showing it as suarez, others as an og. will have to wait and check the fa 
ah you mean hipster meireles... he scored that goal ironically
torres played like that against chelsea. and now we know why.
brilliant.
we seriously need to have the reddit admins make a post about redditch so we can get some of these billion+ pageviews directed towards redditch!
nice win, bring on chelsea!
unbelievable. i can't remember celebrating a goal like that since probably the world cup. what an absolute dream start, i was hoping so much he would score today

damien comolli's reaction said a lot. something tells me suarez was his buy :)
what an exciting semi-final!
i'm sure kenny will sacrifice a reserve player after the game. or joe cole. 
kuyt is much better up front. selection dilemma when carroll comes back in. kuyt is a perfect poacher/workhorse 
i changed my mind on this 3 times in 2 minutes. you are right, he is still liverpool's top scorer

chelsea didn't buy the goals he scored for us
if he didn't' get ball or if he would have injured the player, it certainly would have been red. 
fuckin' spider-monkeys
best game i can remember seeing kuyt play. 
regardless if it's an own goal, suarez made the run, beat the keeper and put the shot on target. he deserves an assist at least. 
it'd be interesting to see a comparison on the number of injuries between leagues.  as of right now however, milan have 11/12 players injured and could field a quality side just made out of injured players.  
yet if he'd actually bought a keeper he wouldn't be in the issue he's in now.
they're only 5 up with an extra game played
you'll never walk alone!!!

liverpool please
same thing unfortunately :(
&gt;sorry but if you don't recognise gary neville as anything other than a fantastic player and professional then you don't know what you're talking about.

you have obviously never met him.  he's an odious little twat off the field too.  he's about as close to being a professional footballer as i am, as his coming autobiography (available in the next month or two) will reveal.
we shorten our injury list a little bit, we can make that up.  am i crazy to see them as the more viable target than chelsea, even though they've probably been more consistent?
actually, kenny first scouted suarez almost two years ago:

&gt; one of the first assignments given to dalglish by rafael benítez, after the former returned to the club as ambassador and academy figurehead in july 2july 009, was to scout suárez at ajax.

[(source)](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2011/feb/02/kenny-dalglish-liverpool-caretaker-manager)
poulsen maybe?
so here were the starting lineups for that game;

newcastle: s. given, w. barton, j. beresford, d. batty, r. lee, j. barnes (t. ketsbaia, 80), h. asprilla, j. tomasson (d. peacock, 76), k. gillespie, s. watson, p. albert

barca: r. hesp, l. figo, s. anderson (c. dugarry, 55), rivaldo, s. barjuan, e. amunike (d. ciric, 46), a. celades, m. nadal, luis enrique, m. reiziger, i. de la pena.

lots of big names. courtesy of [soccerbase](http://www.soccerbase.com/teams/head_to_head.sd?team_id=224&amp;team2_id=1823).

i love football crowds for this reason. their cheers are often so ironic. much better than the games in the state where most the cheers are just deee- fense. just not that exciting. 
why are there 4 left arms? does anelka have a hidden arm? what is happening?
only 10 years too late
newcastle being sponsored by [newcastle beer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newcastle_brown_ale): nice.
hawkward.
man united got bossed around badly during the 1st half. it was a pleasure to watch that.
upvote and an orangered for that. very true.
what? only giggs, scholes and neville were left. neville is now gone and scholes will possibly retire this season too, the era was already over.
now we know the real reason for liverpool's lackluster season.. meireles wanted them to be bad so that he would look cool and ironic to be playing for them
odd, i assumed you were a man u fan since i thought red shrek = rooney
how are you watching football there with quicktime? this can't be a live match else i'm impressed.
the meters all off on this
great job on putting the match thread together.  meireles is on fire!  i assume we were all yelling at kyrgiakos (through the tv) to get out of the way and good thing he listened to us.  suarez looks like exactly what we need.  he was very unselfish and had some great touches
maybe, although it'd be pretty sad quoting oneself like that.
there's an article in the guardian speculating that kenny's heavily involvement in both big signings is a signal that he could very well keep the job next season.
destiny
bullshit. the ball was going to roll in, just because he _didn't_ manage to save it doesn't mean that it was an own goal.

__edit:__ i know it's not your call.
atdhenet.tv
i might be an obvious idiot, but i am so sure i've tried that already, as a matter of fact, i'm going to go try it right now and get back at you with a 100% answer.

update: ok, i got a guest in thanks to you sir! but i don't think you can play online in teams with a guest unless i'm missing something. thanks again!
i don't think so, i expect chelsea leapfrog city and try to make a run for the top. of course i'm hoping torres is a flop and spurs make a run at 2nd-3rd.
fernando clitorres is his full name
gary neville + david beckham = unfuckingstopable
  
  rafael, you have a big shoe to fill!
on that particular play i think it wasnt intentional.....
i don't get it...
that has been discussed.
i'll try make it happen because i can't see anything else working!
cheers mate
i have the euro 08 germany home, the current germany away, an orange dutch, a torres lfc (sigh), and fabregas arsenal. i'd love to have a huge collection, but these things are way too expensive for me.  
i agree, but what a ridiculous tackle.  if he had hurt kelly anfield would have lost it.  but good to see johnson pumped up and defending his mate
and this reflects on his footballing ability how?

at the end of the day, neville never got arrested, never got into fights in nightclubs and was never splashed across the tabloids. this is a lot more than can be said for a lot of players.

he also won everything his club could possibly win, as a key member of the team.
stupid chelsea fan, makin' good points!
interesting, thanks!
i hope we keep this formation and style. great football
torres is sad at the end because he remembers how well him and kuyt played together.
he also said he would give konchesky a shot too.
actually that was legrottaglie's fault. he put himself in danger with such a low header.
so funny. i put it in the commentary above as well, scroll down to thread, and see it two more times :) 

we all thought the same thing
i wonder if neville neville was sad to see him tie up the boots
kyri had a great game - almost mom
fella on twitter didn't want to steal his quote without giving him credit.
i remember him saying it about cole and poulson, so this means he has said it about everyone.

we should have loaned cole out
his collect, turn, run at the defense, shot was excellent and a great sign for the future
i hate him but it has nothing to do with his playing ability, which was certainly good, though not great. i hate him for his attitude and spite. yes, i'm aware.
yeah too bad that loan deal with west ham broke down.  he quickly became another one of our fringe players with no position. 
i remember pele tipping him for becoming the top scorer of 94 wc, and colombia to win the cup. the very first match, they lost to romania. i learnt that day not to listen to pele's predictions.
ahh, gotcha. thanks. haven't been as up-to-date as i'd like with the epl lately.
oh they mad
is that a testament to neville's ability or england's lack of talent?
what? he's a true professional. hard working, good atttiude and strong mentally. just because you dislike his face doesn't mean he's not a professional. 
0:36 into the match? hope you didn't miss the first goal while marveling at your screen capture.
sakho is awesome, i am resigned of liverpool not getting him.  i would rather him go to arsenal than any other club above us though.
admitting a mistake is a sign of weakness. this is reddit, you should fight him.
no longer first choice? when was he last a consistent member of the first team? this reminds me of andy cole retiring from international football. what, you're still here?
for those wondering, poulson was supposed to be on the bench tonight but during the pre-game warmup suffered a back spasm. he was replaced on the bench by danny wilson, the centerback signed during the summer who has yet to make a league appearance (he is one for the future)
eh i liked the other one, but to each their own.
liverpool had three days to identify and bring in a target, thanks to the sad nature of the way chelsea conducts business, and torres' head getting turned.
yes. and the fact that he was rubbish against stoke and west brom, totally out of his depth and had to be subbed off. it was unfortunate but he was useless this season and he knew it.
he looks like a petulant child. unprofessional and spiteful little bastard.
fuck neville the person. he repeatedly showed an astounding lack of professionalism whilst dealing with rivals and rival fans. i can totally understand being a local lad and huge fan of your club and all that (after all, i've got carragher &amp; gerrard), but you're a professional and a role model - show a little class.
i can agree with this. i hate the bastard, but he was a loyal player.
premierleague.com seems to give it to suarez. most places are giving it to him, so hopefully it won't be up for debate. 
iambic pentameter*?*
it's an obscure league. even i have found news hard to come by.

    /pokerface.jpg
[video of meireles and suarez goals](http://www.tvgoals.net/2011/02/03/liverpool-fc-vs-stoke-city/)

arabic commentary with 1 or 2 pop ups.

[new! motd highlights](http://www.megaupload.com/?d=b307wp3d)
made a great tackle off carew in the second half, helped out with the first goal and (until carroll's fit) is still our only real threat in the air from set pieces. kuyt was outstanding for me, but kyrgiakos was good too, partially because he had agger and skrtel on either side of him, which let him concentrate on muscling carew off the ball and winning things in the air. 
let's get try and get this to the front page. vote here. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/fe1i6/reddit_its_time_for_some_of_that_fabled_altruism/
i have too many, i think : (  damn collecting is slightly addictive.

my club is liverpool so i only have theirs.  but i have various international shirts.  mainly a gerrard collector but i happened to buy a torres this year. : (  oops.

liverpool: 98 home gerrard (#28), 02 away gerrard l/s (#17), 03 worthington cup final gerrard (#17), 05 c/l final gerrard, 05 c/l final alonso, 06 fa cup final gerrard, 07 c/l final gerrard, 08 home gerrard l/s, 10 home gerrard, 10 europa 3rd torres l/s.  those are all replicas, but i was able to acquire a gerrard match worn shirt from a europa league game last year.

international: 02 wc home usa donovan, 04 euro france home zidane, 06 wc france away zidane, 08 euro croatia modric (gift from a croatian friend of mine who got it in croatia), 10 wc usa away donovan, 10 wc england away gerrard.
did i just get gaga'd?
bendtner has 7 goals in 14 matches this season, in 8 of those games he came on as a substitute, weakest link my arse.
said the da silva bros fan. **smirk*
then set up a paypal account to collect money to spend on transfers.
advice: take me with you and i will hold your beer(s)
sad nature? what about liverpool's sad nature in their dealings with newcastle? pool had three days, newcastle had what, a few hours?
i think its supposed to be kuyt, that's his hair.
usually once the shot is going on target anyway it gets given to the striker these days
sorry, could you mark that post as distinguished? it'll make my life a whole lot easier when the body turns up
yeh, i saw that. i don't think fsg would have let torres go and brought in two big signings if they didn't have confidence in kenny to take the job permanently - definitely a good sign! :d
kyri's anticipation and reading of the game has improved a lot. he doesn't even need to make the tackle most of the time, which is a good thing.

i think its between him and kuyt for mom
excellent, thanks!
kenny is steadily re-introducing the old flowing, fluid, total football style of play that 'pool were famous for the last time we won the first division.

they played some excellent football today, and suarez seemed to fit in even though he has yet to train with the squad. the rate that we are progressing now i am all for kenny sticking around (i was pro-villas boas only a few weeks ago but have steadily changed my mind. i think todays game was a pivotal moment, not just because of the win but the style of the win)
the way that i read it was that the shot was on target, defender attempts to clear and fails, hence suarez goal - no different to a deflection or when defenders reach a ball on the line, attempt to clear but only accelerate the ball going into the net.

fair call (not to mention i really really really want it to be a suarez goal). i hope he finishes the season on 15.
last season he was one of the best rbs in the league and deserved an england call up.
funny how he raised his hands on that first challenge. welcome to the epl, luis
he had some fabulous touches. they impressed me even more than the goal, to be honest. his intelligence on the pitch is outstanding. unfortunately, i hadn't watched very much eredivisie and hadn't seen him in action prior, but this match has made me extremely optimistic.
looking forward to a great final. may the better team(~~we~~) win. 
was tonights game pay per view or any other cable/sat option in the uk? seems crazy

often easier to watch games overseas because so much of the tv money is in the uk. we (meaning the rest of the world) get it all for cheap. i get every game live on basic cable
loan for 6 months to put him in the shop window (would have been worth taking 50% of wages), sell in july for what could be 8-10
can we set up a legit paypal account for donations
that's kuyt in the last panel, not torres.
yeah he looked a new man, top performance. probably motivated by the increased competition for attacking spots. still doesn't score enough for me
and thank goodness for that
contradicting stories now. earlier today they said that they would only sell lukaku for 30m euro, and here we have a 30m euro bid from chelsea that was rejected.

who knows what is going on.

oh, and that is a hell of a lot of money.

**edit:** makes sense now. chelsea didn't bid 30m, it just said they made an approach and that anderlecht requested 30
arsenal's players are made out of the chocolate shell that breaks really easily. that's the only way to describe this. 
let's hope so, mate.
awesome tunes man
thanks for the great thread. awesome team game, everyone did their job well. great to see liverpool just roll over the small teams once again..its been a long time since i can remember that. 
i was at that match. it was boring
donate to buy a percentage of that little club, instead of just donating.
i wouldn't call him great. he was just pretty good. 
marco materazzi agrees with this. 
i don't think you have enough menu items.
stoke have some of the best fans by far. there's a reason teams dread going to the britannia.
tevez city away, adam johnson city home, tevez argentina from wc 2010, mexico home from 2006, owen england home from 01, arsenal home from 01, usa home 2010, city home 1995.

 i didn't realize i had that many until i just listed them.
haha i think wages come before any more transfers!
lots of big names... and john beresford
sadly now no longer made in newcastle
i liked that one too :)
i hope he leaves his balls of steel at home when he comes to play us...
can they just hire this guy to design every football kit from now on


lol..you're like the third person who has wrote that.  i'm not a man united fan in the least bit.  i'm a gunner all the way.
no no, his nipples are cold
no no, his nipples are cold
i have a handful but my three favorite ones are: 

1. juninho, bought in 2007 i think. it's a white one. he is my all time favorite footballer so cherish it.

2. rivaldo, bought in 97 or 98 in spain. was my favorite footballer at the time, so i still have it. sadly dosen't fit anymore, though :p

3. lucas, bought at the start of the season. people made fun of me for wearing it but look who's laughing now :d


other notable ones: michael owen - liverpool, benzema - france, brazil 2006 wc unmarked, rivaldo 98 wc, ac milan unmarked around 2006, rivaldo ac milan and last but not least a barcelona away 2007 shirt, unmarked and it's that awesome neon yellow one that everyone loves.

damn, i really like rivaldo...
too true, but he's always been the workhorse behind the goals and you need that just as much. hopefully with suarez and carroll up top his work rate will translate to more goals indirectly. 
no kidding. those are some really nice kits.
not even a liverpool fan, but glad to see suarez making an impact early.
i am guessing here but with sopcast you can launch your preferred media player if you wish instead of using sopcast's own player (for example i use vlc).
not play on it. ice up, especially the ankle. 

if you must push it beyond this point, or if daily life if too painful, wrap your ankle for support (i assume your 'tweak' means you rolled it). now that you've damaged the supporting structures you're vulnerable to further damage. 

confirm doctor's appointment. 
i liked rivaldo a lot growing up.  wish i had that 98 wc rivaldo shirt.  nice.
that explains why their skills are so sweet
it would be funnier if he were in crutches. also more realistic.
reminds me of the wc when steve mcnamanamnan said that japan's goalkeeper's "wrists are made of chocolate"
had to wait until it was uploaded to the piratebay.
i recently canceled my cable, so here i am living this 3rd world lifestyle...  having to wait until i can download it to my laptop to watch in my bed as i get high and pretend to study.
truly a difficult life.
i'd buy it.
i didn't get the impression song or walcott would be out particularly long. fabianski is tough, but, almunia's back. 

nasri is the only one that bothers me. buying players in january isn't always the best solution to injury issues and i've made peace with it.
oh well, maybe he can come in late on sunday and nick a game winner.  we've got karma on our side!
it was [fuckin' game time](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jmoh-cul6m&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=79s) for neville.
i don't think you have enough quality players to finish in the top 5.
ooohh!

both.
well who can he blame besides himself for playing a ball at knee level with his head?  i can understand a header to bury a goal but in the middle of the field?  maybe the opponent could have made a better effort to avoid him but it's not his fault a legrottaglie's head was down there.
you'll need to get a gold star for anyone to believe you. 
&gt; chris nicholl of aston villa scored all four goals in a 2–2 draw, against leicester city in 1976.

what a day.
i think it is a good sign for the epl overall that a player like suarez, who would traditionally have been seen as not suitable for this league, does well. 

other international players who have likely thought that they would not be suited for the epl are likely looking on in interest.
or finish somebody elses goal again :)
i was searching for someone to compare him to, and i do say that you are spot on sir.
how would he move the wheel barrow then? 
i'm going to say that was legrottaglie's fault.  he did not need to stoop down on his knees for that header.  also, i'm not convinced that the knee to the head was on purpose either.
:(
that time it really wasn't kozak's fault, but:

for those that didn't see the game, almost every challenge, he led with his elbows. one connected with bonera's face, leading to him being removed from the game. if yepes wasn't as physical as he is, i think he would have been injured, too. all around kozak's play was *very* reckless.
good riddance, you fucking twat.
came so close to ruining my keyboard just now
i really enjoy the new england logo.
* two van persie arsenal kits, one the third kit from 08 (the one with blue and claret horizontal stripes) and the other this year's away kit. 

* one arsenal bergkamp kit from 01

* one holland bergkamp kit from 98 (not authentic, but still love it)

* one ronaldo brazil kit from 02

* one ronaldo barcelona kit from 96

* one van basten retro ajax kit from '87 i think. 

* one cruyff barcelona kit (custom made)

* three blank holland kits from the past 3 world cups

some of them don't fit anymore, but i still love em.

i'm gonna get a cruyff oranje kit and a xavi barca kit soon.
if the nfl adopted this (and pitch billboarding), maybe they could cut their commercial breaks down to 20 per game. 

and i still don't understand why the big four sports don't have sponsors on their uniforms. 
gary hooper scored more than carroll last season for scunthorpe.

gary hooper was the subject of a £4.7m bid from newcastle on deadline day.

carroll was sold for £35m on that same day.

football has gone crazy.
maybe a wheelchair with a basket on the front? clearly, i didn't think this through.
i dunno - some of drogba's looked like 'platoon' re-enactments
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faatmg91kuu


my current favorites:

an unworn manchester united home #16  roy keane 1999 fa cup final jersey. it still smells new and i can't bring myself to wear it.  with citeh near the top, i might wear it out for derby day though.

1995-1996 away manchester united #7 eric cantona jersey.  the (in?)famous gray one that was retired from use 1/2 way through a match.

2008-09 home manchester united #10 wayne rooney cl jersey with the gold champions patch. 

2010-11 home manchester united #14 chicharito jersey.  he's been amazing soo far.  i've been wearing this one out.

1979ish new york cosmos t-shirt i got at the meadowlands when i was small. not a jersey per se but still a favorite and i did get it in new jersey. 

2003-04 manchester united tim howard goalie jersey.  i love wearing this to usa games.  also, it's the only good looking goalie jersey ever. 

edit: spelling and forgot a good one. 

[with nicer edges](http://i.imgur.com/qcjsx.jpg)
i can't decide if i hate or love the detroit lions home. 
exactly. what kind of footballer sees a ball coming in so low and decides to head it rather than use his feet?
no,i can totally tell them apart...  see, the one with the curly hair and serious face is rafael...  the one with the curly hair and goofy face is fabio.... or is it the other way round?  shit.
in the birmingham v man city game today, richards and de jong had a hell of a collision. it was completely unintentional (duh, same team) but richards was out cold and de jong left at the intermission.  
i would wear the shit out of the new england one
never seen sakho play, but he has been a beast in fm and they released a black card of him in fifa ultimate team, so bring him on.
this whole meme isn't interesting anymore. club revenues have doubled in the past 2-3 years, so get used to 30m+ deals.
r/soccer header.   can he share it with the suarez header that is currently in that spot?
you know arsenal's financial constraints are?  they have to make money, that is it.  the club has to have long term sustainability.  billionaires "own" arsenal.  if they wanted to, they could invest in the club.  it isn't like our board doesn't have billions of dollars, they do.  so, our "financial constraint" is simply fiscal responsibility. 
i wonder if they have revenue sharing as well...
in the last day or so i've see atdhe.fm, atdhe.me, atdhe.net's old ip address, and now this, and this one is saying don't use anything they don't approve.  i'm so confused now.
liverpool crest, please.
they limit the salaries and spending in a lot of other sports, by the way.  also, the government does have "fair play rules", corporate taxes come to mind.  there are programs to help small businesses, too.  
because it would be unlikely that he'd be picked again and he didn't want to receive wages he hasn't earned from the club he loves? 
the more sh*t you talk, the harder you fall.
i don't think i rolled it. it happened when i kicked the ball... still ice it though?
good to know, i commented above saying that his play didn't look too dirty. but, if he was leading with his elbows like robinho was motioning, then that would change the context of the argument after the injury.
it's not like he joined liverpool back in 2007 for the same reason.

oh...
i have a sad feeling that he'll cost around £16mil, with hazard costing about £20-25mil.(my predictions for the summer transfer window)


this could only be paid for by the exit of fabregas, which is bound to happen some day.
all chelsea jerseys: anelka, deco, drogba, lampard -- from various home/away kits of the past 5 years.

my torres jersey is on its way.
lies!
he done it because he loved the club, clearly!
well, if we can get him and hazard + money for fabregas leaving, so be it.  he isn't bigger than the club and honestly, selling him for a huge price will only making him that much more important to the club's future.  he has given us a lot, i hope he can win while he's here.
economically it makes sense. seeing  a sponsor on a detroit red wings jersey seems like absolute blasphemy to me though
i hear you. white one is awesome though.
if he made these i would order one and actually wear it to the stadium
neville was always in the tabloids, what are you talking about?
good attitude?  are we talking about the same person here?  look him up a bit more, he has a terrible attitude and even united players think he's a twat.
i like most of these, but the falcons ones look kind of tepid to me.
you have bought the pr spin on the ffpr.  the only reason ffpr is coming in, [is to preserve the monopoly further.](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fd95u/hey_rsoccer_can_someone_explain_the_uefa/c1f5npz)
yeah, right. he never works that hard at anything. 
drogba &amp; anelka?
goodbye rat face. im gutted need a new footballer to despise, i'll pick john terry.
haters gonna hate.
lot's of hate up in here. i hope he gets a hattrick against the scousers this weekend.
england 2010 wc (no name), lfc 2009 home top (no name), lfc 10/12 home long sleeve (my name and number 8, with patches). also have an lfc training hoodie as well.
it's fucking disgusting how all these various industries are inside the pants of the government.
oh dear
two clasicos in 4 days!  now let's hope for barca-rm matchup in the champions league quarterfinals or semifinals. it would be legendary.  plus, spanish supercopa in august will feature another meeting between the two teams.
i've got a few of the liverpool kits from the past few years, my prized one i never wear is my 05 cl final gerrard. i also have an 03 bayern kit. 
dont bet on it...

they be playing like that in the championship...
couldn't have said it better myself. i hope to see a lot more of what i saw today, throughout the rest of the year.
i had a class during a game earlier today, did exactly this.  worked pretty well actually, although my notes are a bit more sparse than usual.
can i get an everton fc crest?
me, regularly :(
roman spent all that money on the transfer and couldn't buy this year's shirt for the guy? shameful. 
tattoo looks too perfect. ~~i think its shopped~~. (its not apparently)                        

unrelated but, your username means penis in most arabic dialects.
he did buy him some blonde hair dye though.
wtb detroit lions shirt
my step-dad is a bee keeper and i love soccer so this story hits on all my levels
reddits favorite club?  just because it has the name "reddit" in it?  lol!  we all want to get paid to play soccer, it works for some, not all.  perhaps they should just cut their losses and fund their own team if they want to keep playing?
el salvador isn't in south america.
as a madridista, even i was yelling at him the whole game. he seemed to lack any desire to play well. there were several times during the game where he could have easily exploded past the last defender or made an extra touch to secure the goal but he just didn't have it in him. i'm glad özil got the winning goal, he definitely deserved it, and made the extra touch to get it. adebayor was clearly hungry to make a difference in the 10 minutes he was given. 
he's tiny, so i reckon he could fit in that big shoe
awesome. just awesome.
i'll pay them so that i can play!
ice will reduce pain and swelling, which can push ligaments and muscles out of position as vessels swell with blood, so yes ice it if it hurts. 
one of *[these](http://i.imgur.com/rqblz.jpg)* perhaps...
he's grimacing b/c his hammy tore. i'm sure of it. 
torres' shirt still has carlsberg on it, that's how old those pictures of him fit and scoring are.
people forget that he sucked for a whole damn year... i'll take the 50 million thanks
yeah i would agree on the shopped part.  but it would def be better than the cat who had rooney in a citah kit when all that was goin about.
username part might have made me spill my drink...:)
i'd say he has a good attitude because he always worked hard and gave for the cause. why do you say he has a terrible attitude? and which united players think he's a twat?
since we're on the topic, how do you guys wash your shirts to keep them awesome condition?
aww
every ecuador jersey of the past 10 years.
are we talking about penis here?
i think cashley is hiding behind the pack.
as a patriots fan... i'd buy that in a second
i'd agree except that kozak was furious a second earlier because legro had a good challenge on him.  i think kozak was going in for revenge and legro just happened to be unlucky. 
i'm not convinced it was purposeful either, and yes it was silly be legro, but this happened seconds after legro had a challenge on kozak which made kozak very angry.  i think it was a combination of revenge and wrong place wrong time.  however kozak was playing dirty throughout the game.
spanish team jersey and barcelona.
tell me about it :["while zeb is a common urdu name, in arabic it is a slang reference to the male genitals and not used in polite conversation." ](http://www.jpost.com/middleeast/article.aspx?id=168037)and i'm form poland by the way :)
great concept.  a couple of quibbles would be the badge positioning on new england home (nearly on the shoulder!) and the sashes/thin stripes are used far more than in irl soccer clubs.
i have a few from my parent's travels. the 2008 portugal away jersey, 2006 portugal home, argentina's home and away from 2008, i think. i also got myself spain's euro 2008 jersey with fabregas #10 on it and benfica's 08-09 jersey with my own name.
why did they all lay on the ground? personally, i'd bust a sprint.
yeah i was going to say pretty much that. just because it's got "reddit" in its name, doesn't make it my fav club and to be honest, it's not like they go around promoting reddit for us

/prepares also for the downvotes
i'm sick and tired of these leagues failing to realize what's really at hand here.  there's a fucking mountain of cash waiting for them if they offer their content themselves streaming online.  these are global sporting leagues with global fan bases. 

mlb thus far has done the best and i hope other leagues wake up and follow suit.  
[news article](http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/3378243/trucker-john-retters-1000-manchester-united-tattoo.html), not a shopped picture..
yeah have the same germany 08 euro for ballack.
post a pic of the cruyff one.
ecuador - you go hard.
amen, wouldn't mind it if the revs took that design even
please.  he didn't leave for money, he left to play in the champions league.  i hate chelsea as much as the next guy, but come on.
that's what being a stoke fan is all about; shutting up once you start losing.

unless, of course, they're booing a kid who has just had his leg snapped in half.  they like doing that, too.
boom boom clap, boom boom clap.  (or stomp stomp clap if you are a person and not a speaker)
"arab states reject pakistani diplomat whose name refers to large male genitals in arabic". priceless.
the kansas city one calls to me for some reason. 
these are fantastic.  i wish the guy could get the licensing to produce them.
thanks for that, i couldn't find the source
go to rojadirecta.es; that one works. us authorities took the .com and .org
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrm_wu_-whi
well, he has always had a liking for [liverpool](http://liverpool.theoffside.com/files/2011/01/armband.jpg) 
that's the main reason, fans consider it sacrilege.  hell, people complain that the nike swoosh is too big on jerseys.. actual sponsors would probably spark riots.
still weird to see him in that jersey, photoshop or not
what are you talking about? they're not those kinds of fans. they're the nicest fans anyone could ever hope to meet, and they all love their mothers.
upvoting on a stream of scouse tears.
i hate football jerseys because they don't fit the human form per say, rather they fit the pads. if i could buy one of these i definitely would.
atdhenet.tv seems to be offering the exact same functionality as did the old site. i think all others are just linking to whoever bought the domain name's site.
i have a knock-off sponsorless modrić kit from this season.

the blue away kit from last year which i got for secret santa just been.

a wellington phoenix kit i got on a bet when they made the a-league playoffs last year.

i have a bunch of old ones but i think they're either gathering moths in a box at my parent's house or they've been thrown away. include: kappa/thompson spurs shirt, the adidas/holsten one, that england one where the badge is in the middle with blue/red trim, old spurs purple pony kit, i think i used to have one of the hummel ones as well.

e: none of these have names save the modrić one (because i felt a sponsorless, nameless kit would be a bit too plain) as i am not a child.
my gawd man, gilespie!
what's funny, though, is that the practice jerseys for almost every team features a sponsor.  maybe that's the owners way of slowing transitioning to logos on the jerseys.
i would purchase a saints one, most certainly. 
don't bother with thegame podcast, urgh. horrible stuff there. 
i'd get the stripes logo over the devil logo if i were to do that.
i would pay an arm and a leg for these
fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!

2010-2011 barcelona home messi

also, 2010-2011 man utd home shorts.
that guy sure looks weird in that blue shirt.
[avram you strike again!!!](http://oi44.tinypic.com/16757jk.jpg)
it could be.  i thought suarez was top class, more so than carrol, and 35mm could fill a lot of holes at lfc instead of overpaying for carrol.  but, time will tell.  will be interesting on sunday for sure.
ah the feds, always watching out for me
feels good man. 
corporations are the new mafia. 
this is absurd!!

why are they just laying around in the middle of it all???
they're not my favorite club. they're a shitty little team with no money. goodbye redditch united. 
i love the away one, makes me almost wish we'd do it, pour some money into our team somehow w/ sponsors, get some new players, win some more games.
could i please have brighton and hove albion, if you have it!
what if they need an emergency right back?
2007/2008 arsenal home jersey with van persie #11

2010/2011 arsenal away jersey with wilshere #19

2007/2008 fc bayern home jersey with klose #18

planning on getting a henry or ljungberg home from 2004/05
liverpool are thuggish.
chelsea fans gonna....start liking chelsea from 2004 and onward. never win the cl.

this is me hating.
wow you really summed me up with that one, now didn't you?
sad, isn't it?  hehehehe.
how much is he actually being paid? honest question. 
do you work for a living? he wouldn't be the highest paid player at chelsea, over jt, if money wasn't at least a factor.

as a professional, if the most glamorous company in my industry offered me a job, and offered me less money...i wouldn't take it. i'm sure if chelsea offered him only 100k a week, he wouldn't have put in that transfer request. it's the whole doubling-your-wages and champions league thing that makes you turn against 100 million global fans
pass and move mate, it's the liverpool way. glad to see it come back under kenny.
the two clubs agreed on a fee for juve to pay if they wanted to keep him. if they don't want to pay it they don't have to keep him. 
maybe he liked celtic? ;)
i'm sure you're hurting right now, and if telling yourself he left for the money is what is going to help you get through this, i won't get in your way, but we both know that isn't true.
real madrid please. thanks.
i wonder if there is a way to buy the club....it should not be that expensive.instead of just donating money.
i want to see him toe-to-toe against carragher or kyrgiakos. i'm sure they have plenty of practice playing against him by now.
but he'd have to play with villa, and they really don't play that well together.
it's more that scousers are thuggish. stevie and jamie tend to let their emotions take over.
and they did. 
[what has been seen...](http://i.imgur.com/vtnpp.png)
too bad the spanish super cup is in august, but still anxious. and one more game for the league april 16. and also, i **think** they will automatically meet at the semi's if they were to progress. total of 6 (5) ....
matthew taylor's was about 42 meters - just bad converting from yards. robinson's was almost the entire length of the pitch, not sure how long exactly (probably more conversion errors).
35 million in profits for one player is never a bad thing.
thanks. but still think it's naive to say money wasn't at least a factor in his decision. i mean, 110k a week at liverpool is a lot but nba and nfl players make 3x that. now he's financially set for life, no matter what he wins. just like carroll and suarez were probably interested in doubling their wages as well.
twice.
the problem with arsenal is that they always try to walk it in.
no mention of cross town rivals who also had a surprisingly quiet transfer window (not for not trying) and still won today.
gotta laugh at people who tattoo crucifixes on their body showing their blatant [ignorance](http://bible.cc/leviticus/19-28.htm) of the bible.
i'd probably use the one where melo stepped on his leg.  the most likely spot it happened imo.
how hard it must have been for him to stay dedicated to a club that experienced the most succesful period in english footballing history.
best english defender in his generation, best man utd defender for a long long time.

he will be missed, but i think the rumors that he'll stay as a coach or the reserves manager is good news.
that is true.
2009/2010 barcelona home xavi #6
to you people saying you respect him as a player but not as a person: who are you to judge what he is like as a person? he could be an incredibly nice person outside of football. he might be a massive cunt too. but stop judging people you don't know. 

looking at examples of the negative things he has done it is laughably bitter. oh no, he once celebrated in front of rival fans??? what about cantona karate kicking a crowd member. where's the hate for roy keane for deliberately injuring an opponent, or carragher for deliberately injuring a team mate and then saying "you're not fucking laughing now, are you, you soft cunt?"? or when he threw a coin into the crowd. or maradonna and messi for cheating by punching the ball into the net? or what about the things players have done in their personal lives like cheating on their wives with team mates girlfriends?

i postulate the reason gary neville is hated isn't because of his actions, because plenty of players have done much worse and not been hated for it, but because of his miserable looking face that makes people instinctually dislike him. he's also a scapegoat for the jealousy fans of other teams have. they don't think about why they hate him, they just assume there's a good reason since everyone else does.
this is so great, it's like all these guys are living out a dream that i'm sure many soccer loving amateurs have had in their lives.
nev mostly behaved like a passionate fan than a pro. i am sure, many include gaffer would have suggested him to melow down, but he never seemed to do it.
hmm shirt sponsorship for 10k pounds?
or a city fan who lost a bet.  a big bet.
this actually spanned after our first goal, and through our second goal. 
i read that as "south africa" and thought the vuvuzelas had finally attracted the swarm.
god, what a gaping cunt. ciao.
i need a chargers one!
i will coach for free, as i have no job and no real skills soccer-wise.  i do, however, have a keen tactical mind.
rubbish. materazzi is a disgrace to the game, a brutal, cheating cunt. gary is just a cunt.
you do know you don't have to limit yourself to loathing one fucktard at a time...right?
those power rankings on espn blow. arsenal at 7th best right now? i doubt it. i can see barca, dortmund (somehow), and even real, but i don't think mu could beat arsenal on a good day. i think the chemistry between arsenal is, as it always has been, superb and refreshing. mu seems to just chunk a bunch of good players together and they perform. they don't have the beautiful play that is unique to arsenal.

edit: this what is wrong with r/soccer. someone expresses something other than neutrality and you downvote to oblivion. **we're supposed to have favorite teams here so of course i'm not going to say what the tottenham and manchester fans like. i'm not going to sit here and give a "neutral" opinion so i can get upvoted when i very clearly believe in the prowess of arsenal.**
that team was under an insane amount of pressure, not least because of all the death threats it was receiving.

a fantastic film about it all is "the two escobars". look it up sometime.

xoloscuintles de tijuana por favor.
this isn't a bad idea. does anyone know how much it would cost to purchase this club?

**edit:** so after looking at the website i found some of the sponsorship figures. stadium sponsorship costs roughly 32,000 dollars. if we only include members of /r/soccer, this comes out to roughly 3 dollars a person. that seems fairly reasonable.
saf is the glue.
i think glen johnson's a pretty good replacement.
just not at their website or you really will finish the club off with bandwidth fees....
that explains why you like madrid
&gt; you can't ever classify any fullback as "the best of his generation" if his nationality isn't brazilian.


maldini?  zanetti?  zambrotta?
not a club i like or probably will ever like...but i donated anyway just because i hate seeing any club die..
my germany jerseys are: euro 08 home (ballack), wc 06 home (schweinsteiger) and wc 11 home (lahm). been meaning to add wc 11 away with ozil, and also wanted a podolski and mertesacker sometime.

nevermind about my club jerseys
9 is many?
he'd ask kuyt to do it. 
[knee to the head, epl style](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpdarfdcm8q)
ding dong, the rat is dead
maybe if you only define "arsenal on a good day" as a day in which they beat united. mu didn't look particularly inspiring in december, but that didn't stop them from winning 1-0.

mu doesn't have beautiful play, because our midfield isn't very good. our great midfielders are old, and our new players haven't had time to gel. or they just suck, time will tell.
what was wenger thinking, putting walcott on that early?
someone should post this to r/reddit.com or askreddit. 
as a united fan, i would say that this is nostalgia speaking and, whilst neville had a few decent games towards the end of last season he was far from being one of the best right-backs in the league and he certainly didn't deserve an england call-up.  in his day, he was a quality player though; i have very fond memories of him and becks overlapping one another down the right flank, causing all sorts of problems for the opposition.  he was also superb at marking and, in his prime, very few players would get past him.
totally ignores the contract situation, which is that adam's contract expires in 18 months at which point he is worth 0.

he is eligible to sign a pre-agreement in 12 months time. so between now and next january, his transfer value will steadily decrease to zero. between now and being worth zero, there is a single transfer window - this upcoming summer.

if adam was on a 5 year contract, he would be worth around 15-20m pounds. working backwards, the fair valuation for his value in the window that just passed would be 4-5m - which is where aston villa and liverpool got their valuations from for their original bids. in the summer, they will be lucky to get 3-4m for him. 

if liverpool really did bid 10m for adam the other day, is it worth it to blackpool to potentially lose 6m in transfer value for the sake of playing an extra 14 games for them this year? they obviously decided that it is.

i think that blackpool are betting on there being an auction for adam in the summer. the problem there is that when a player has expressed a desire to leave, there is rarely an auction for his services. each club will bid 4-5m, have it accepted, and then it will be up to the player to decide which new contract he will sign and which club he will go to (it is looking like liverpool).

there is also the question of the player wanting to leave - which isn't really discussed. he earns a little over 10k per week, and has been one of the top 5 performers in the epl this year. blackpool even stuck him for a 25k bonus payment, which he took them to court for. most clubs accept that when a player wants to leave, they should leave - you won't get as much out of him as his mind will be elsewhere, and there is a net negative effect on the squad. could you imagine your own employer forcing you to come to work every day for an extra year to a job that you hate, when you have offers that are more lucrative? 

imo this is complete mis-management from blackpool. they should have accepted the 'bubble' offer of 10m and allowed their player to move on, and thanked him for his services to the club. holloway himself said that adam going to liverpool is a good move for his career, so it is sickening to hear that there were large verbal shouting matches between adam, holloway and the chairman about his future. i really feel for him.

(and those of you who argue that 'a contract is a contract' - it never is in football. clubs expect loyalty from players but in reality contracts are never run down. if adam wanted to stay, and blackpool got an offer of 25m, they would accept it in a heartbeat. this 'contract loyalty' only works in a single direction in football - players are bought and sold mid-contract all the time, it is the foundation of the transfer market)
nice.. where did you order it from?
i'd say based on recent form harry told him he's going to have to prove he can stay in goal or someone else is going to get a chance.....i'd say after today he can stay in goal (given the defense has been a complete piece of shit so it's not all gomes fault)
there is not a team in the world who wouldn't be buoyed by having him on their team...he's a class act. 
yeah we'll get our cl soon, but i guess the only consolation is 3 pl titles in the last 6 years, three out of the last four fa cups.  

sure we're ageing, but we have some young stars to build around.  have fun with that proven and battle tested andy carrol for 35 mil. 
i'm still sad that he didn't get the acclaim that he deserves. if he had just scored against spain ... he was one casillas  toe-poke away from being the world's greatest player. 
rafael, o'shea, brown, fletcher can all play there and i would be more comfortable with any of them on the pitch (even though i can't stand o'shea) than i was with neville.  he was a great player, but not any more, unfortunately.
arsenal please
i'm not sure about the specifics, but i think they redraw the champs league soon and they could end up facing eachother in the quarters just as easily as the semis.  if barca can manage to get past arsenal (that's me trying to stifle laughter).
then let's just disagree. i don't believe that is the nature of football. that's the nature of capitalism. and football have rules laid down by uefa. such as financial fair play.
he was a better defender than maicon.  obviously nothing on him attacking-wise but he was a superb defender in his day.


edit:  i don't get what's so bad about the video.  he doesn't do anything particularly out of order does he?  he might not be massively welcoming to schmikes but he's focused on the game and i imagine they would speak and see each other fairly regularly anyway if they were both pro footballers in manchester and ex team mates (for 8 years) to boot.
full highlights on french news starts at the 33 minute mark- http://jt.france2.fr/20h/ 
arabic commentary is awesome
www.worldsoccershop.com

i got the actual jersey for only 30$. was discounted from 120$. it was an additional 23$ for shipping and custom print on it. so 53$ for the jersey, you can't go wrong.
a shit-ton of manchester united jerseys (one home from 98-99, one away from 98-99, green keeper's jersey 98-99, the reversible gold/white one with beckham's name and number, two vodafone/nike, one giggs one from a couple years ago with the black stripe, one rooney (#8) one the first year they had aig as a sponsor (with the classic badge), and one blank away kit from that same year). the ones i've grown out of are nailed to my wall at home. 

also nailed: one colombia home, one england blue jersey from a long time ago, one england white jersey, one old juventus jersey (d+ sponsor).

other non-manchester united jerseys that aren't nailed up: one costa rica club team (liga deportiva de alajuela), one rooney england jersey from 2006 (#9), two colombian jerseys (yellow and blue). 

a philadelphia union jersey and a chicharito jersey are in the works!
 
as blunt as this is, it's completely correct. the uk has an over abundance of clubs that today's economic realities cannot support. moreover, the town of redditch has made very clear they are not interested in the team. 
hoops will be going nowhere anytime soon. 
roy keane only used it for less than ten minutes. i think you can put it to better use :)
http://www.euroclubindex.com/asp/ranking.asp

that's pretty much gospel to all football statistic nuts, or "soccernomics", will take a bit to see how the transfer window affects it, but in general it's pretty good for predicting games :)!
i'll coach.... i've got my international coaching license and everything...!!
simple cold water no tumble dry does the trick for mine. 
please don't remind me.
my summer was ruined.
98/99 milan #20 bierhoff
i don't know why, but i read your comment as if it were a poem. the ending rhymed so it payed off.
things in singapore have gone down the shitter since you left. starhub no longer televises matches, singtel does. not only is it 2 times more expensive to watch football, there are random outages to boot.
from what i gather, he made a half-hearted attempt to pull out of the challenge, but he did want to make contact with the defender, just to pay back for an earlier challenge perhaps?
a good day being one in which we have all our first team players. i am confident that our starting eleven would beat yours. 
there is the potential to have 4 clásicos in the matter of two weeks

april 5/6 - champions league quarterfinals first leg
april 12/13 - champions league quarterfinals first leg
april 17th - la liga @ madrid
april 20th - copa del rey final

the draw for the quarterfinals will be held march 18th. if they do get paired up in the quarter finals we will also find out that day if they will play each other in the semis which take place april 26/27 for the first leg and may 3/4 for the 2nd leg. 

going to be an exciting april for spanish football regardless. hopefully madrid can get some points back in the league to make it even more interesting. 
his attitude? biting other players?....i don't think that's a very good attitude personally. 


i'm about to go to the er if this now 9 hour long ear-to-ear shit eating grin doesn't go away soon. the fucking r/soccer picture of the day isn't helping any either. :d
arsenal please.  thanks friend!
i have one of those :p
did you see that ludicrous display last night?
you cant have been happy about the signing of kaka then.
damnit!  came here to say either, because it's funny and true
espn power rankings are based on statistics. on paper, utd. are a better team. you can't objectively rank teams on how beautiful their football is. and as a gooner it pains me to say this, but man utd do occasionally play some gorgeous football. nothing on arsenal of course, but that's not to say that we always have our shit together. this chemistry you're talking about creates the most incredible team play to watch anywhere (2nd maybe to barca) but sometimes it's just not there.
you, sir, deserve a thousand upvotes for supporting young boys.
shotgun center mid!
i can't help it i have one-itis.

if you're referring to suarez + caroll, they'll need time to learn how to play together. expectations will rise next year. especially since kenny has hinted more business in the summer. next year is when they'll be judged and whether liverpool really have turned over a new leaf. competition is gonna be incredibly high. man utd, chelsea, arsenal, city, spurs, liverpool. villa are improving too.

if torres + drogba, didier is nearly 33. torres will slowly but surely replace him as the main man. i anticipate torres to be the poacher and didier to drop off. if they click staight away, they're a serious threat to to anyone in the cl.
oh, the derby is in 9 days. i'm considering it.  i'm so out-numbered as a united supporter here in bodymore.   be great to get a rise out of all the citeh supporters.  not to mention, woolite is your friend.  none of my jerseys have been through the washing machine or dryer and they seem to be holding up wonderfully.  well, except for the chicharito jersey but that's a $20 knockoff, look's like i'll actually be giving the glazer$ money to replace it.

i've been trying to put together a collection of every jersey that united has worn in the last 30ish years with proper names and numbers for the 90's+ ones.  i'm getting there slowly but surely. 

edit: added last paragraph
is it robben or another player? home or away?
it's the same one (robben away). i also have another netherlands one from 06 wc home (so orange one w/ the collar) of van der vaart.
*vomits*
you're the first person to even notice/know the badge...or comment, rather, i guess. i'm a native berner living in the us. :)
all thanks to chelsea.
you don't say.
i know what the op thought he was trying to say.

but this is art. i'm free to interpret it as i like.
hrmmmm, where did you sit at the union-united match last summer? :p

the domain name was not the site. the site is still accessible through other domain names.
thanks! just bought an england jersey, prices are great. 
maybe its just me, but torres just doesn't look right in blue.
"hey wait, i run a delivery company, and stephane roux just called in sick..."
green bay home kit's my favourite. 
now can they do soccer kits as american football kits?
would you care to bestow the barca crest upon me?
well if you're going to compare him to carrol i think rossi is more worth the 35mil outlay.
i think mu could take on rm pretty easily.
just adding some things.

he's not worth 0 in 12 months. if he wants to be sold in next year's january window he can be. this would be so that the buying club got to use him for the end of the season. blackpool would be lucky to get 2 mil for him then, though. 

also, a player doesn't need to sign for a club, even if another club sells him. he can refuse to sign a contract with the new team.
liverpool had the entire transfer window to do what ever business they pleased. it's not chelsea's fault that torres wasn't enamored by 'king' kenny.
&gt; most of the games come down to "whoever screws up the least wins the game".

lol what? this is how every sport works.
what happens to the spanish super cup if the same team wins the league and the copa del rey?
how the hell did they get past monaco, brest and now sochaux?
we'll just put a big bag of money upfront then?

also, who are we going to be able to get in the summer as good as carroll?
&gt; imagine the federal government limiting the salary you can pay for a software engineer.

if the federal government was going to take an *honest* stance about how much employees are paid, especially in the software industry. i really doubt that they would be limiting the pay of software engineers and not increasing it. it's the executives and sales people who would see their pay limited under fair play rules.
this stat appeared about 30 seconds after they'd scored 2 in 6 minutes.
i have a bunch of various teams, including a hapoel haifa jersey i bought off my hatian friend for $20. the real prize, though, is a signed ronaldo (real ronaldo) real jersey that another friend gave me. sure, it's addressed to the wrong family (his), but i'm seriously thinking of framing it.
i have couple of jerseys 
1. fabregas '06. 
2. arshavin home and away '09
3.henry '02 '03 '04 
4. rvp jersey away 04 
5. away jersey for the season 08. 
6.bergkamp 02 
and couple of international jerseys including eduardo,klose,rvp and zidane 
what his dad says is just rediculous:

&gt; “blackpool are such a cheap-skate club. i don’t even think this is about money. it’s because charlie took them to a tribunal over the bonus they owed him. this is their pay-back. they are saying ‘you won’t make anything out of this, we have got you under contract’. liverpool’s offer is 13 times what blackpool paid for charles. and they are turning it down? they have been more than compensated for him already.
&gt;
mr oyston [the club chairman] has got to realise it is somebody’s life and future that he is dealing with here. i think it is petty. this should be a time for common sense to prevail. blackpool have been looking at other players. they could do without charlie.”

blackpool need him in the club if they plan on continuing their success in league. they may be in 13th place right now, but that's only seven points from the bottom. adam obviously has a major impact on this team and, if they had sold him in january, their chances of relegation would increase a great deal. liverpool made a late bid for adam and i believe that blackpool would not have been able to find a player suitable of taking up adam's roll on the team. waiting until summer for the transfer of charlie adam may knock his price down but it will give them time to find a replacement and have that replacement[s] build chemistry with the team. 

either way, without blackpool, adam would still be at rangers or on loan somewhere unimportant. he may have helped blackpool make it to the premier league, but without blackpool, liverpool would not be knocking. the father is the one that sounds petty, in my opinion.
waah our club has so much history why doesn't anyone care!? why don't we have good owners!?
uh torres will make $13million a year which isn't that far off from nba salaries. the highest being kobe at $24 mil, with torres making about as much as the 27-30th highest salaries in the nba. footballers also make quite a bit in bonuses, which i don't believe nba players get.

so no nfl/nba players do not make 3x as much as footballers*

(*comparing the big stars to the big stars)
bitter are we.
yep. that's probably the only nice thing i can say about him as well. 
you don't want to do that. the internet is fickle and would soon lose interest. it's not fair to the team if they suddenly get bought with £50,000 in the bank only to be dropped like a bad smell when they need more money and their owners have left them
i apologize for the behavior of the other rovers fans
no it doesn't. what the uk does have is an abundance of money at the top level, that is not filtered down the system as it should be. redditch should not be kept alive through the benevolence of a bigger club, of course. but equally, there is money in the game that is siphoned off by those who have no need of it. £50m on one player ffs?!?!

a club at a similar level as redditch went under last week. 3/4 of torres' first week's pay would have kept windsor and eton, their fans, their history, their community, alive for the rest of the season. football should not be an environment of survival of the fittest, and to blithely dismiss any club that goes under as no loss so utterly and completely misses the point of the structure of the game as to not be worth explaining.

and before anyone says otherwise, i don't for one moment begrudge any player whatever they can fleece out of the money-grabbing clubs. i'm not naive enough to think the above example would be workable in real life. but it highlights the ridiculous position english football finds itself in.
hitting the ball in-stride, left foot, while running is no simple task my friend. nani's cross was fantastic though. i can't wait for valencia to be back so we have that coming from both sides. 
ha thank god he dint tattoo a players name, you never know..
i encountered one football blogger who was a bit miffed by your team. 

he was feeling rather high about his entire project. he'd just started it for fun really, but over time the number of page-views started growing, and growing, and suddenly he had 15,000 hits weekly. holy shit, his little toy project for random ramblings about football had taken off. in the blogosphere, he was now a man about town.

so he started looking into the numbers. what did they all come from? what could be improved to attract even more readers?  
it turned out that 14,700 out of his 15,000 hits, originated from his section of scorelines and goal scorers from various european leagues, the swiss super league being one of them.  
actually, it seemed as if the people who hit this website, tended to come from google, having searched for "young boys".  

it took about two seconds before it dawned on him that these page-views didn't stem from swiss super league aficionados from the bern-area. it originated from something far more sinister.  
feeling a little sick to his stomach, he took down the section with the results from the swiss super league, and let his blog fade slowly into irrelevance amongst the other football blogs with a couple of readers.
just think of all that money they'll have to play with. kerching!!!!
"product not found or no longer available"
i think number 1 and 2 in the league play against each other. just like in the community shield.
that is bizzzzzzzarre
...aaaaaaaaaand i just realized that we are the master trolls of the football world.
milan guy was exxagerating, you got a bruise in your forehead, your legs work fine jeez. it wasn't that hard of a hit but it was really "scratchy" for some reason, metal legguards? lol
the situation is not exactly the same at all, we have a very generous owner who has put the money we have loaned from him into a holding company separate from the ltd company that owns the club, yes abramovich could ask for the money back one day, if the club starts making money or if he decides to sell but asides from that we seem to be be debt free. asides from the financial side of things abramovich attends every game he can and is often filmed showing emotion over the teams fortunes.

manchester united were bought by debt assigned against the clubs assets and are currently paying interest on those loans out of their healthy turnover. from wikipedia;  in january 2010, the club carried out a successful £500 million bond issue. as of march 2010 the piks stand at around £207 million. the club also has a gross debt of £520 million with £45 million in annual interest payments. 
the glazers actual involvement with their club is minimal all they seem to care about is profit, probably why so many manchester united fans dislike the current ownership of their club.

i think to be fair both clubs will be fine under the rules, but the situation is different in terms of involvement of the owners, your point about forcing the glazers to take less money out is interesting i thought the majority of money coming out of the club was to service debts.
i think blackpool know they'll have to let him go in the summer for less than 10m. the issue is timing. the offers came in late, leaving blackpool no time to scramble to find a suitable replacement for their best player, if one could even be found for whatever they would've received for adams.

as is, the relative worth of adams to blackpool far exceeds his value to any potential suitors. he'll get his payday in the summer and blackpool will stay up with plenty of time to reconfigure their squad for the next campaign. it's not mis-management, it's the smart move.
a description of what the shirt looks like would help a lot.
wow. even linda blair couldn't boast that stat in _the exorcist_.
how do you think mourinho will play against barça? i expect him to be cagey and maybe cynical. 
chelsea had he entire transfer window to do whatever business they pleased. it's not king kenny's fault that roman's roubles are available but once a month.
financial fair play is only going to keep the established order of things. football will still be a corporate exercise, but only a few clubs will be able to engage because they are in champions league spots. there's a good article against ffp [here.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-1352649/martin-samuel-fair-play-roman-75m-reaches-needy.html#ixzz1clflyegh)
cristiano always plays with desire, just not always the right desire. i often think that his desire for personal glory blots out his desire for team glory. yesterday pandiani said that when they were arguing at halftime of osasuna ronaldo asked him "how much money do you make?" it's not the worst thing ever said, but it gives an idea of what cristiano thinks is important.

i love ozil and wish barça would have signed him...
**oh, no! not the bees! not the bees! aaaaahhhhh!**
runner-up of the copa del rey plays the champions. athletic bilbao appeared against barca in 2009. 
the glazers are taking out more than is needed to service the debt. they are taking a profit and paying off the debt simultaneously.
i think it should be mike ashley behind that barrel.
phew! with the wenger photo in the thumbnail, i thought that this team was the next place for him to scout a new cb from.
anyone know of a good stream site for usa?
?
trinidad and tobago that i bought for going to see them in wc 2006 and a germany top from the airport just before i left

switzerland that i bought in euro 2008

falkirk and scotland - just because
his name was akbar (=great) zeb (=dick).
now abramovich should buy man united.
test
said cross town rival's net spending in the last 5 years has been second only to manchester city:

 # | 2006 - 2011 | purchased gross | sold | nett | per season
:------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:------------: 
 1 | manchester city | £455,670,000 | £55,050,000 |£400,620,000 |£80,124,000 
 2 | tottenham | £230,300,000 | £135,100,000 |£95,200,000 |£19,040,000 
 3 | aston villa | £142,850,000 | £67,650,000 |£75,200,000 |£15,040,000 
 4 | liverpool | £218,240,000 | £155,280,000 |£62,960,000 |£12,592,000 
 5 | sunderland | £122,850,000 | £64,725,000 |£58,125,000 |£11,625,000 
 6 | stoke city | £54,725,000 | £10,920,000 |£43,805,000 |£8,761,000 
 7 | west ham | £105,070,000 | £68,225,000 |£36,845,000 |£7,369,000 
 8 | fulham | £63,675,000 | £28,875,000 |£34,800,000 |£6,960,000 
 9 | bolton | £52,150,000 | £26,750,000 |£25,400,000 |£5,080,000 
 10 | wolves | £33,525,000 | £8,225,000 |£25,300,000 |£5,060,000 
 11 | chelsea | £123,500,000 | £101,800,000 |£21,700,000 |£4,340,000 
 12 | west bromwich albion | £46,585,000 |£27,560,000 |£19,025,000 |£3,805,000 
 15 | everton | £64,750,500 | £48,250,000 |£16,500,500 |£3,300,100 
 14 | manchester united | £164,300,000 |£150,850,000 |£13,450,000 |£2,690,000 
 15 | birmingham city | £64,875,000 | £53,850,000 |£11,025,000 |£2,205,000 
16 |blackpool |£3,700,000 | £250,000 |£3,450,000 |£690,000 
17 |wigan  |£57,900,000 | £60,200,000 |-£2,300,000 |-£460,000 
18 |blackburn rovers | £38,752,000 |£47,290,000 |-£8,538,000 |-£1,707,600 
19 |newcastle |£63,100,000 | £75,150,000 |-£12,050,000 |-£2,410,000 
20 |arsenal | £85,150,000 | £113,000,000 |-£27,850,000 |-£5,570,000


source: http://www.transferleague.co.uk/league-tables/2006-2011.html

i'm glad that suarez did stop the ball from going in.  it might have been viewed as despicable by many but i guarantee you most people would have done the same had they been in the same position for their country.
i wonder what will be the next football-related thing dubai/qatar... clubs are gonna buy... :/
reminds me of calais (4th tier team) getting to the final back in 2000. lovely story. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999%e2%80%932000_coupe_de_france
i was at that game \o/
i was fully hoping that this would be a 'torres' liverpool shirt.
on a "good day" any one can be beat...trick is to to win on a "bad day"
apparently he said 
*how much have you been paid?*

http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/blog/2011/feb/03/cesc-fabregas-arsenal-reputation
it's kind of hard to describe it phonetically.  for his last name it would be 
nuhiu (new he oo) and for his first name it would be atdhe (aht theh*).
* the second "h" is soft.
i thought the issue was ibra wasn't performing because he couldn't "fit into the system" at barcelona.  maybe it was a load of crap, but certain players like certain systems right?
what the hell was that? why aren't they running off the field? very bizarre.
van der sar publicly said that he was disliked, think it was on a socceram interview.

he might have a good work ethic, but that isn't a good attitude.
still can't believe how fast gillespie looked. his running technique looked a bit special though.
it would be better to sponsor their shirt or their stadium. it wouldn't involve such a big commitment as buying the club.

edit: corrected typo
yeah, i was just talking to a friend who was bitching about mio. i thought competition (well, "competition") was supposed to make things better for us?

there really needs to be a legal streaming alternative online. i'd even deal with ads and stuff - i just want to be able to watch some damn football.
he was extremely solid and didn't make mistakes, and there's no doubt he was a good on- and off-pitch leader.  i think saf valued those (extremely important) qualities.  but in terms of skill, pace, and ability on the wing, he was well behind sagna.  just a fact.
well, i'll give you my thoughts.

rangers needed strikers. kenny miller's gone and james beattie / kyle lafferty haven't been up to par so they got diouf on loan.

blackburn lose a liability and rangers get someone with a history of antagonising their arch rivals (and who is talented).

if walter smith can keep him under control like he says he can, it could be win/win.
cue: fabregas's pinpoint pass to walcott who sprints ahead with just the goalkeeper to beat (who is sprawled on the floor at the far corner having injured himself) but walcott inexplicably chooses to square it to an onrushing bendtner who takes one too many touches before the defender calmly dispossess him off the ball.

edit: typo
i think this is mainly because the revenue in football has to be shared with a much larger group than any of these other sports dude to the popularity of football. 
it would be nice if liverpool fans could follow the example of their manager and see that no-one player is bigger than their club 
every year a team create this kinda performance, but calais was huge, making it to the final...
kinda player you love when you support mu and you hate when you don't support mu. but gotta respect his carreer and his dedication.
you do know that we won in europe before liverpool right? against real madrid no less, 1971
jt will actually be paid the same, he has a clause in his contract which means his wage matches the highest paid player in the squad.
weird i thought rooney's dad supported everton...
fuck off spurs ;) just because 'arry couldn't bung an envelope at anyone before 11pm
£170k a week according to reports
in which clubs play sheen and cruise?
van bommel &amp; zlatan ?
only spurs.
awesome, where can i get one of these?
that would definitely make for a more exciting league, but personally i think they're out of it.  the surest way for real to have even a *chance* of taking the league is to win the next clasico, and they just don't seem to be playing on the same level as barca this season.
who cares anyway, it's virtual and not like he's earned 5 billions from it.

woooo you stole virtual credit, you should go to virtual prison. thief!
you could not make this shit up.
i agree, i understand adam sr's frustration on this but it's up to the club to decide whether they're going to sell or not, and at what price. having said that, liverpool's interest was clear and bids were rejected long before the close of the window. blackpool would have done better by everyone if they'd set a price earlier (say, £10m-£12m seems fair for all parties) and stuck to it, looking for replacements in the meantime. 

still, their priority's obviously to ensure survival; if this is what they think is going to do it, fair enough. i'm just an annoyed liverpool fan, really. 
if you look at all the numbers, the club only spent 2m, which is small change for a revitalized atmosphere, dropping a player that didn't want to be there, and gaining 2 players that can't possible be worse than babel. factor in lowered wages, and money is made back in the next year. 
but if you did, it could only really be about spurs or newcastle. 
a very interesting read. i understand what you are saying, and i like the notion of the trickle down effect - the fact that when the big clubs pay big sums for players in small clubs, the smaller ones get more to spend - giving way to more purchases later. 

still i don't believe that i would be on too deep waters by stating the fact that big money buys inflates the market everywhere. sure, a few small clubs get more money to buy for, but at the same time the prices of all players go up. and the more money that is pumped into the game, the more of an agent business becomes salient. in turn this contributes to higher salaries, higher transfer fees and higher percentages of deals to go elsewhere than to players and clubs. 

taking your article in hand, it's fair to say i'm a bigger supporter of the idealistic incentive behind financial fair play than ffp as it's being practiced.

my question though is this, do you not agree with the notion that football would benefit from financial restriction? ffp might not be the solution, but some regulations could in my opinion contribute to the game in a positive way. 
it's best to contact the club directly!
i like the idea of setting up a paypal account for donations!
would be most welcommed!
cheerio!
physics, how the fuck does it work?
quick reddit, hire this guy to make the next redditch united kit, complete with reddit logo and trollface on the back.
can't wait. although still some way to go:
&gt; although advocate general kokott's opinion is not binding, judges usually follow the guidance from the advocate.
&gt;still i don't believe that i would be on too deep waters by stating the fact that big money buys inflates the market everywhere.

doing my degree in economics, and i can't tell you how many times i've pointed out that inflation doesn't really make sense in the transfer market because it is completely under control. there's no gradual, year on year increase that can be affected by the tightening of fiscal controls within a governing body. transfer fees are, literally, what team a will pay and team b will accept. if both parties are in agreement, even if the price is absolutely ridiculous, then that's that. 

the reason players cost more nowadays is because of the gulf in money received depending on your place in the premier league. for instance, if buying a striker for £35 mil on a 5 season contract got you the goals and put you into the champs league spots, you'd earn about £20 million extra a year from the television rights, assuming you made it half-way through the knock out stages. it's a good investment by anyone's standards, especially so if you get to the final pretty much every year. frankly, fifa have caused this situation by allowing so much money to be put into the game in the first place, and i think that the ffp is being put into place because they simply hate the premier league and want to rein it in (call me crazy, but many agree.)

&gt;my question though is this, do you not agree with the notion that football would benefit from financial restriction?

yes, i do, but the *right* kind of restriction. i'd rather there were an independent committee that would value players and set limits on what players can be sold for, so teams could always have options and players wouldn't be forced out of their clubs because of the transfer fee the club would receive (a la andy carroll, if you believe him.)

salaries, i think, should have a hard cap or be taxed like no-ones business. let football contribute to the economy, and persecute people like wayne rooney and gareth barry who pay their salaries through their own companies, taking advantage of a 2% income tax instead of paying full tax.
hate to point this out but [vela did the same thing last season](http://sports.yahoo.com/soccer/blog/dirty-tackle/post/carlos-vela-couldn-t-play-against-barca-because-?urn=sow-232800)

&gt; vela's agent eduardo hernandez said: "carlos did not find his passport.

yeah, except those two.  i don't think the teletubbies could cancel out the negativity that is didier drogba.
i think i've seen that. i think you're talking about a fake talksport interview. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt_wgpyfx4q
do you feel the same way about other forms of blatant cheating, like diving?
&gt;they don't have the beautiful play that is unique to arsenal

[brilliant,](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/unique) considering your 'beautiful play' is based on barcelona. 


so hopefully we will be able to watch some sat 3pm kickoff games live now. fuck you sky
&gt;the full squad, including shirt numbers, registered by the club with uefa is as follows:

&gt;goalkeepers: van der sar (1), kuszczak (29), lindegaard (34); defenders: evra (3), ferdinand(5), brown w (6), smalling (12), vidic (15), fabio* (20), rafael* (21), o'shea (22), evans j (23), gill* (45); midfielders: anderson (8), giggs (11), park (13), carrick (16), nani (17), scholes (18), fletcher (24), valencia (25), gibson (28), norwood* (47); forwards: owen (7), berbatov (9), rooney (10), hernandez (14), obertan (26), bebe (33), king* (41), keane w* (48).

surprised bebe is on the list.
can get nova cards and al jazeera sport cards and for the 3pms' you might need a motorised dish

a decent setup would be around 200 - 250

some local independent sat installers could help you out
do it, can you authenticate it?  
doesn't this just mean that the premier league will sell the rights only to sky, who will then be distributing it across all of europe? seems like this is actually going to make all those nova cards useless. sky or whoever buys the rights will have an even more secure monopoly than before.
united do this week in, week out 
and i'm confident our best 11 would beat yours on a good day. it's called being a fan.
holy shit. there is a sat provider more expensive than nova?
that would hopefully be shot down for anti-competitive behavior.
so true. even liverpool seem to have sorted their shit out with kenny.
my point still stands. brazilian fullbacks are something else entirely.
the gerrard - lampard debate wouldn't have been an issue for england if he was fit, a shame.
john terry.
why? they are allowed to sell rights exclusively within the uk/france/spain individually now, and all this ruling says is that you must sell european wide licenses instead of individual ones. so maybe they have to sell some to setanta too, at best i see this ending up with two or three providers for all of europe. maybe there is a facet of the ruling i'm missing but it doesn't seem that way.
before i start, i think the everton goal should have been disallowed. but i can see where the linesman is coming from, and he had a good look at it.

ball got played, saha was offside, but it was a poor pass and even though i can't tell 100% from the camera angles, it doesn't look like it was going to reach saha. if the arsenal player had left it, and saha had gone for it, that would be offside. but as it was, saha was 'not affecting play' (i disagree again, more on that in a bit) at the time the ball was played by the everton player.

but the arsenal player did touch it, changed the course of the ball and it went into sahas path. at which point saha became involved in play, because the ball was heading to him, but as it came of a defender it was onside, so it was given as on.

again, i disagree, any player that is on the pitch is affecting play. it pisses me off in my sunday league when the ref gives decisions based on players 'not affecting play' any decent defender is aware of what is going on around him, and is not about to leave a player unmarked just because they think they might be in an offside position. so any attacker, offside or on, is affecting play because the defenders actions + position are being affected by the 'offside' player, who will be onside any second.

hard to explain, but these rules need tidying up. the whole 'affecting play' thing is wooly, surely the only way a player isn't affecting play is if he is off the pitch.

pains me to stick up for arsenal, especially considering the way their players take bad decisions, but i think it shouldn't have stood.

oh, that book full of fiction?
spurs legend!
physics is just a theory.
&gt; manchester united's ownership shifts to delaware

shifting ownership to delaware is a standard practice. there's nothing implicitly sinister about it.

the reason is that delaware has laissez-faire corporations/partnership laws that allow companies more flexibility in drafting their constitutions.

&gt; "we don't know who the directors of red football llc are, or who its shareholders are"

manchester united has been listed on the stock exchange for 20 years now. shifts in ownership and directorship are a natural part of this. if it weren't for its listing, manchester united would be nowhere near the force that it is today. i think it's a bit disingenuous for fans to happily accept the benefits of broadened ownership while simultaneously protesting it (like those hilarious manchester united: not for sale banners).
sky will be raging
what's stopping you? anyway, i guess i'll go do it.

the post is [here](http://redd.it/feh2y), upvote please!
blackpool should have stuck to their guns, and said 'we don't want to sell him half way through the season, we will sell him in the summer if he still wants to go'.

liverpool should have met the asking price with the first bid, you're going to piss a club off bidding for their best player half way through the season, especially when you attempt to get them on the cheap.

can i join you, we can be like xavi and iniesta.
love these kinds of stories. fantastic!
atdhe.me really is atdhe.net?

http://88.80.11.29/ is their ip, they say that they are using atdhenet.tv and that any other site isn't theirs
&gt; barcelona have some devoted disciples in east asia

i have lived in both china and japan and this is just the way that good east asian sides play football. i grew up playing against chinese, japanese and korean teams that always played like this, and can definitively say that it has absolutely nothing to do with barcelona.

asian footballers are smaller than european/african footballers on average, which means that they are usually weaker and slower. they make up for this with commitment to technique and fitness, which among serious players are always first-class.
oh city are interested in buying again.
lower subscription pricing, lower tv deals, lower wages, fewer top players,  lower tv deals, lower wages, fewer top players,  lower tv deals, lower wages, fewer top players,  lower tv deals, lower wages, fewer top players,  lower tv deals, lower wages, fewer top players, bundesliga. better, cheaper end result.
oh god, it was a pretty nice goal and everything.
a2 follows from a1, b2 follows from b1.
he's back in business - bayern played way better football when he returned a few weeks ago. to see robben and müller play together is wonderful.
exactly. i believe that a uk court can still fine you, and enforce the fine.
i'd buy an arsenal ass brush.
a few more [here](http://boards.sportslogos.net/index.php?s=b2480fad868901bdeb943713abc5f84a&amp;showtopic=77520&amp;st=60)
hopefully not for players who injure themselves being drunk in casinos though.
conspicuously absent from the list: ashley cole.
wait, you can see the article? are you in the uk?
you are? you should do an ama

**self wooosh**
this is damn badass!
it's probably under some medical paperwork, which will mean that he will likely never find it.
not exactly iconic. why not just show him taking it round the whole team and then passing it to his team mate for a tap in.
great little story there. reminds me of when chesterfield nearly (and should have) made it to the fa cup final. 
or ermmm, just watch it online?


&gt; but the arsenal player did touch it, changed the course of the ball and it went into sahas path. at which point saha became involved in play, because the ball was heading to him, but as it came of a defender it was onside, so it was given as on.

this doesn't come down to whether he was interfering with play. 'interfering with play' is merely one kind of offside offence, along with 'interfering with an opponent' (most typically by obstructing the goalkeeper's vision) and 'gaining an advantage by being in that [offside] position'.

gathering a rebound from a defender while offside is the paradigmatic example of 'gaining an advantage'. the old concept of defenders 'playing attackers onside' by touching the ball was removed by fifa directive in 1995. it used to be that the offence was 'seeking to gain an advantage', but now it's just 'gaining an advantage'.
exactly.
"a" and "b" refer to the different scenarios.

"1" and "2" refer to the different timeframes within each scenario.

it breaks up the analysis into (1) was the player offside? (2) did he commit an offence while he was offside?
there's a notion that bees only see things in motion.
i'd play injured hargreaves before healthy bebe any day.
this [cracked](http://www.cracked.com/article_18912_6-animals-humanity-accidentally-made-way-scarier.html) article mentions the cross-breeding of bees to produce a more aggressive species that is slowly taking over central america.
kenny miller played for rangers, celtic and then rangers again. 

and paul ince later played for liverpool. 
&gt;'seeking to gain an advantage', but now it's just 'gaining an advantage'.

that settles it then, definite offside and a cock up from the linesman.
[fernando torres produced a striker's masterclass](http://soccernet.espn.go.com/report/_/id/293158?cc=5901)
except when they don't agree, like last weekend :)
well, this is odd, in the sense that i hear a lot of people dying to buy them. but i think in terms of design, the actual nfl shirts look better, since they don't have corporate logos plastered all over them. anyone with me on this?
what stripes logo?
i think it would have to be like an anual membership to the ownership of some sorts, idk, it is just an idea, but to be honest i would totally pay like $ 20 a year (they are a really small club) to be a club owner.

edit: i see what you mean though.
the new york times? wow, i'm impressed.


i think this is where the montage with '80s music kicks in...
i was more of a 'meh' about the kaka signing, for all the hype madrid gets with their signings i'm usually weary.  on the other hand i kinda liked the carvalho pickup and he's an old timer.
i was thinking more into some some kinda of annual fee/ownership to be an owner, sorta like what barcelona has.but i do see your point. 
the nfl and other "professional" sports teams could buy their own stadiums (build smaller, save longer, etc) but they have no incentive to since the government "gives" them their stadiums.
i was thinking more like $20 a year, we can actually buy the guys some shirts for pete's sake!.
in the consultation between the referee and his assistant, it looked to me like the assistant was saying "he was offside, but then it touched a defender".

which makes the decision far worse than if he had merely thought that he was onside.
and this is exactly the reason why i don't find the nfl, nhl, or mlb interesting anymore.
that seemed to be his final audition for chelsea. we were all wondering how come he suddenly looked up for that game and were delighted with him, but now his sudden change of performance for that game makes perfect sense.
i think if you look at the big picture rather than the little one ie. carrol's price, it makes more sense.  lfc made a killing off torres, but at the same time brought in two great guys that can lead an attack.  they might have paid a premium, but i think that's the price you pay for the gamble especially since torres bought you some wiggle room.
&gt;[defoe] upset the west ham faithful further by joining spurs - the team that the east londoners hate more than any other.*

um....i'm not really sure this article did ~~any~~ enough research.
[relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjbrnqwdpru)
not that you had problem scoring against us :-i
barcelona (messi)

ac milan (unnamed)

greece (one of their defenders, i forgot his name)

brazil jersey (#7)
arsenal!
the point is that andy carroll is having a great year, but this is his only great year, whereas torres is an established football star who is having a rough time returning to form after injury.

kind of like wayne rooney, who is now returning to form. 
this is a crappy list. there's no way campbell's betrayal had more effects than figo's. also, laudrup.
felt like it. i haven't worn anything but the adam johnson in awhile because it's so damn comfortable. 
the falcons "clash" is gorgeous. as a ne fan would definitely buy the pats kit.
that's for damn sure...to think who we could have got for around the same money is gross.  but that is life.
zlatan is completely dominating the serie a, and is carrying milan on his back. it's pretty amazing. 
they've overhauled almost the entire team in the last 2 years and won 6 games year. i think they're headed in the right direction.
first of all, i was taking into account taxes...where europe's are significantly higher than america's. secondly, 13m and 24 m are still a long ways off, you got my general point why are you heckling. 

i was going off some article i read a while ago of the top 20 paid sports players, and ronaldo+messi were like 17 and 19. but the article included sponsorship deals and bonuses, bringing up huge numbers for american athletes.
dc united
not really an option if you're running a pub, is it. 

i believe the fines received for doing that would be rather interesting.
oh, haters are interested in hating again
figo needs to be number one! a pig's head!! come on!!
fancy a rematch? (this would be awesome on so many levels)
...it was meant to be sarcastic
intriguing.  and think about the shirt sales if their logo was simply a reddit alien.
not having an arsenal  crest ruins the stetic in this thread.
chelsea fc pl0x
and you stayed at a holiday inn last night.
i presume your customers would rage if you played a crappy atdhe stream on the 1080p screens in the pub.
welcome to several months ago.

http://www.reddit.com/r/redditch/comments/chj6d/redditch_united_football_club_sponsorship_do_you/

http://www.reddit.com/r/redditch/comments/f9eea/first_reddit_jersey/
i was too slow to take a pic of this on my phone lol
glad someone else got it tho (y)
suarez and hernandez, good to see these guys playing for big leagues and making big impacts.
yes i can see the article.
liverpool please 
nando's been known to have made an [ad](http://www.101greatgoals.com/videodisplay/1999748/) or two.
man u alone in the last...3? games have had a lot of face/head injuries.
classic football shirts charges a premium because almost all those jerseys are still in new condition. i agree though that most times ebay would be better, i'll gladly pay 1/3 of the price and then send it to the dry cleaner
just got this years aston villa away kit, long sleeved with ashley youngs name and #7 (super awesome) i also have a barca jersey from 08 and a argentina jersey from this last world cup.
i think the bbc is missing the point with this story. i don't think this woman bought a greek decoder cause she didn't want to pay for sky or espn. i think she bought it so she wasn't affected by the 15:00 blackout.
i was thinking just this as i was going over possible formations of the squad to come. i'd say we have four names that can worry people up fron: gerrard, miereles, suarez, carroll (when he is ready). not to mention kuyt is showing great improvement as well as kelly doesn't hurt as well. also, the fact that we have one of the best, most loyal goal keepers every will probably be another reason why we should see vast improvements from here on out.
it is not crazy. it's because he's english, so naturally his price triples. 
he is a class act, for sure. can he stay injury free is the question.
i don't think sky is responsible for the 15:00 blackout. i think that's something the fa or the premier league ruled on.

i always try and seek out a game on sky sports if its available. i know my reasoning is going to sound stupid, but the score graphic takes up very little real-estate on screen, which i enjoy. same cannot be said for fsc (it's a little absurd how that can get sometimes). this is why if i missed a match during the world cup, i would seek out the motd live broadcast of the game, since their score graphic takes up almost no space on the screen.
i've never understood this. i have sky calcio and i have more games on a saturday afternoon than espn/sky sports uk combined.
umm...michael owen?

i know it wasn't a direct liverpool --&gt; manchester united, and took about 9-10 years to complete that "saga", but it still happened nonetheless.

edit: let me clarify my point. the point of this post isn't "liverpool would be better off without michael owen given his current skill level" or the fact that it was the only work he could get back in england. my point was to point out that a liverpool player (and a damn good one at the time) went to manchester united.
exactly. i'd much prefer the league to be like the bundesliga. what's the point in having all these players on hideous wages if it's prohibitively expensive to go and watch and watch on tv. the germans manage to sustain a good quality league that's much, much better for the fans.
i think it's a bit of both. sky's prices are horrendously expensive for pubs.
a pound from every subscriber?
i see the point when they talk about football "traitors", but some people take it too far. as a fan we support the team/shirt first and the players only whilst they play in that shirt. too many supports try to look for their unwavering devotion to a team in the players themselves. i think this list and many others shows that this is a folly. it is indeed rare that you get a le tissier, gary neville or maldini that play their entire career at a single club. it annoys me that people use such horrible terms to describe a player for just doing what is best for them. no-one would like it if they were told they could not leave their job for a rival firm and more money, and if they did they would be labeled a judas or traitor.
i concur with beckenbauers analysis: that was a sign that the team still is a vivid group and therefore it is a good thing :)
i came on here to make a similar point, only to find you've phrased it perfectly. this, exactly this. people need to accept that football is a career for these people, and just like anybody else they want to do what's best for their career.
at the moment, yes...
they need to get an internet based one... snail mail = d:
when the shirt arrived, did you immediately grab your knee and fall to the ground screaming in agony and pain? 
i agree with that, but it certainly showed his potential.  and if what you said is correct, and he is where he wants to be now, one would think he'd put in a few more performances like that.  
corner seats next to the sons of ben with my united shirt, scarf, and flag. got better seats the next week in houston and espn even caught me for a couple seconds waving my flag around. 
this may be true, but england still has carrick. forever overlooked! he is a very good dm and can expertly cover for the back 4. lampard is a very good passer and gerrard can run at the defence with the ball. england is missing out big time by not selecting carrick!
west ham hates everyone
i'd totally rock the lions one, and i hate the nfl.
i like you.
thank you for the kind welcome!  
he's still available to select in fifa so i'm just going to ignore real life from now on.
this list is crap. i've never heard of ronaldo being hated in madrid, barcelona, or milan. i do always wonder if figo will ever be able to go back to barcelona. 
not if the eu rules in the landlady's favour. precedent set. sky fucked.
the times also have a pretty good [soccer blog](http://goal.blogs.nytimes.com/).
no they aren't. to abide with competition law the epl were forced to split the uk rights into three packages last time around. they won't be allowed to sell the uk rights as a single lot, never mind rights for the entire eu.
huh, i'll have to look into that. what does that actually do for you? i absolutely believe him - he's from madrid and used to go to watch real practice all the time. he gave me this jersey basically because he already had zidane, figo, roberto carlos, etc.
it was only 35 million because of the torres sale.  torres was our talismanic striker.  suarez was not his replacement, only a compliment.  once torres left, we needed a replacement striker, and we only had... what... 3 days to do it?

adam would have definitely strengthen our squad, but i'm not sure he would've even started.  we already have a good amount of central midfielders.  i have a feeling he'll come to pool for less than 10m in the summer anyway... that is if he still performs
i'd buy the shit out of those.
still that's like i said three packages. but individual games will still be on individual on a single provider, no?
come on man. you just saw one match of his in which he screwed up. he needs time.
yes, but that hasn't happened yet, has it?

which is the whole point.
fat ron never stayed long enough to endear himself to fans; i suppose he always seemed rather mercenary, little wonder why fans didn't throw their usual strops.
it's standard procedure to lay flat on the ground facing down and cover the back of your neck with your hands when you meet swarms of bees. learned this when i was in a uniform group in secondary school.
i was just as surprised how pato got to the pass initially
is there any reason why the referee seems to be attacked the most? is it because he's wearing yellow? he had to be saved by other people - kudos to them.
it's less meaningful though because he's been pretty average since he left liverpool. if he was still at the top of his game, scoring regularly for united, that would be a different story.
[i think this list it's more complete](http://www.soccerphile.com/soccerphile/players/traitors.html) but ashley cole is not there either
it wasn't upheld the court was a advised to rule in her favour in a non binding opinion they can still do what they want 
yep. thanks for the link. kind of proves my point that utd have spent a fair bit in big chunks over the years. not begrudging that, it is just slightly aggravatiing that we city are generally tagged with ruining football by inflating the market ridiculously.

silly money has been fashionable for some time.
agreed. naturally we have a special place for gary neville in our hearts. if sky take him on watching football on the telly will be ruined for me.
lol...torres doesn't do shit in liverpool and now he's a traitor
i didn't know this. no wonder he gets left out of the squad so often.
wait ... are we talking about a real, *proper* wall, or just the graphic on that page?
the problem with arsenal is that no one can do any headers safe for song and chamakh. also no one really dribbles, and no one ever takes any shots outside the fucking box!

edit: also, they are always take 90 minutes to warm up then play amazing for the last 3-4 minutes of extra time.
you did well getting a ticket. the only time i've managed to got to ot is for the fa cup when loads of tickets available.

that and the times i worked in food stand in the stretford end. but that is a different story for another time. all i'll say is, three city fans working the only food stand in the stretty end...
urm no it's not. a fan can know his team sucks but shows up at the stadium anyway. and idiot argues his side is fantastic when it can't do a god damn thing.
from wikipedia in case anyone needs the exact rule:

**offside offence**

a player in an offside position at the moment the ball is touched or played  by a team-mate is only committing an offside offence if, in the opinion of the referee, he becomes actively involved in play by

* interfering with play - playing or touching the ball

* interfering with an opponent - preventing the opponent from playing the ball by obstructing the player's sight or intentionally distracting the opponent

* *gaining an advantage by being in an offside position - playing the ball after the ball has rebounded off the goal, the goalkeeper, or any opponent*

i learn something new about football everyday =)
liverpool could have easily got him back and i'm sure he would have wanted to go there. 
i always thought this was one of the nicest looking kits out there. the front is awesome
this just in: reina spotted getting on helicopter for manchester! 
to do that you would only have to register yourself as a club member, and pay the fee.
one can never have too many kits. although you have more than this thread combined, i don't think anyone would pass up the chance to check out that closet.

tevez (man city): 08/09 baby blue
podolski euro 2008
villa (2007 - valencia): black with orange... oh i miss him
[fifa: laws of the game 2010/11](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/affederation/generic/81/42/36/lawsofthegame_2010_11_e.pdf)

offside is law 11

there is also a presentation by fifa [here](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/afdeveloping/refereeing/5.%20law%2011_554.pdf)
i have a neutral stance against city, that just has been your transfer policy for the past few years.
**no offence**

there is no offside offence if a player receives the ball directly from:

• a goal kick

i've been watching football for 6 years and i did not know this @@.
dunno why you're being downvoted for speaking the truth. i think most would agree that he is not liked by anyone but utd fans.

we are talking about a man who tried to organise a player strike over ferdinand's drug test ban. amongst other things... 

he's been named in the 25 man premier league squad so that's encouraging! saf has recently said that he's making great progress in recovery.
barcelona are just copy cats anyway.
i got a pretty sweet deal for the nhl playoffs last year as well. really cheap and i could get it in hd - although i was on a shitty network at the time. 
i agree they are not playing at the same level, but weird things can happen. real could find their form, barca could pick up a few injuries, who knows. there is still 17 league games left to play. not over yet
until every 4th word in your intro to business notebook appears as 'shit!' or 'dimitarberbatovvv'
one match?  i've watched several matches where he has played in some capacity.  i haven't been impressed at all, i admit the guy needs time...but how much he will need is the question at hand.  i've seen what he can do in the reserve matches against suspect d, and the one goal he scored in cl v bursaspor was decent i will give him that, but in every other game his crosses/control have been terrible.  the kid has speed, ya can't coach speed, so hopefully he builds on that.  just was commenting on what i've seen so far.
i know, i'm just talking about this past transfer window.
saha's goal against arsenal has generated much discussion about the offside rule. many people have been surprised to discover that their interpretation of the rule is no longer correct, as the laws have been revised significantly in the last 20 years or so and commentators frequently get it wrong.

enjoy.
arsenal doesn't base their beautiful play on barca you retard. you can't just jack someone's system and hope it works on the pro level. wenger has constructed an entire system from bare bones that evokes speed, stability, and technical grace that teams like barca and real have also sought. you can't just translate the system like that because the epl is much different in terms of tactical procedures - much different type of game.
as football fans, we tend to have quite a bit of banter about our respective clubs and players.  this is normal, all part of the fun and games of being a football fan.

however, every now and again, something like this happens which spins your world upside down.

neil young was an absolute legend at city, and one of our finest players.  however, we the fans always felt that he was never fully recognised by the club.  due to him falling foul of our former idiot chairman, peter swales, young never received a proper testimonial.  this was a time before all the money in the game, and a testimonial was a match where all of the proceeds would go to a retiring player, who had been at the club for a minimum of 10 years.

early this year, we on bluemoon forum were alerted that young was in dire medical condition and faced the possibility of loosing that magical left leg that had won us so many trophies in the 70s.  we started barricading the club with petitions and protests, about how we could right this wrong and possibly get neil a proper testimonial that would help him out in his time of need.

this wasn't possible, but it eventually evolved into the neil young appeal.  the neil young appeal has raised over £16,000 for his healthcare, with half of that going to him and half of that going to the cancer ward that was treating him.

when we drew leicester city this year in the fa cup, it seemed only right that we get the club to dedicate the game to neil young (which they did).  young's most famous goal for us was wearing the red/black striped kit and scoring against leicester in the 1969 fa cup final, winning the game for us.

we carried red and black scarves to the match, and at the 24th minute, had an organised ['poznan'](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nu3kcjjrkpe) in respect of him.  

his family have been touched by the recent tribute as was neil himself, and i'm very, very happy that he finally learned how much he meant to this club and all of our fans in his last few weeks on earth.

rip neil, i've no doubt that you're on a cloud somewhere with joe mercer and malcolm allison watching on.
it's very rare that this ever comes in to play, because you would immediately be rendered ~~onside~~ offside by any flick-on.

it's handy in half-field games though... not so much to allow the 'offside' player to actually receive the ball, but to force defenders to defend deeper and thus create space.
actually, though they're both nominally 4-3-3, arsenal's system and barca's differ a lot. for one, barca have biscuits playing as a deep lying hybrid midfielder/librero, whereas we have song and wilshere playing a double pivot of sorts. they have a marauding wing back in dani alves on the right while we have a completely different type of defender in sagna. also, if you've watched them recently, you probably noticed that messi has a somewhat withdrawn role as a "false nine" playing behind villa and pedro, who attack from the outside in. rvp's responsibilities in the arsenal team are similar, but nasri and walcott don't play as auxiliary strikers the same way their barcelona counterparts do. in diagrams, i'd describe the two lineups like so:

    sagna-djourou-kos-clichy
    ------song--wilshere------  
    ----------fabregas---------
    ------------------nasri-----
    ---walcott---rvp----------

    -----puyol--pique---abidal
    alves---biscuits-----------
    ------xavi------iniesta----
    ------------messi----------
    ----pedro----------villa----

that doesn't really capture the nuance of the systems, but hopefully i got the idea across.              
hello, mr great dick. please have a seat.
karma is a bitch!

regards,

canada
kuyt has always been a top performer for your club...respect the motor on that guy.
two things :

*never misses a match on telly.
*devon.

too easy, sun. too easy.
not to mention the 20 million vampire who can't finish with ease on an empty net
nah, they tie on their bad days. arsenal loses.
carlos used to pull off that move. he was short :p
this is /r/soccer, downvotes for opinions are the norm.

i think it's a fair reflection of a player's class when you consider outsider fans' opinions. no one will have a problem with giggs when he retires. gary neville has been an entirely different matter.
william gallas, surely?

chelsea-arsenal

arsenal-tottenham

chelsea-tottenham

at arsenal, he had a falling out with his defensive partner that led to toure requesting (and receiving) a transfer to a league rival, with gallas then leaving on a free transfer to local rivals spurs a season later, leaving the club in a defensive crisis.
i believe hes talking about the [1960's crest](http://www.manchester-united-fans-site.com/manchester-united-badge.html)
exactly. bebe was bought on a whim; he is completely untested at this level, having only played in the portuguese third division, and his performances thus far have been quite disappointing.

i won't deny there's plenty of room for improvement, but even then, will he be good enough to earn a spot on the team? well i'm not so sure about that.
my point was that we've only had transfer fees in excess of £20 million four times in our history.  you guys have had four this season alone.
this is very true, but it's worth keeping in mind tottenham tend to be big transfer spenders but very low wage spenders.  so they're exercising a *certain* moderation.  transfer costs aren't the only type of spending.

besides which, man, it's a distant second.  look at those man city figures, jeee-sus.
hah, he's still on my squad as well.  feel your pain and salute your process!
for an english version:

http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2011/soccer/02/03/mls.anelka.ap/index.html

much as i don't like him, or the red bulls, i think it'd be great for mls!
came here to say this, saw someone else has posted it, had a good chuckle.

have an upvote sir.
yeah, says you.
i'm really liking the look of the meireles-lucas-gerrard axis. 
doubtful
ok, so can i ask what may be an unpopular question? why is redditch united in such bad financial shape?  has anyone done any research into the clubs finances and management or is reddit just going to throw money at the club and hope they spend it wisely?
wow it directly says he was offside because of active play having been previously in an offside position then playing the ball after a rebound off an opponent
they all count sunshine.
the 2nd green bay and the new england jerseys are awesome!
the guy with the $100 suit is gonna tell the guy with the $10,000 suit what would, or wouldn't be good for the mls? come on!
doing something once doesn't make it a habit, and it certainly doesn't earn you praise such as this.
it amazes me how many footy fans are ignorant of the offside rules. 
as a red bull fan, i want him. i would rather get a back of his class but he's too good of a player to pass up if he truly wants to play here. 
would certainly be a treat to see henry and anelka play together. not sure if he's quite ready to make the move though, based on his performance against sunderland.
http://kitbagasia.com/sourcecms_view_1_hk_549_106_363750-8150104_1_1.html
the guy on the left has even blown the whistle.
no, because they're used to deceive the officials. suarez wasn't trying to be sneaky with his action. he got his red card and walked off the field. if gyan had converter the penalty this would be a non issue.
the thing that really baffled me was the [interaction between the linesman and the referee](http://www.101greatgoals.com/videodisplay/offside-surely!-louis-saha-arsenal-8370163/) at 1:00.

the only thing that i can think that the linesman would be saying (given his gestures) is "he was in an offside position, but the defender played him onside by touching it".
say what now? i've been using sopcast for years and i never realised you could do this. i hate the sopcast client.
i'd upvote this more than once if i could.
not bad advice.  my problem is that my ticket was purchased and i chose pick up instead of shipment so i have to pick it up at the stadium.  i guess it covers the return trip though right?
watch the second "sol campbell" video and pause it @ 0:28 and look @ the table...

good times.
lucas has stepped up significantly this year. he was easily my least favorite player on liverpool last year, but he has really come into his own this season. other than the acquisition of meireles, his improvement is probably the best thing to happen for the club under hodgson.
not really, especially compared to last year. the shots outside the box thing though i wish nasri and fabregas would do more when the feeling strikes them because they're both great at it.
&gt;packers alternate

&gt;blue and gold

wat?
tl;dr: immigration and customs enforcement gave a straight red card to rojadirecta, seizing its .org domain. sen. ron wyden (d-or) believes that it should have been a yellow at worst.
yup, i wanted to add ashley cole to that list.
cha duri can run longer and harder than most horses.
united were delisted when the glazers took over.

the whole point of this, is that the premiership has a fit and proper person test for owners, and if united is now owned by somebody differnt, they must declare it.  delaware is known as an impossible state to get info out of, worse than the cayman islands.  they have an issue of where their funding came from to pay the pik notes, and how this fits in to their overall accounts.
these actually look better than most of the mls kits. hire this man!
if we don't know our history, then we do not know where we are now. this is all very relevant. i mean this sincerely, and not in any holier-than-thou way:

the history of soccer in the us is still being written; we who are in the us can be educated fans, and if we know our history up to now, we can influence the future of this sport in the us.

[this book](http://www.amazon.com/soccer-football-world-americas-forgotten/dp/1592138853) offers a basic history; it shows the path we took to get to where we are now, how we got to a place where we have espn commentators insisting on calling penalties "pee-kay"s, or describing crossing shots in terms of golf, or stating the defending player "set a pick", or referring to a side that is temporarily down to ten men through injury as "creating a power play" - all of these things are happening now, not in 1980. and i, for one, do not want to stay here. 
i hope we get a lot of money for him!
&gt;the germans manage to sustain a good quality league that's much, much better for the fans.

you still have to pay extra to see the matches on tv. 
my point was arsenal aren't unique in the way they play. and i said 'based on' because barca have been playing like that for years, arsenal have only been playing like that since wenger came in.
maybe next year we'll start liking poulsen... nope... not likely.
i'm pretty sure west ham fans hate millwall more than any other team.
most horses that i bet on, at any rate.

cha duri! some say he's a robot. *some say that he's zorro.*
i'm not talking about tactics, but team mentality. short, sharp passes, 'tiki taka', young players being brought through with the mentality of the club ingrained into them. not whether 1/2 players sit back or how many wingers they have.

assuming by "we" you mean chelsea, you won't.
hey i'm really liking konchesky ever since he went out on loan!
i await to see what he does with the texans.

i would buy the shit out of these either way.
they are now on: www.rojadirecta.me www.rojadirecta.es www.rojadirecta.in

well played, mauer.
are you camping outside milan borjan's house with a crowbar? should dejan jakovic and simeon jackson watch their backs? more importantly: why are you such a cunt?
arsene came from psg, so i doubt he really looked at the pace of barca's play to set the tone - i think he just adapted pace from what he was handed.
&gt;leaving the club better off from a defensive perspective

ftfy
he is indeed making a much more beneficial impact at anfield since he ceased being there.
i believe that the fit and proper person test only applies to directors of the club itself, and people that own more than a 30% interest.

the test is basically:

(1) are they bankrupt?
(2) do they own interests in another english club, or have the ability to influence the management of another club?
(3) were they director of a club or clubs that twice went into insolvency?
(4) are they banned from being a director of a company?
(5) have they committed any specified uk criminal offences?

how would the pik notes cause anyone to fail these tests?
i love that sol always tops these lists.  tottenham's best player of the last twenty years...couldn't wait to get up the a1 to arsenal.

bring on the downvotes, spurs fans, you know it's true.
the women here should pay special attention.  
it infuriates me every time i see a ref call offside on a throw in. 

i also remember liverpool having a goal (almost) disallowed from a corner because the linesman felt it was offside. fortunately, common sense and the wagging finger of benitez prevailed. 

i don't get what the whole traitor thing. these guys are workers. they move around.
you can of course use surnames if they happen to be spelled identically to words that are otherwise playable (eg, (john) terry\* and (ashley) cole\*\* would be fine).

\* the material towels are made of.  
\*\* a cabbage.

i either misunderstand you, or you are missing the point.

the person above said arsenals style is unique. it is not.
that's actually the opposite of a fact.  that's very much an opinion.  
i would like a chelsea crest please :)
coming from a tottenham fan, i really don't think you're in any position to make such a judgment. who else plays like arsenal? nobody. who else plays like barca? nobody.
i'd have him back in a second.
honorable mention should be zlatan ibrahimovic.  that guy has played for both milan teams and juventus.  
yea it took me a while to realise as well.

just [click on the option button and select use my own media player and find the path to your preferred player](http://imgur.com/jcpqg)

[then click this button to launch your preferred player](http://imgur.com/kudqo)
fuck this, no point arguing with you, retard.
wait, what? me of all people? why me?
true, but when they say they'll never play for x club, then transfer there, it does make them traitors, imo. if they just leave without having said something along those lines previously, then they are just doing what's best for themselves and their family.
an mlb cup would be interesting. all the minor league teams fighting it out with the majors in a big tournament.
even if they did sponsor the uniforms, they're not going to cut into their profits by cutting down comercial time. this will only add to their revenue. remember, they're in it to make as much money as they can. 
it's not the karma people care about, it's the credit.... like real credit.

*the ascription or acknowledgment of something as due or properly attributable to a person, institution, etc.*
noting just to see it.
mls never pay for players. to my knowledge every single large acquisition they've made has been from free transfers.
rip neil you legend!
enjoy 5th place!
but most players say that. they have to show they "care" for the fans. i don't put any weight to what players say during interviews.
biggest point here is that if you are accused of copyright infringement you are usually allowed to defend yourself. see: [joel tenenbaum](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sony_bmg_v._tenenbaum), a grad-student from my alma-mater (and a ta for one of my physics classes) who was sued for millions by the riaa for illegally downloading songs.  he took the case to court and ended up being found liable for only ~$65000.

these sites are taken down without warning and with no way to formally defend themselves.  thats just wrong and i'm glad at least one lawmaker acknowledges this fact.
i got a season ticket for our final maine road season, which was epic.
i remember that liverpool goal as well.

[i was shouting this loudly at my tv](http://images2.memegenerator.net/imagemacro/5563383/how-u-be-offside-from-corner.jpg?imagesize=medium&amp;generatorname=y-u-no), which is awkward because i live in asia and the game was at 3am.
you're spot-on as always, andy.

i'll redo it in a recipe format.
i dislike how people demonize players who decide to play for a rival team.  you know what? it's the player's fucking life.  all you do is sit there in front of your computer and bitch about why what player is going where.

well, do you know why he's going?  the answer is: who gives a fuck?  if casillas were to take off from my favorite team to go to barcelona tomorrow, would i be upset? yes.  would i burn his jersey that i own? no.

seriously, get over it and learn to bitch less and enjoy the beautiful game more.
hence, nobody really cares about any of this rivalry stuff and is really just interested in whether their talent is leaving for another team.
thanks, we'll also enjoy the quarter finals of the cl.
real madrid
if you consider the fact that arsene chose him over kolo, resulting in kolo leaving us, it did not leave the club better off from a defensive perspective. 
this might be off topic but man, i hate lazio. im going to become a roma fan just because i hate them.
i actually used to love the total 90s ... but this new shape and obnoxious color has really turned me off.

for indoor and turf, i swear by my [adidas mundials](http://www.google.com/search?aq=2&amp;oq=adidas+mun&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;q=adidas+mundial#q=adidas+mundial&amp;hl=en&amp;prmd=ivns&amp;source=univ&amp;tbs=shop:1&amp;tbo=u&amp;ei=2_nktap_i8k88gan073fdg&amp;sa=x&amp;oi=product_result_group&amp;ct=image&amp;resnum=1&amp;ved=0cdoqzamwaa&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=914&amp;fp=6aaff458859385c2). this is my third pair in a row.
no. the ctrs are amazing, predator xs are amazing, the adipure 3s are amazing, and the new tiempos are amazing (these are the ones i've tried out). i like the ctrs out of the bunch. having said that, i still regularly use my old ass tiempos from like 4 years ago. 
you talk about it like you're going to advance..much less win the cl, rofl.
i don't even like american football that much but i'd still wear one of these kits.
i doubt it'd be interesting at all, actually. baseball is such a tiered sport in terms of skill. batters in minor leagues wouldn't be able to cope with major league speed pitches, and major league batters would just constantly knock minor league pitches out of the park like it was the home run derby. that's the beauty of soccer; the ball remains round.
they should have stopped making boots after the copa mundials. everything else is so pointless
this is from 2004, the rule has been changed since then
nike has always been hit and miss for me, pred xs are a downgrade from pred 9s, and adipure 3 ruined an amazing shoe in the adipure 2, but not as bad as what the adipure 4 did to it. tiempos are not bad.
i don't see why we wouldn't be confident, more chance of us going to the next round than arsenal winning the league.
i love the boy but he is a bit a bit short in the brains department.
if by pred9 you mean the powerswerve, then we'll have to agree to disagree, because those are the worst boots i've ever bought. actually, i disagree on everything you've said here.
don't turn your delusion into quids on that.
nah, the only ones that i really hate that are relatively recent are the cronaldos, but i am one to go for bright, crazy looking shoes a good bit of the time.
if you do eventually find a pair you like, go out and buy like 10 pairs. your feet wont change size and you'll have replacements for when they get worn out.
short, sharp passes: see brazil 1970, netherlands 1960s-90s

young players being brought through: see man utd 1999

barcelona didn't invent any of these things. 
i can dream can't i. also £35 million for carrol: anything is possible.
should we set up a paypal account? i really would like to do this, and i get the feeling that a lot of people out there do too.
arshavin at 86 is a disgrace! he should be 83 max. nani and nasri have both been far better this season but wallow around 82.

berbatov should see a sizey upgrade too, i'm thinking 84/85!
this just in : fabregas spotted getting on a plane for barcelona!
that's the point i was trying to make, no style anyone plays is unique. my bad for saying 'based' on barca, but total football was what i was thinking of. the point is, in no way is arsenals playing style unique.
better days, eh?  still didn't quite pan out for pool that year, though there's no shame in finishing 2nd to that arsenal team.  
there's a few things i think have really helped lucas out this season:

1. experience and size. he's both grown into his role (he just turned 24, so he's still pretty young) and grown in general, he looks a lot tougher now than a couple years ago. in a physical league like england, that helps a lot.

2. dynamic midfield. he's never been able to dictate play a la alonso, he doesn't have that kind of passing range. the liverpool axis of the benitez era was set up to allow running up front, with mascherano harassing opponents in midfield, while alonso/aquilani would handle the passing. with lucas having to play alongside mascherano, he wasn't really in any clear role he could do. he wasn't the destroyer, he wasn't a passer and he wasn't a playmaker (and couldn't really be any of those things). the partnership with raul meireles means that you get the best out of his primary assets - his winning of balls and his ability to keep play moving. 

3. he has people to pass to. that was the major problem with last season's set-up, there wasn't anyone connecting the ball winning with the goalscoring. now, he's winning balls further up the pitch, collecting them from defense and is basically doing a simple job linking up the play, but he's doing it very well. a lot's been made of dalglish's return to "pass-and-move football" and that's something lucas is playing an essential role in. 
nobody goes to their games.  which means already small gate receipts are tiny.  i believe that that is the main issue.
i was 11th row behind the other goal with all the hooligans singing.  the philly police were lined up in front of our section and they wouldn't let the beer guy come down our aisle.  it was hilarious, we had a blast.  now i'm waiting to hear when fedex field tickets go on sale for united vs. barca.  
whether his skill is good or bad is irrelevant. he still left liverpool and ultimately wound up at manchester united. 
how about [this pdf](http://tinyurl.com/4q3rco8) from 2010 that states 

&gt; a player in an offside position is only penalised if, at the moment the ball touches or is played by one of his team, he is, in the opinion of the referee, involved in active play by: gaining an advantage by being in that position

clearly, saha gained advantage, by being in an offside position, as the ball was played, when the ball deflected off of koscielny. 
reminds me of the rio ferdinand drug test fiasco.
:(
anyone know how the song went that they sung about sol campbell? watched the whole vid for nothing.
*1989–90 eredivisie champions ajax were disqualified from the 1990–91 european cup.*

anyone knows why this happened? the source [5] doesn't really help much.
i actually find the copas really uncomfortable compared to some of the modern cleats.

the technology has come a long way - but not to the length that the obnoxious pricing suggests.
can you read? 

however, just over a month after the deed fernando has been left in a state of limbo following the real fernando torres’ departure to stamford bridge: “i am gutted. being a massive liverpool fan made my new name the perfect fit. i am considering what to do. i’ve not yet decided whether to change my name.”
i can't hate ronaldo.
big brother is watching so you can't watch.
not in the mls its not.
ditto
top work. i didn't realise the fans were behind that effort.

rip neil young. true blue.
meaning you're pretty good at football manager?
every single site that was "brought down" has a working mirror
&gt; so they're exercising a certain moderation.

true. and you guys seem to be fairly steadfast about the wage structure (given that the forlan deal allegedly did not go ahead because of that). and fair point about city - they far outshine everyone else in the table.

but still, spurs outspent chelsea, manu, liverpool, arsenal and everton **combined** in the last 5 years on transfers. sounds pretty extreme doesnt it? 

also, villa, stoke and sunderland's positions in that table surprise a lot of people as well.
eh, i guess...not really 
yep, i get that but my comment was really more about paying a lot of money at the time rather than 20m per se. not very well put by me i know but can i pretend i was talking $$$ ?
oops, i didn't check the vid. i just assumed it was the one he scored at ot.
he was good but he gave away far too many free kicks. xabi alonso, on the other hand, i would have back in a heartbeat.
hell. fucking. yes.  like a boss.
but the point is we do know a fair bit about him by his actions so we *are* in a good position to judge him.

also, who says we don't hate those players mentioned ? this thread is about gary neville.
that i am
really well said.  seems like there's more "fanatics" than fans in sports these days.
i have actually never played football manager, but i have won several different trophies in fifa, ranging from la liga to the australian league to the mls.  i have won the champions league and numerous cup competitions.

i'm really versatile too, having won the stanley cup and the world series several times.  basically i am just a born leader, and will have no trouble getting the players on redditch united to play up to their fullest potential in the even that i get the head coaching position there.
if there's 80s music i want it to be van halen.
how old are you? just curious.
i wouldn't. he didn't just leave, he screwed us over, left and then treated the club like shit in the press. he's excellent at what he does but i don't want him doing it for liverpool. 
this post is true about that post being true.
coming back against slovenia makes you "the comeback kids"? also, this has been posted 18 times in the past 6 months. you have to give us all time to miss it.
how many catholic priests joke do you have to deal with?
you can stick sol cambpell up your arse. 'cause we've got ledley. we've got ledley. we've got ledley at the back (for the few games a year he isn't injured).
i actually think that owen, being a player seeking employment and finding it with united, isn't all that bad. 

i actually find solskjær to be a worse tosser. 

and you wanna know why? the liverpool fc supporter club scandinavian branch has his name on file, as a paying fan-club member. that's right, he was a liverpool fan when united came sniffing, and bought him from molde fk. and all the sudden, he was a big fan of united. in the nineties, no less. 

and there are few things in life that truly are unchangeable. you can switch jobs, you can get a new citizenship, you can convert to a new religion, discover new sexual orientations and start voting for new political parties. but being a fan, and then declaring yourself a supporter of the enemy? sorry, but that's crossing the line.
liverpool's style of play changed drastically after xabi alonso left. all cause of gareth barry...
not many, though i do get flack here and there from american friends. for the record, the team is referred to as "yb" (eee-beh) in switzerland...it is kind of awkward to say you're going to go "watch young boys play"...
yep, maschi can suck it as far as i'm concerned after how he's run his mouth in the last year.
i literally cannot stop reading liverpool stuff since yesterday's game.  zonalmarking puts the exclamation mark on it!
if i remember correctly, benitez wasn't interested.  he tried to go to liverpool, anywhere else with a good chances of silverware then united last.  fergie had the only top side that wanted him. it was a free transfer ffs.  he more or less ended up with the choice of united or the dole.  
 
they're going for going for that anti-marketing euro. that's a good market, they're very smart.
only ibra...
50 gbp is a bit steep for a 100x50 blurry jpeg brick, if it's the latter...i'll try to donate regardless of what i get in return when i can though
&gt; fewer top players

i disagree. top players will just receive less money, but it doesn't mean players will stop being as good.
i like him too. thanks for andy.
great analysis.  i've had these similar feelings throughout the year that a game was a real turning point, (vs chelsea, @ wolves) but last night really, really felt like it was a *true* turning point for the club.

"walk on, with hope in your heart."

you beat me to it. 
if you notice, there's more than 25 players on that list.  the u21's don't count against the 25 man squad limit.  
they can't enforce the fine when an appeal on the grounds is currently subject to an ongoing eu case
arsenal for me, please!
what about carragher?
decent read, but as a dedicated liverpool supporter, i am already over torres.  and i imagine after last night's game, a majority (if not all) of the other fans are as well.  we can see the future without torres, and it looks pretty damn good.
it's all about the circumstances of the move. when judas signed for the huns he had already been paraded at celtic park with a scarf around his neck.
the collared cowboys jersey would sell like fucking hotcakes in texas.
there is a lot of downtime in football, so sometimes commercial breaks are acceptable. there are a few instances where it's just annoying (after the kick off or a punt).
[yes!](http://www.toffs.com/images/1005b.jpg)
alonso is a legend.  i can understand why he wanted to leave.  mascherano is a nobody.
yeah some of the logos look weird, but still really awesome for someone just doing it for fun.
*breaking: glory hungry mercenary supports glory hungry mercenary*
not that simple, though. "nobody" goes to any games at their level, let alone lower down the ladder. they, as with most clubs with the possible exception of only arsenal are striving for a success that their finances cannot support. think about that. one club* from the league 92, plus untold hundreds in the nonleague game, that instantly springs to mind as being prudently run. how ridiculous is that?

the people who run redditch now, together with those who ran it before, believed they could throw money at the club, at its playing staff, and achieve something that the larger public didn't really want; namely a league football club. the numbers simply didn't add up. they never do. until chairmen are honest, until boards or transparent, until the authorities are strong enough, and until fans are realistic, nothing will ever change. clubs should be run according to their turnover, nothing more. if you get £10m per home game, good on you. if only £10k, tough. throw money at increasing your fanbase, not your wages.

* might possibly also include fan run clubs like afc wimbledon, fc utd, telford, exeter and merthyr
&gt;and indeed, if liverpool do emerge stronger now, bolstered by the arrivals of luis suárez and carroll, it might be torres' departure that made that possible.

i can definitely see liverpool supporters getting over him quickly.  [zonal marking](http://www.zonalmarking.net/2011/02/03/liverpool-2-0-stoke-tactics/) has a great overview on their formation without torres (and carroll for now). suarez, with his limited time on the pitch - looked great and meireles's has been fantastic for the past few weeks. i'm really looking forward to sunday's match.
that's a joke, right?  he weighs 68kg (150 lbs).

he'd be more suited to being a punt or kick returner, but even then he'd need to put on some weight.  too short to be a legitimate wide receiver.  might be a decent cornerback, but again, needs some more weight.
sorry you're right.

but stop linking blog spam. it undercuts the real journalist out there who actually hunted this guy down for the interview.

[original source](http://www.thisisscunthorpe.co.uk/news/fernando-left-feeling-blue/article-3169506-detail/article.html)
he paints the current owners as diabolical evil geniuses. haven't they paid ridiculous amounts of money for players in mlb in the past?what makes sid think that they used torres to fund the new purchases. i don't hate torres for leaving, but i feel angry that he phoned it in for the entire season but perked up and played like crazy against chelsea just to impress them. and here we were defending him for his performances, he's made a short sighted decision in my opinion, with all due respect to chelsea their future rests on the whims of one russian billionaire. liverpool have a promising group of youngsters and are starting to turn a corner and still have massive appeal worldwide. chelsea is still world class but time will tell if torres made the right decision or not.
mascha... sorry buddy but times have changed. we have a new coach now, new owners and are cycling in some new players too.

so yeah what you said may have been the case half a year ago but times have changed buddy. 
only because you feel sorry for fat kids?
while i agree on your larger points, my initial argument is that even compared to other conference north/south teams, redditch has had awful attendance numbers, which i'd imagine is putting it in additional financial hardship.
yo usa i'm really happy for you and imma let you finish but turkey had the best comebacks of all time. of all time.
i think i just threw up in my mouth.
i love the ctrs, they look great (imo) and they are amazingly comfortable.  
oh i would love to see st. pauli win over hsv.
st. pauli loosing would actually be better for bremen..nevermind.
he gets destroyed in epl games. he would do much worse in the nfl. the sub headline should be the actual headline:

&gt;marvin allen insists gunners winger has pace needed for the nfl

this is definitively true.
yeah, but... well, this year is lost. i've come to terms with that. just as long as we don't get relegated.
yeah, but... well, this year is lost. i've come to terms with that. just as long as we don't get relegated.
afellay only had six months left on his contract, so he could have left psv on a free transfer in the summer.
theo would get crushed in the nfl. love his pace though.
fun game
ridiculous, though, that only barcelona showed any interest on him. from what i've seen he's a very promising kid.
i hope you won't; the bundesliga would really lack the northern rivalry
well he managed to contain and get the best from paul gascoigne.  if anyone can do it, walter smith can!

stil dubious about this signing myself, but he's got a clean slate to start afresh in scotland so best of lucl to the lad.
we had a goal disallowed once in a copa libertadores match due to an offside call on a throw in.

i almost lost my composure in disbelief.
so to conclude your point, netherlands ftw?
from third at the end of last season to relegation would be very depressing.
he turned down a couple of clubs last summer, though. he flat out refused to go to hsv and i'm fairly certain he scared off some other small clubs. but i too was surprised there wasn't a lot more attention last summer.
ah, ok. we're in agreement there, then. sorry i misunderstood
so when it says "second to last opponent," it implies the keeper is the last opponent? what if, say, the keeper was somehow farther up the pitch than his last defender and the opposing team's striker, and the ball was played to the striker but in front of the last defender (who is now the last opponent). would that constitute offsides?

edit: i drew a [picture](http://i.imgur.com/lwmaz.png)
afellay's [agent](http://www.transfermarkt.de/en/sport-promotion-b-v-/details/berater_274.html) likes to deal with barcelona. 

[past](http://www.thefreelibrary.com/football%3a+the+agent+who+tried+to+flog+henrik+larsson+to+barcelona+has...-a075116068) 


he said neville is epl's best english right-back, *not* best.
even the 'nike always being hit or miss'?

that describes my experience.
haha, fair enough.
barcelona have fewer worries than most teams though.

they know he won't mind bench sitting for them, they're the best in the world on that pitch, he won't feel he deserves play until he improves. also their wages aren't ridiculous at barcelona and he'd be probably on wages significantly lower than b team graduates, but thats the price for prestige. barça also know that once they make a bid, very few other teams will try to interfere.
that's exactly what i was thinking. it really surprises me that there wasn't a bidding war between clubs for afellay's signature.
there was some chatter about him being used as a make weight in a possible fabregas deal over the summer as well.  who knows.  i like affelay, and wouldn't mind him sticking around.
yes, in that instance, the last defender would take the place of what we're used to seeing as the goalkeeper.  so the striker would be offside.  they say "second to last opponent" because the last opponent doesn't necessarily have to be the keeper.
i remember watching that on motd. 10 mins of chelsea attacking and ben foster being superman and then 30 secs of footage where birmingham has the ball.
what kind of surface(s) are you playing on?

and for some advice: there is a much larger difference between the $30 and $80 pairs of cleats than between the $80 and $200+ pair.

also - there is very little difference between yearly iterations of each boot line. i love buying year old cleats for half the price.

if you have really big or really small feet - try ebay. the really large and really small cleats don't sell as well as the normal sizes and you can usually get them cheaper than the price listed on the brand website.
also this transfer window and the next one is an inflated one. new uefa financial fair play ruling is gonna will kick in.

thus the massive sugar daddy clubs paying huge $$$ to hoard players. 
if liverpool wanted solskjaer (or knew about him), they could easily have signed him up themselves.

but they didn't and he ended up winning ten trophies, so there you go.
yes, yes i did.
sagna is far better in the position than neville ever was, i would go as far to say he's the best rb in the premier league currently(though that isn't a huge feat)
could you please provide a link detailing the new financial ruling. i'm still relatively new to football so i thought transfers were as easy as buy and sell within the allocated time frame, whether it may be using club funds or owner funds.
same story, except for the fact that carra is a big, fierce motherfucker so you can't say something like that within airshot of him, unless you want a two-footer studs up over the shins.

also, he plays for us, so the rules don't apply. 
i thought the last world cup was pretty dire.

uruguay were one of the few entertaining teams, and that's saying something.
behold, a virtual tour of my closet : )

http://astroot.info/shirt-collection/

we need more pics in this thread.
you nailed it.

like javier and nando were begging us to stay...
who?
this was in the houllier era. he probably wasn't considered due to not being french.
when is ledley king *not* awaiting an operation?

he is mr. glass.
this is their job people. so are you a traitor for leaving yahoo to go work for google if google offered you 2x as much money? get a grip on reality.
that was what they said exactly about ronaldo and nani.

he played as a striker in his old clubs, and we are trying him out in the wings. while i have no faith in him turning the corner, i'd still give him a season or two.
[this should bring back memories](http://www.vuvuzela.fm/)
[pepe contemplating move](http://www.metro.co.uk/sport/football/854581-pepe-reina-considers-liverpool-future-as-manchester-united-prepare-bid) shhiiiiiiiittttt
houllier wasn't manager in 1996.
i was over him on deadline day. no question we are better off now.

i am looking forward to watching him fail at chelsea. i didn't see anything in the last year to indicate that, even when healthy, he is anything near what he once was.

michael owen comes to mind.
[http://www.zonalmarking.net/](http://www.zonalmarking.net/) for a brief tactical rundown for games i missed
i'm right with you on the barca game. 

i love sitting with the sob at ppl park. great atmosphere and stadium. 
an interesting work of creative fiction.

how does this guy 'know' all this to be true? some of it might be, but there appears to be loads of speculation being painted as fact in there...
looks like his club got relegated.
new rules: maximum of 70% of budget may be spend on player's salaries + clubs are not allowed to continually run at a loss. 

clubs that don't oblige will be excluded from the champions league/europa league 
my advice is do not buy cheap boots. unlike clothing, there is a marked difference between a $50 boots and a $100 pair.

you have to match it to what type of surfaces you are playing it, the type of foot you have and the type of boots you enjoy.

some comes with less padding so you would have more control, some comes with thicker padding so you would have more comfort. some (especially pumas) are extremely tight in the middle part, so if your feet are more even, you would feel discomfort with those.

if you have enjoyed the american football pair, you can use it as a starting point, because there are bound to be boots that is build very similar to what you had.
that headkick by diaby that knocked him out always puts a smile on my face.
liver pool
come back when he has 80 caps and four more tournament appearances.
chelsea
cheers bro. that's gonna be a hit on the clubs owned by the wealthy. does anyone see a potential loop hole around this new rule?
nike's are consistently crap for me, all flash but no substance. adidas is still by far my faves. they make great indoor futsal shoes and don't feel the need to shout about it by having it in green or pink.
at least fifa gives mascherano a really high rating.
liverpool were the boss at anfield and stoke could only hold back. a very good game and if dalglish ever follows up on this formation, i'm sure more midfielders will run from deep to create the dynamic needed to fashion and finish chances.
i was pleasantly surprised :)
come on st. pauli! i'd love to see them get a win over hamburg. anyone know where i'd be able to watch it online? i'm uk based.
wow, those websites are still there...
that is what i have done...favourite boot is nike tiempo legend ii for grass (have 2 fg and 1 sg) and then 3 pairs of tiempo classic lite (ag and fg) for the shit artificial turf in canada
how would i go about figuring out what kind of feet i have? is there some sort of chart that gives me an idea (i feel like i am too tall to see my feet properly) or would i have to go to a paediatrist? also, the cleats i wore when i was playing american football are about 10 years old, so i don't think they would be a great starting point.
the fuck??
he must be crying himself to sleep being in the currently the world's best team, looking all likely to win the league, playing in the champions league and all most likely, will do doing so again next year.

times have changed? you lots are still 7th below sunderland. times have changed indeed.
*woooooooosh*
alright. i give up. explain
in the last year... really? his two goals vs chelsea in november (in 1st at the time) were fantastic.
barca is going to be one unfriendly friendly. especially if there's a rome rematch at wembley.. 
agree. corporate logos hurts the overall look on football shirts.
now, that is how they should be!
to be honest, the type of feet does not matter that much.

adidas and nike's size are really similar, so if you have gone through them before, you'll do fine. you can gauge your type [here](http://www.runningshoesguru.com/2009/03/a-simple-test-to-determine-your-foot-type-neutral-pronator-supinator/)

[here's](http://www.ransacker.co.uk/football-boots/advice/choosing-the-right-football-boots/) a good place to read about boots. but i've stopped playing field football for quite abit now, so i might not be the best person to ask.

but personally, i think you can't go wrong with adidas regardless of surface!
evans era. didn't qualify for not being from the uk.
what kind of player are you - a stalwart defender or a speedy winger? how much do you play - practice 3x a week or only sunday football?  

you should include that kind of info because it'll help people match you up to a good plair of cleats. 
i remember that one. people was arguing how poor chelsea was, i had to really grit my teeth and explain that they did nowt wrong, just they did not have that smallest bit of luck to have the ball back of the net.
or do they mean he can run fast, but can neither shoot or pass? &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

[andy gray and richard keys the other day, talking about a female assistant referee](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/01_04/sky.mp3)
terrible to play on them. i try to avoid them when possible but a decent pitch in canada is also rare
i play an aggressive defense mostly (somewhere between mid and defense). as for play time, i tend to play once or twice a week. i'll add this to my main post also.
you can generally smell the swamp even if you're watching it on youtube, it's a dead give away.
tottenham hotspur, please!
doesn't he still cover up his old everton tattoos? i heard that was why he always has the long sleeved jerseys.
well, then i guess if chelsea is paying him for a few goals a season they will love him.
anyway i exclaimed 'cause i thought you's two were being sexist on purpose. glad u werent
actually rojadirecta.org has already been [declared legal](http://torrentfreak.com/sports-streaming-torrent-links-site-victorious-in-court-100510/) by spanish courts since they don't host any copyrighted content in their servers, and linking to copyrighted material isn't illegal in spain.
looking at the [highlights](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/scotland/9386530.stm) of his debut in the hearts game, i'd say he did pretty well.
haha.. wow. makes you think. looks like a seventies jersey. but the thing about this one is that the arsenal logo is tiny. surely if there were no advertising, the arsenal logo and maybe the text 'arsenal' would feature quite a bit more prominently.

there actually was a team in the netherlands last season (az) whose sponsor went bankrupt and had to be removed from their jerseys, and it looked quite a bit like your picture.
i can't wait to see how many people bash this article...

personally, i agree with most of the points that this article makes. arsenal have consistently stayed in the top 4 for the past decade without spending much money. ask their board if they're upset that they typically end each season with more money than they began it with.

the day will come (and i truly believe it might be this season) when arsenal win a big competition, and at that point the critics will have to do a major re-examination of the dynamics of big spending. 

keep it up wenger. 
if we really wanted affelay, we could've just gone to bid for him in the winter.
man city is apparently doing some work on renovating existing grounds or something which plays in the budget.  i'm sure a city fan could give you more details.  
i wouldn't take too much from this match.  the system worked because stoke played right into it.  carew was the lone man up front, and the sole target for the stoke players.  but with liverpool stacked in midfield, they couldn't get the ball to him over the top.

if dalglish puts this lineup out against chelsea, pool are going to get slaughtered down the wings.

edit:  downvote away, but provide a counter-argument if you're going to so we can have a conversation about the tactics.
alright, well obviously cross out any boots that are marketed for speed and agility. look for boots that emphasize power and accuracy (if you're the type of defender that plays long balls). 

i love spending hours looking at boots on this site http://www.prodirectsoccer.com/us/soccer-shoes.aspx 

and sure, most of them are out of my price range, but it gives a good feel of the variety of boots out there. i hope this helped a bit! 
we'll do that if redditors ever decide to come over, get all the press involved!
i don't like you, mr. secret liverpool fan. i'm going to go curl up in a little ball and cry while imagining what my club could do with 35 million pounds...
shame espn3 decided to not air any of them in the states...
torres got a huge salary boost and a chance to play in the cl and challenge for trophies.  he also got out of a club where hicks and gillete probably broke promise after promise.  as a pure neutral, his decision is the right one.  surely he can get in the side of kalou.  drogba and anelka are getting up there in terms of age as well.

yeah, the move sucks from a liverpool point of view, and is definitely made less painful by the fact that you have 2 very good strikers in the squad at the loss of  an excellent one who was constantly injured, but you can't say torres made a dumb move.
he's not *in* the world's best team, just *stands beside* thw world's best team in posters, then takes his seat in the bench. 

*you'll neeeeeveeeeer sit on the world's best team's beeeeench*

*aloooo-oooooo-oooone* - jose manuel pinto
yeah, but that's not a sensationalist headline as:
usain bold primed to tear up the nfl.
let's just face the truth here, he was just worried about losing his place to lucas.
it is indeed the 1970's arsenal kit!

in fact, the current arsenal kit is directly based off of this shirt.

also there are plenty of teams in england who have been going without sponsors at various times over the past few years.  wba didn't have one for example.  it makes a lot of sense in some respects, if nobody is offering a sum worth it, you could gamble that the fans would be more inclined to buy a shirt without a sponsor, or pay more.
there is a difference though. in most jobs, you're just an employee. it's the goods or services that your company provides are what people are buying.

in football, the players basically are the "product" that the fans are buying.

of course players should be able to move jobs, but moving teams usually means a lot more to those people who pay your wages than moving most jobs does. players are usually more than happy to milk the emotional connections that fans have to their heroes when it comes to endorsements etc, so they need to understand the effect of those emotional connections when they move, and the impact that things they've said and done both at the club and after they leave has on people that used to worship them.

saying that, for me neither torres nor bent comes across as a "traitor". i've not seen anything that either has done beyond move to a club where they think they've got more chance of success. i can understand that fans are frustrated, but both seem to have gone about things in a pretty honest way.

some of the players on this list though are a different matter. if you say that you'd never play for your biggest rivals, or that this is the only club you ever want to play for, then you really should mean it - or at least not be surprised by the hatred you'll get if you're shown to be lying.
sid lowe's very close to a number of spanish internationals (and people involved with la liga in general). i've a feeling that some of the intricacies in the article are feasibly those that have been relayed by torres to a select few back in his homeland, and then subsequently to mr lowe. he's well respected and certainly not generally the type to put his name to spurious rubbish.
just read that theoffside article earlier. a bit dry but really good analysis.
thats uncalled for...ouch.
holland always have the coolest jerseys, also robben is a legend. the way he celebrated that goal against united in the cl quarter finals made me really miss him.(chelsea fan here, dont know how to get the crest)
fyi: you're on one upvote, zero downvotes. 
i know, it was an anticipatory edit.  my comment could come across as antagonistic since i'm sure this will be a thread dominated by liverpool supporters.
stop with the first shit this is not r/gaming 
they are far more than just "workers". have you ever seen anyone walking around wearing a shirt with their favourite walmart employee's name plastered across the back? or even the name of their favourite office worker at the club they support?

yet they do buy shirts, and other merchandise with they player's face or name on it by the millions because fans care about the players in their team, and it's the fact that they care that means the players get their wages.

that doesn't mean that players shouldn't be allowed to move. but there's far more emotion involved in those moves than you or i changing job, and players need to understand that in the way they behave. i think torres has behaved perfectly correctly, and the calls of traiter at him seem pretty silly. but some people on that list have said and done some pretty stupid things and shouldn't be suprised by the abuse they get.
me too, may the best team win and good luck qualifying for europe next season... 
i'm in america so i don't really know how the broadcast rights work so i have a question. could this lead to fewer broadcasters being sold league broadcast rights?

the leagues only care about who's going to give them the most money. with this ruling it would hurt sky's or espn's revenue if you can get cheap satellite broadcasts from other countries. so i could see them offering to buy exclusive pan-european or even world wide broadcast rights for huge sums of money. the same way ea didn't want to compete with cheaper 2k games and paid the nfl for exclusive rights.

could this happen or is there some uefa/fifa law preventing it?
i believe that is why they allowed it but it should only be relevant had it been a pass but it was clearly a ricochet or rebound in which the offense player clearly gained advantage
haha, i thought you had taken a more current jersey and just photoshopped the logos out!
there's no way they won't suspend him for this.
all the nike boots i've ever owned have been fantastic. 
true but seeing him adapt nicely to barcelona tiki taka could cause a scouting erection to arsene.
julio looks funny with that hat on. 
eto'o's head-butt: 3 games

melo's head kick: 3 games

so i'd say this is only going to be about 3-5 games, unfortunately.
we had major interest in him, but he chose barca out of all the suitors. 
he's easily the best right back in the premier league right now. who's better? ivanovic? bosingwa? richards? i think not.
rossi brought his hair to a hat fight, to be fair.
torres played in the cl for liverpool every year but this year, and challenged for the title in 2008-09.  he made a cl semi-final and a quarter-final his first two years.  it's not like he wasn't challenging for any trophies.

i just think he looked at it like this: "chelsea always spend a bunch of money on top talent, liverpool don't.  therefore, i can't wait around to see what happens with the new liverpool owners, i need to have a great chance at winning now."

yes, he made the right decision for himself.  but it still hurt for him to reject "my" club due to the fact that we're not "good enough."  as i said in an other thread, i am over torres already.  i am very much looking forward to the suarez/carroll partnership.
you forgot the most explosive one: lok leipzig vs fc sachsen leipzig 
disgraceful. for anyone who watched the game, was there something earlier in the game before this incident that led to this?
it's all because benitez showed him no respect and chased barry instead.
foul for me. smashed into him too hard and fast.
* liverpool '77
* liverpool '84
* liverpool '82
* liverpool '87 (away)
* liverpool '02
* liverpool '06
* liverpool '07 (away)
* liverpool '09
* seattle '09
* united states '50
* united states '04
* united states '06
* arsenal (henry) '04 
* inter '03
* guatemala '08
* newcastle '05

damn... didn't know i had so many. 
these guys are just nervous because they are going to go down as one of the only liverpool teams that never won anything
gross over-simplification. 
i understand that.  that comment was more of a shot at the greed of the nfl than a real solution.
over-simplification; yes; but it's essentially true.

who could blame alonso for leaving? benitez chased barry all summer, and tried to sell alonso to clubs like juventus.

alonso then went on to have an absolutely brilliant season, benitez then tried to keep him, so who could blame alonso for wanting to move on when real came calling?

i'm sure there were much more factors involved, but that surely played a part in his departure.
[myp2p](http://www.myp2p.eu) is a good place to start.
lose to us, then win for the rest season.  i definitely hope torres puts a couple past man u at the bridge.
i was actually just hunting down [this old post of mine](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/eqrlx/in_defense_of_rafa_benitez/c1a7h0c) to help explain some of the circumstances. rafa's pursuit of barry was obviously a big part of it, but it wasn't the only factor (and didn't happen without reason)
when torres left atletico, pool fans welcomed him with open arms.  when he left for chelsea, they burned his jersey.  nobody is ever pissed off when the ugly, fat broad you had running errands for you leaves. it's the hot one that loaned you money to make rent you bitch and cry about. torres was really that good.  the liverpool moaning is proof of that. 
...spend it on anything but fresh talent?
shalke x dortmund is on goltv live
lucas and all one of his goals for liverpool. 
italian referees are idiots.
figo fucked up.
chivu having to wear that hat. 
arsenal bid gbp7.5m for him in the off-season, apparently on robin van persie's recommendation.

madrid were apparently interested in this transfer window as well.
breaking news, yet another player leaves for a better performing club. listen, all players are mercenaries, all players want success. we need to get over this. carragher and stevie g aren't at everton. 
why's he wearing petr cech's scrum helmet?
i like the ones kaka had 2 years ago.  i know they were adidas but don't remember the brand.  mostly made of leather, super light and very classy.
&gt; but still, spurs outspent chelsea, manu, liverpool, arsenal and everton combined in the last 5 years on transfers. sounds pretty extreme doesnt it?

i'm agreeing with your overall point, but i have to say this is a very strange calculation.  if you're going by purchasing gross, spurs barely outspent liverpool, let alone any of these other sides.  they sold a little less, and proportionately much less, than the others, especially man-u and liverpool, which is where some of the disparity comes in.  even if you're using the net figures, which i assume you are, you can't use arsenal to make that point anyway, because adding a negative figure kind of invalidates the whole concept of a demonstrative total, right?  you can just as easily say that aston villa outspent tottenham, arsenal, newcastle, blackburn, wigan, blackpool and manchester united combined.  it is equally true, and equally does not really make the point you want to make.

again, you're totally right, tottenham are very big spenders.  you've just engaged in a little funny stats, is all.
once again, julio cesar and his mighty chin kept inter in the lead in a one goal game, before they blew the doors open in stoppage time. match ball goes to julio cesar's chin.
i think he's getting his fashion tips from materazzi.. or he's just really cold.
*psst... torres*

those gestures mean you're a wanker.

he kind of looks like matt parkman (played by greg grunberg) from heroes.

i agree about the match-ball. he's been phenomenal since he recovered from that injury.
if i never read erection and arsene wenger's name in the same sentence, i'll die a happy man.
i'd like them to get a great central midfielder and push marquez to the back. he can't cut it as a dmf player.
... who captains argentina. 
one goal? that's a very [inaccurate](http://soccernet.espn.go.com/player/_/id/108315/lucas-leiva?cc=5739) jab at him...
steven gerrard is actually a lifelong liverpool fan. not arguing with the rest.
check out any number of articles on swissramble.blogspot.com.

&gt; uefa’s financial fair play regulations, which will ultimately exclude from european competitions those clubs that fail to live within their means, i.e. make a profit. these will be implemented in the 2013/14 season, though the monitoring period will cover the preceding two reporting periods, 2011/12 and 2012/13.
wealthy owners will be allowed to absorb aggregate losses of €45 million over three years for the first two monitoring periods, so long as they are willing to cover the club’s losses by making equity contributions, but the maximum permitted loss then falls to €30 million from 2015/16 and will be further reduced from 2018/19 (to an unspecified amount).
yeah, i mean, javier scored *triple* that.
meh, let me know when he tattoos his [freaking team jersey.](http://cdn.tuvez.com/wp-content/uploads/gallery/felipe-alvarez-nacional-tattoo/felipe-alvarez-nacional-tattoo-01.jpg)
since afellay's contract was due to expire in 6 months, psv were in a situation where they could lose him for nothing. taking 3m is well below his value, but they weren't in any position to negotiate. 
like most people who leave liverpool, he was probably tired of looking in dustbins for a bite to eat and getting his hubcaps stolen every day.
arsene wenger's erection. if i'm not happy, nobody can be!
mascherano leaving pool had been on the works for a long long time before he actually left.  there was an interview with him talking about his life there and it sounded pretty miserable.

i don't see the point in the comparisons with alonso as they are completely different players imo.
plenty of alternatives. not like he had overwhelming success in south africa.
the comments he made about liverpool were classless, regardless of how he felt "betrayed" by the previous owners.  he could have left with dignity and hope the team to have success and use the transfer fee well.

i think most sensible fans are let down by torres more than actually angry. he was well on his way to being a liverpool legend, but he decided (not unreasonably) that he valued a few trophies more. i understand and i do respect all that he did for the club, but he'll never be remembered as an important figure in chelsea history, he'll be just another great player they splashed out a lot of money on like a dozen before and after him. at liverpool though, he was a big risk when he signed. he was our record fee. and he came of age playing for us. he **was one of us**, not just some player. i know liverpool fans get mocked for talking about the past a lot; on one hand, our greatest moments *did* come years ago, and it'll be some time before we match them (if ever). on the other hand, *that's how much our history means to us*. torres could have been a part of that, we all wanted to talk about him the way we talk about keegan, emlyn hughes, he was revered the same way fowler was. and now that's just gone. i'm not angry, i'm not bitter (although i expect to be for a couple hundred minutes this sunday). i'm just disappointed.
nothing will compare to the mighty puma kings. don't like the new fancy ones much.
not like that was really his fault. 

i've got no problems disparaging his character or just telling him to piss off - he's earned that. but let's not pretend he's anything less than just about the best in the world in his position (a position his current club don't actually use.)
reminds me of hertha ...
bottom line: i will always be more upset that we lost alonso than mascherano.
sorry i was only counting the prem. i mean the carling cup and europa cup... really?
me too. i'd take alonso back, but not javier. but calling him a nobody just makes you seem bitter. *he's* the one needlessly talking shit, we don't need to join him.
there was the other part where mascha didn't suck ass for the past three straight years
haha yeah i also noticed that, with leeds coming in 2nd... i like leeds cause they seem to dislike manu as much as we do :)
ohhh! only premier league goals count. my bad.
the fact that you are spot on made me cry even harder.
there's also the part where lucas took time to adjust to being played out-of-position in a new league without a stable role in the team, before being just about our best player over the course of this season.
what the heck was he thinking? with so many cameras covering the match, did he honestly think he could get away with that?
those were the first adipures. pretty sweet boots. 
liverpool fans always seem to live in the past, don't they? :p
ah, so those were adipures.  man i wish i could drive the delorean and get 5 more pairs. those were absolute class.  i still have my pair in good condition. 
makes sense.  in the kids defense, he has gone his whole career without ever winning anything at the club level. maybe he was reminded too much about the promises of new ownerships he had heard from in the past. i really did think he would retire a red. 
the newer versions are just as good, if not better. try them out and see how you likem. 
you should've used the article's title "... showed us his balls". would have been much more hilarious.
william gallas?
ugh, alan smith, i remembered him. peroxide hair, tempramental, decent striker though, but still, hate that guy 
did you make this? haven't seen it on redcafe/the usual places. awesome either way.
we suck this year so that's not saying much. lucas didn't get better, the players around him just got worse.
if i could find [these](http://www.footy-boots.com/files/2009/07/adipure-ii-black-met-gold.jpg) again, i would buy a thousand pairs
completely ruined the idea of the first two. what was supposed to simple, basic shoe now looks like the lovechild of the adipure and ctr
http://www.calcio2000.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/la-cicatrice-di-chivu.jpg

http://thestar.com.my/sports/story.asp?file=/2010/3/25/sports/5926849
i came on here to say i'm quite optimistic about the future without torres.. i think it's great for the club! if he was fully fit and playing well for liverpool obviously it would be a terrible loss, but the way he's been lately...
haha yes, let liverpool get a win, but then please win the league instead of man u
sometimes i wonder how they dive, i know it's good for the team but i'd want to turn around and batter the person who punches me...
simply the answer is yes... 
i'm not european but i would think it depends on if they move to a different league, right? cause if you score 10 goals in the epl for wolves then transfer to arsenal you still have scored 10 goals in the epl. just not 10 goals for your current club.

but if you transfer from let's say wolves to barcelona, then no because it's a different league / completely different stats.

correct me if i'm wrong. and yeah i just chose random teams haha. 
this is exactly what i wanted but they don't ship to america. fuck.
pazzo!
clicked on the first thinking i was better at italian than i am, apparently haven't learned many medicinal or body terms. haha 
he'll be 25 this year, hardly a child.
i love it when professional athletes pretend to be squeamish about locker room shit.
city have redeveloped the area around the com stadium and they'll get some revenue through that. the income you are allowed to count has to come from legitimate footballing sources though, you can't just get someone to buy a pie from the food stands for £30m.
why does he have to wear that hat?
&gt; the reason it all happened so late was simple: chelsea feared that manchester city would become involved and prompt an auction. it waited until city had signed edin dzeko, satisfying the club's striking needs, before making the bid.

hard to believe that. the timing doesn't add up. they waited almost two weeks after dzeko was signed. the reason was because torres asked them to bid for him, after he was that there was no action at liverpool in the transfer window
&gt;and yeah i just chose random teams haha.

that's not going to stop goal.com from paraphrasing your post to go along with their **pep desperate to sign matt jarvis in summer** headline.
they'll be back up next year, though. if werder do get relegated, and i really hope they don't, it'll probably be the same for them.
i am saying it seems too short sighted, the current squad have maybe another season left in them. they can't go on forever. look what happened to milan.

the russian seems to have bottomless pockets and has indulged chelsea like a favorite child but he's still a businessman, he knows a bad investment when he sees it.this spending spree seems like a last throw of the dice to get a european cup. 

the uefa fair play rules kick in next season, that will bring chelsea to an even keel with other clubs.
torres isn't getting any younger so he had to make the call and he did. only time will tell if he chose the right one.
no, thanks.
that's what green street hooligans taught me anyway. 
i don't see how what you said contradicts my comment...

i know they reference that site in the article but other sites, including atdhe.net, were closed down by the same agency. 
don't be seen anywhere in newcross or newcross gate with a west ham shirt on... let's just say it'll be hazardous to your health...
it's cool city.
he has also absorbed a lot of this from spanish media, who were frantic over torres in the past week and had interviews with his family, old team members, national team members, etc. 

a lot of that wasn't relayed into the anglo press
take a bow, son.  take a bow.
chivu apologized after the match and cried feeling ashamed
source: http://www.gazzetta.it/calcio/seriea/inter/03-02-2011/chivu-piange-mi-scuso-8030492515.shtml
personally i think caesar's hat is funnier.
on 6 january against chievo verona, he was stretchered off early in the second half after colliding heads with chievo striker sergio pellissier.[4] he was in two hours of surgery for a skull fracture[5] and later cleared of any danger. 

http://thestar.com.my/sports/story.asp?file=/2010/3/25/sports/5926849
barcelona plays with a deep defensive midfielder. that is mascherano's position. he doesn't play because he's not technically good enough for their style of football, particularly when compared to busquet.
well, fair enough then.
can i get a real madrid logo? thanks.
you can be top goalscorer in two leagues sure enough, if when playing for wolves you banged in 30 by january, then went to barcelona and banged in another 30.  and they all count towards the european golden boot.

they're not removed/deleted/ignored from a player or a club.
&gt; i am looking forward to watching him fail at chelsea.

yep, really sounds like you're over him.  it's like wanting to see your ex miserable.  there's still feelings there, and that's ok.  he was a fantastic player for liverpool.  will he be fantastic at chelsea?  possibly.  but to say concretely one way or the other is delusional.
&gt;"it is sad that the press and the club try to convince people that it is all the player's fault when the reality is that liverpool didn't show the interest in keeping us in the club.

yeah, bullshit. he was offered a contract and refused to sign. we offered the same wages as barcelona. he just wanted to play for them, probably thought he could make beautiful triangles with xavi and iniesta all day long. that worked out great for him, in the end.
not really. mascherano's a destroyer, which is different from the role busquets plays. 
damn, he left? this whole time i thought we sent masch to scout barcelona for us
i looked into this yesterday after the hiccup

goals you score for a club will always be goals you scored for that club

goals you score in a league will always be goals you scored in that league

liverpool's top scorer is torres. if torres scores two goals for chelsea, then he will have 11 epl goals this season
tons of clubs showed interest in him, its just that he wanted to go to barcelona
i would say that with only 6 months remaining on his contract, 3m is way *above* his value
well that's the thing.. he was in pretty good form lately.  i really thought he had turned a corner with kenny's arrival.  that's what made the whole transfer so shocking.  i honestly didn't see it coming.  not with the quotes he made in august when he came back from the wc.

i'm not happy to see torres leave, quite the opposite.  but the two replacements we got for him have me excited. 
people need to watch the episode again. one of the first times it said the other guy just mumbles "that is true"
thank you kindly, have an upvote.
i agree,a fashion blunder like that can't stand!
i imagine kenny knows enough about chelsea's strengths to not line up a formation that would get his team destroyed by them. it seemed to me that he used the formation against stoke b/c he didn't have torres and suarez wasn't ready yet, so he used a strong midfield to make up for it. i wouldn't be surprised if pool played a more traditional formation against chelsea. 
have some karma for not reaming me out !
they just won't renew the continental deals if this becomes a problem, or they will jack the pricing up to the point where it is all pay-per-view at higher rates, and with conditions that you can't have uk customers. the only reason you can do this now is because the greeks etc. pay fuck all for premier league broadcast rights

there is no way they are about to watch the entire business go to shit
you know what is funny? i have done this before. we got a group of 70-100 of us together at the local soccer club to watch an epl match (it was liv vs manu, back in '09). the satellite signal kept dropping out, so i took my laptop out, 3g modem and fired up a tvants stream.

worked really well.

'public broadcast' licenses are a real pain. they cost a fortune.
yeah, i agree.  not to say they can't have success in a different formation, and not to say they didn't perform well yesterday, but i definitely saw yesterday's match as a one off.  stoke were unbelievably bad.
this list is missing a lot. i think a lot more people are still pissed off at cole and gallas than care that bruce switched between some shitty clubs in a region where a few thousand people live.
it is *easily* number one. the media and people and everyone went absolutely batshit ballistic over figo. every football fan immediately thinks of him when you say 'judas'
that is fine, and most players *are* journeymen. but don't pander to the fans and pretend you are a lifer if you aren't - which is what most of these people did.

you use the fans for your own purposes and then abandon them when you don't need them.
tickaboo to you too, andy.
when i heard he was signing for utd i more felt sorry for him than hated him
those were taken out of context read the whole thing.
i liked the part where he went on about how the transfer wasn't about the money.
ye but that is different. sometimes the club you love doesn't want you, and you have to get on with your career. king kenny was a rangers fan who signed, played for and then managed celtic
i'm not over him. i'm 22, american, started liking liverpool 3 years ago because of him. it feels like an ex girlfriend who you say you're over but still think about late at night. even if you're both better off.
he is a journeyman that never really expressed huge loyalty anywhere
liverpool fans: how often do you think this formation will be used in the future?
the way he dropped to the ground and started writhing around was almost as disgraceful as the punch. 




obv. never heard of [robert prosinecki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_prosine%c4%8dki) who switched between two sides who would literally be at war with one another within a few years

prosinecki also did barca/real
last time i checked, mascherano has played in 14 of the team's 21 la liga games this season. and while his first appearances weren't too impressive, he seems to be adjusting pretty well to a team that has a pretty difficult midfield to get into.

just sayin'.
being italian soccer i at first assumed this was a dive
i can only hope there was something going on behind the scenes. he might have gotten word of the rumour that gerrard and a couple other players advised kenny to sell him if torres wanted to go. 

mascherano today said that liverpool 'didn't try to keep us', which i found odd.

but i have a feeling he was just over liverpool and wanted to burn the bridge.
rafael is pretty good
emailing all my friends now, should be able to get something together

are they open to being bought?
how many times has he started? how many times has he played over an hour? and how many of those games has he impressed in? i'm something of a barcelona fan too, and he's often pretty anonymous for them when i see him on the pitch. 

 i know it's a difficult midfield to fit into but he's gone from a vital cog to a squad player. after the stink he kicked up and the shit he's talked since, you'd think he was fighting to make a major step forward in his career. sure, he'll pick up more trophies, but his actual playing career's stagnating. 
damn it. why did you have to spoil the score?

i was in the middle of downloading it too.
they just put a total annual budget for the team of 0€, if they are not selling they should  . . . 
[from here](http://www.redditchstandard.co.uk/story-drastic-action-to-save-town's-football-club-33833.html):

&gt;investment from businesses and individuals is being sought and anyone interested should contact tim delaney on 07827 963212.
once again, i don't know why you are being downvoted for voicing a legitimate opinion (whether or not people agree with you).
you're right, i remember now the entire conversation.

still, he never should've said it's my destiny to score against liverpool, if cesc left and said exactly what torres said, i'd be upset.
it's a different role (mainly because of mascherano's style and lack of passing ability), but it's the same position. 
***wolololo***
when you're nearing relegation yeah, only epl goals are meaningful.
to be fair, neville was actually pretty good.

he also did a lot of little 1%er stuff like overlapping decoy runs that gave beckham the time/space to put in a cross.
&gt; to clarify things, the $20 would be for the purchase of the club and we would have to make an additional to run the club, i am pledging $40 

i will pledge the same. we have just hit the 12,000 subscribers mark; if a tenth of us can do the same, then who knows what we can achieve. 
so that's 3 italian leaguers brutally beaten up this week, what's the tally in england?
$48,000
why?
i'm sorry, but i don't fully understand your train of thought there. 

his job isn't to score goals, premiership or otherwise. when it's not your job you take what you can get. 

importance of the goals was never a part of the original topic. it was whether lucas had scored more than one goal for liverpool. which he has. 

i don't think there is more to talk about tbh. unless you think he should be scoring more?
bottom line: i'm going to be pissed and give up watching football when barcelona get fabregas.
i will donate and i'm poor as all hell!
on a good day they would crush stoke, as with any other major team, but consider that they have already played two games that week before that match. this is what epl teams have to deal with and spanish teams don't. it's the same reason epl teams have a harder time in the champions league. if it weren't for english teams having to play up to 3 matches a week they would run the show. also, i doubt i would ever see a 13th place team in la liga go 2-0 up against barca. which is what happened to man utd against blackpool. 
why cant this imaginary wolves player exist :'(
we'll see how good he is against chelsea.  twice.
go to the underground tap on the website and type in your zip code to find local street games.  sweet website to spread soccer in america.  
well he wouldn't be playing for you anymore anyways.
it's worth pointing out that he was in tears during the post-match interview and apologized to rossi.
i doubt very often. we have too many quality defenders who need playing time.
true. i still feel bad for liverpool fans despite the fact that they're massive cunts. but saurez is world class and will be fantastic for them.
it might be that they sign over the club to a co-op for nothing more than the debt obligation, so the funding required then would only be to cover debts and running costs.

we should put an email together and request some info before we go to the trouble. i just called up two friends with 'lets help buy a football club' and they are all for it, offering a few hundred each (although one did say we should get robinho on loan, but i think he was joking)
thanks for the excellent reply bro.
not surprising in the least.
i'll donate if we set this up. didn't we ask them about being the shirt sponsor about a week ago? if we can't set up a purchase, maybe we can become their #1 sponsor. 
the same way john carew and micheal owen play the same position. but would owen start up front as a lone target man for stoke? there isn't a natural place for mascherano in this barcelona team.
well, that was my original point.
http://ageofempires.wikia.com/wiki/age_of_empires_ii:monk
it was my original point first.
if we buy them we can setup the first internet club. voting online, games on youtube, athde.net as the shirt sponsor
the world's [second, after ebbsfleet united f.c.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/myfootballclub) i think.

the pirate bay could be the coolest shirt sponsor. they can torrent the games. 
well, including the copa and (*ahem*) champions league, he's started for barça 16 times this season. of those, 12 have been for the full match. as for being impressive, that's a subjective question. obviously you can't judge a man in his position by the goals he's scored, which is a good thing. :d as i said, he started off a little questionably, but his recent performances have been looking much better.

i think he's got a very strong argument in favour of his move being a step forward in his career. liverpool may have a lot of history, but barcelona have some too, and at the moment they're **making** it. you seem to be saying he should stay a big fish in a (comparatively) small pool.

that said, i don't think it's too classy to drag up past disagreements with your old club the way he's doing. i much prefer players who exhibit humility and focus on what's in front of them, rather than past events.
no, you said that barcelona don't use mascherano's position. they do, they just use a different kind of player in said position. you were either wrong or made a semantic mistake.
i thought the us government seized that site, but its working for me now. 
i used "position" to mean the role he plays. positions aren't as simple as cd/lb/cm/cf any more, lots of players have much more specific roles. and after the big deal that was kicked up over his move, he's gone to a team that doesn't naturally accommodate the specific position he plays, which is the midfield destroyer.
just the pirate ship logo? that would be amazing. 
we could have crowdfunding with something like [kickstarter](http://www.kickstarter.com/). once we know what kind of money we need, we can contribute towards an account which we can set a target to be reached by a certain date. if we don't reach it then we could get the money refunded. 

the club should be a lot cheaper now that it has no manager. maybe we should set the target date to be when it gets relegated to the unibond league.

edit: something like [this (indiegogo)](http://www.indiegogo.com/) could be set up if someone here has a paypal account. it also works with credit cards if you also don't have a paypal account, but the money is disbursed after the funding goal is reached. we could have a target amount (say, [$48,000](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fex5s/rsoccer_moderators_and_members_can_any_of_you/c1fexql)) set for the end of this season. the website does take a cut though, 4% if we don't reach our goal and 9% if we reach it. 
hm?

playing 3-5-2 or 5-3-2 gets more defenders in the side than any other formation.
judging from your obsession with the boots' aesthetic appeal, it is clear that you have never worn them. they are leagues beyond the adipure 1s and much more stable than the 2s.
well, i might be exaggerating the importance of semantics here, but i'm a lawyer, i can't help it.

i believe the term "position" simply indicates the actual place on the field where a player is usually located in reference to his teammates, regardless of his specific role. this also simplifies terminology in discussions.
christian chivu for the time being, has decided not to cover with hair the scar, which will forever be a reminder of the head surgery (mmm...), and is not afraid to show it: the worst has passed, in days he will receive necessary authorization to resume training.

disclaimer: mi italiano e un italiano di strada, no di scuola.
with your second paragraph, i think you've mis-interpreted me. barcelona are obviously a bigger club than liverpool right now, and they've been the best side in the world for several years now. but specific to him, his role has been diminished to one that is far from vital for the team he's in. as a defensive midfielder, he's probably 3rd choice behind busquets and keita. if he left the team, barcelona wouldn't really miss him and i don't think you guys would really feel too much of a hole being ripped in your squad. 

as a liverpool and argentina fan, i've liked mascherano for a long time and i loved him at anfield. but he ruined all that by the way he acted in leaving the club and dealing with it since. i just like that after acting like he was too good to play for us and we were holding him back, he's now gone on to join a club where he's just a squad player. 

he's one of very few ex-liverpool players i actually hold some ill will towards. 
4-5-1 wouldn't be bad. at least until carroll heals. 
fair enough. i think we've mostly been on the same page for a while now.
wizardry.
moses?
when carroll returns, what would you think of kuyt as a right wing-back in a 3-5-2, with gerrard and meireles in front of lucas/aurelio and carroll and suarez together?
according to [google translate](http://translate.google.ca/translate?js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;layout=2&amp;eotf=1&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://www.gazzetta.it/calcio/seriea/inter/03-02-2011/chivu-piange-mi-scuso-8030492515.shtml), mark e smith has accepted his apology even though he lost [so many teeth](http://i.imgur.com/5nobc.jpg). 
in age of empires 1 the priest unit (pictured) could convert enemy units to your side. sides are delineated based on color, including red and blue.

they made their trademark sound of wololoooo while they did this.
i check google translate and gives a good translation check out for non-italian speakers
he thought they were toasting him...
a friends of mine brought this up: what if they sell super vip seats to their owner for 400 million pounds?
is it *the* christian panucci who interviewed him? 
i think garywinston was joking.
marco rossi translated to mark e smith lol wtf!
only if we buy messi
that could work, gerrard, meireles, carroll and suarez up front could be unstoppable. i just don't like the idea of kuyt playing right back. however, johnson playing that spot could work well.
not in london.
[here's the translated article from the link](http://translate.google.com/translate?js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;layout=2&amp;eotf=1&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://www.volkskrant.nl/vk/nl/2698/sport/article/detail/788212/2006/11/02/het-staafincident-een-zwarte-dag-voor-ajax.dhtml&amp;act=url)  

basically, some kid threw a metal bar at the goalie from austria vienna and thus ajax were barred from european competition for 2 years. ajax got it down to one year on appeal.
|he paints the current owners as diabolical evil geniuses. haven't they paid ridiculous amounts of money for players in mlb in the past?what makes sid think that they used torres to fund the new purchases.

welcome to english football media. most of them talk random shit when they don't really understand what is going on. i am disappointed its sid lowe doing this though.
the us gov can only seize .com, .net and .org domains.
&gt;tickaboo 

hahahaha. what the fuck is that shit? sounds like you're playing peek-a-boo.

&gt;teek a boo.

the goal still shouldn't have counted. 
crap, redditch could use robinho. . .anyways . . .we should redact a letter and send it to the club owners, or managers, any takers on how we go about this ? any questions we should ask ? concerns you guys have ?
i can understand why you don't like him so much. he seems very similar to tevez in many respects, and neither are known for their winning personalities. i don't think his exit from liverpool was quite so one-sided however...i mean, look at xabi alonso, for example.

your argument against him leaving is that he was so important at liverpool, while at barcelona he's just "in the rotation". i'm sure river plate felt that way too, but that's not really enough of a reason for him to stay.
ok i am thinking maybe we should get a gmail account and formally ask info about the club, if they are willing to sell it or how about we become some sort of sponsors, any doubts you guys have and concerns should be put forward now, and btw is there any one willing to redact a nice looking letter for the team ? please someone open a gmail account too to do this. i tried , some how google does not want me to open yet another account with them right now. :\
that's a ridiculous list. reminds me of what i do every jan 31st on fm. it is my rl birthday, i deserve a treat.
dang should have tried harder, took 3 semesters and was in italy for 1 of those, but then again in the last month and a half i have barely even though of it and its fading fast i think. :( 
it's not an argument against him leaving, it's just how i view his situation. after he refused to play a match for us, i don't *want* him back. 
this might be heresy, but i get a really awkward feeling from van gaal. if i'm honest, he really rubs the wrong way. that's not to say beckenbauer isn't abrasive as well, just saying van gaal is pretty intense. maybe too intense. 
this is true but goals are goals. 
oooh i forgot about that...that seemed pretty shady you're right.
did you really have to post this again? i'd take goal.com's banter over this dead ass joke any day. 
yes, this is the point.
i always go back to "if 3m is what a team is willing to pay for him, then that is his value". 

you could say barca were paying 3m for the right to have exclusive rights to negotiate with him. 

perhaps they would have been better served to wait 6 months, but i imagine guardiola was thinking he's a bit thin in that department and could be in trouble if his squad has any major injuries.


this seems like the best person to contact. i'd be up for a donation/ membership.
remember stoke city's 20 game streak without a win at the bottom of the table being called a 1 dimensional rory delap throw team? times have changed indeed! and for the better i might add
oh, i was just seeing ugly ass clothes and not knowing what to make of it. 
there is a provision that if a club commits equity and/or development into youth or facilities it will offset that amount in losses. 

it'll get very tricky as we get closer to that season
how do so many people not know andy gray? :/ he's one of the most famous commentators in the world.

["take a bow, son"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tlbaeujo1g#t=35s)
as cool as it would be to buy out this club, i think it would be more beneficial to have someone in redditch be a contact person/ liason (joe rawlings, i'm looking at you (or other redditch redditors.))
you can't. the books have to be open to uefa (i assume) and they won't allow you to pile money in through fake seats/food/sponsorship deals etc.
wing back != fullback
you have a point you're making? it's a fine line you're straddling. 
players bought now will factor into financial fair play regulations on 2 fronts, wages and player amortization. 

player hoarding is really just poor planning and mismanagement. 
i'm happy to hear that. i don't want them taking advantages of any loopholes once the new laws come into play.
definitive list. goal.com suuuuuuure...ಠ_ಠ (not saying op is bad just goal)
[rawlings09 is only 16](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditch/comments/e7bwh/the_status_and_future_for_the_redditredditch/c15xkds) years old, we should be hassling the chairman of their supporters' group, who is [also on reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditch/comments/e84z2/redditch_utd_official_statement_regarding_its/c164ob3):


&gt;do you fancy owning a part of the reds and be involved with the running and decision making of a uk soccer club?
we can do this with an investment of 10,000 dollars buying a 20% shareholding...interested? if we can raise these funds, each contributor will become a shareholder under the trust umbrella...having a voting right at board level and contribute to the future success of redditch united.
yeah, i know andy gray. it's not "tickaboo", it's "teek a boo"
i think that messi is way out of reach...for now. we can have a team of older, semi-retired or recently retired players that we can coax out of retirement.


                  rivaldo---------ronaldo---------crespo
                  edgar davids-------makelele------veron
     roberto carlos-------cannavaro------roberto ayala------william gallas
                   david james (gk)


barca had/have a small squad. it was something like 18 players just before this season started.
what a signing. 3 goals in 2 matches, could've been more.
oh and india '10 jersey pretty sickk! 
sorry, i didn't know that. it seemed  to me like he was the contact person for buying merch. i don't mean to harrass anyone, just looking for ways to help the club.
i am sorry. it is hard to convey tone online, i was joking about the hassling part.
i just ordered mine online :(
i'd love a new england revolution crest. failing that, arsenal would suit me just fine. :)
[2:46](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb5yfglqyuu#t=2m46s) for those using reddit enhancement suite
no worries.
in other countries, it's a sign of rebellion, like an anarchy flag or skull and cross bones. they're not displaying it to support a dissolution of a union. they're saying "we're punk rock and we don't take shit from no one"
count me in!
interesting, thank you!  
we should ask [bobmarleyreds](http://www.reddit.com/user/bobmarleyreds), chairman of their supporters group to set up a [crowdfunding](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crowd_funding) project. he said [two months ago](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditch/comments/e84z2/redditch_utd_official_statement_regarding_its/c164ob3) that he will contribute the first $1,000 out of $10,000 that will get us a 20% share of the club. 

it was an excellent idea and it is similar to what you are proposing. if he can set up a project on a crowd-sourcing website like [indiegogo](http://www.indiegogo.com) than people here can contribute towards a fixed goal for a fixed date. if we don't reach that goal then we can get our money back (minus a 4% service fee, but i am sure there must be other websites that don't charge as much). maybe if  $10,000 got us a 20% share of the club two month ago, then for a club without a manager, players etc.  $50,000 should get us a 100% share
crespo, maka, rivaldo?
u just named like 3 of my 5 fave players are u a wizard?
ask for their financials. i have never bought a football club before, but i have bought businesses and been involved with sales. the steps would be:

+ register and entity. this would be in the uk and would be a form of non-profit entity that allows thousands of share and vote holding members. this might be, and usually is, cheap ($50-80)
+ assign a board and committee to the entity who can act on behalf of the shareholders. this would involve having an initial general meeting that would involve simple formalities such as ratifying a constitution (available online) and forming a provisional committee
+ register our interest in purchasing the club. this would involve sending them a formal letter and signing a single page agreement that would involve non-disclosure, zero liability, time frames and possible a no-shop clause
+ go through all of the financials. we would need to bring in an accountant to do searches to make sure that there aren't any hidden debts or creditors, and a quick audit of the books (if we find a volunteer accountant, the cost price of the searches could be as little as $50)
+ collect money and send out shareholding and voting certs
+ form a full-time committee and board and ratify new constitution
+ make a bid for the club

so there is a bit of a catch-22 here, where we want to do part of step 3, which is to checkout the details of the club, but without having to sink $200-300 into registering an entity incase it doesn't happen (same with collecting money). i would suggest that we send an email requesting basic details, whatever they are willing to hand over without signing an agreement, in the form of an audited financial statement and a snapshot of the balance sheet as of today, and then work from there.
came here expecting to find discussion about what happened in the video, but apparently this is the first time 90% of r/soccer members have seen inter milan's chivu in the last 12 months.
i would suggest setting up an entity and then registering a paypal account for that entity (ie. a uk based charity). kickstarter is ok, but their fee's are high - they charge 5% on top of the existing transaction fee's

with a charity, we could use paypal directly and not pay any fee's on transactions at all. we would just setup a separate bid/committee website and drive people to it.

kickstarter doesn't really drive any traffic, there aren't that many people who visit kickstarter thinking 'oh what can i throw money at today', so im not sure if its worthwhile (they could waive the fees, though)

i think once this is setup, the rest of reddit would also get involved.

(edit: i take back what i said about kickstarter, i visited the homepage and they have 'featured projects' etc. it might be worthwhile)
typical man city view
i have teammates that do this all the flipping time. i don't know how this works. i can't even do it on purpose. 
is there a reason this is in r/soccer?
as a lifelong supporter of bristol city i am very offended that you included david james on this list.


:(
i am sorry, i needed an englishman in my hypothetical team. :(  
ronaldo should be higher twice in two countries that is dedication! also i never really heard being called a traitor but roberto baggio didnt he play for juventus, milan and inter?
i could have made my original point without coming across as slightly brusque so i will try again just in case rawlings09 or any other members of trust read this.

i didn't mean to come across as disrespectful to rawlings09. he has been our only liaison with redditch and it is obvious that he is very passionate about his local club and he is also someone who is very appreciative of whatever support redditors have given here (buying merchandise etc.) but if we have more senior members of trust co-ordinating with us on reddit then we could turn this reddit-redditch relationship into something concrete. i can understand their scepticism but if they just set up a donate button then i'm sure they will be surprised. 
ill donate around 50-80 when my scholarship money comes in.
he has posted in /r/redditch a few times before.
something like this would need to be a redditwide venture. i couldn't just be limited to r/soccer, the subreddit isn't big enough. we need to talk to the reddit admins about this. i am a mod on /r/redditch, but i think it would be better if we got 9jack9 or another major mod of /r/soccer in to talk to the reddit admins and see if we can get something to the front page. that would be a start.
in spain it is figo, in england a cole, campbell, and to a certain extent rooney
r.i.p
what language is that? it reminds me of ukrainian, but i feel like it could be polish or half a dozen other slavic languages.

//ukrainian who only speaks russian.

///+english. 
we should try and get ahold of an admin and see if one of them would be willing to peg this thread to the front page.
true english football fans i see, its always a dive.
i raise you a quid and 20 empty pot noodles. 
i think that we should get the trust member to comment on this first and set up a target for ourselves. once we have a target and % of goal achieved it would be easy to get the rest of reddit to join in. 
not sure why this is being downvoted, sure it was easy to miss but the statement is pretty true.  go watch the last two games milan played and tell me those refs weren't completely awful.
honestly, watching birmingham and man city duke it out without terrible long balls and horrible shot attempts makes me love arsenal more and more. 
i think the first steps are:

1. initial email probe to get basic details, and then if they are keen
2. setup a bid/community website. at this point mostly to seek help and arrange an initial committee of some sort. involve at least one volunteer lawyer and a volunteer accountant
3. register the entity in the uk

then once we have that in place and ready to accept money, pimp the hell out of it, including reddit

lets do step 1. why don't we meet on irc or something like that (skype chat?) and get an email drafted
i just sent a message to the admins of reddit about actually getting a post stickied to the front page for a day. we'll see what they say.
i for one, thought your tone was fine. i have noticed a lot of back and forth between reddit and redditch ("what if we did this? what would happen if...?) with little concrete decisions. i like your idea  of a "donate" button. seems like this would help.
sure thing. i already messaged the admins to see if they actually would sticky something for us, when the time is right. 
i'm very broke and very interested. if this happens, please contact me, i'll be down for a few hundred for the novelty of it. 
he seems to rub a lot of people the wrong way.  and apparently he rubs himself the wrong way in front of his players, so maybe that is part of it. 


bvb are great to watch.. that guy sahin is the one to watch out for.. someone is sure to snap him up at the next transfer window.. best young box to box cm in europe at the moment..
"squeamish about locker room shit" ?  this isn't a case of seeing a guy in the showers, this is a case of an old man pulling down his pants in front a group full of men and telling him that he has the balls to fire them.  

i would be more worried about anyone who *wasn't* "squeamish" about their boss doing that to them. 
arsenal please! :d
i'm not usually the sort of person to make these kinds of useless comments, but this, sir, made my day.  good show.
id suggest asking all of reddit not just /r/soccer.


id gladly give $40.
i have posted on their [supporters' group trust forum](http://redditchunited.forumfree.co.uk/t167-fao-bob-marley-re-reddit). 

(please not that they have moved to a new forum now)

i have posted about the trust chairman's comment two months ago about taking over a part of the club through buying trust membership (20% shareholding for $10,000 with the chairman contributing the initial $1,000). let's hope he follows up on this. i think that this is only possible through trust. it would be impossible for us to go to the club directly. we need to do this under the trust umbrella. 
america and by extensions the businesses that own it own the world though.
right now it seems a little wishy-washy and this thread is not even that popular here on r/soccer (20 ups, 5 downs). but once we have something concrete then we can promote the hell out of it, we can even use a % for advertising on the rest of reddit. 
yes downvote guy who asks question.  middle school all over again.
that's another thing i'll miss since torres left. i can't quote that song :(
trollnando trolles.
i will gladly donate $20 or even more.
barcelona if you wouldn't mind. 
schalke!!!!!!!
we always knew he was a red carrol carrol,

hes got a dirty greasy head carrol carrol,

he punches birds, he burns his house.

but we dont care thats fucking scouse,

andy carrol liverpool's number 9. 

torres's baby. 

jk jk jk
i'm done.  that's it.  i'm done.
what were good at math? i didn't know that was a generalized thing for us. i guess there are worse things.
lol what? did you even read the article? a significant portion of us get to view our games via these sites. i'm actually surprised you received one upvote and weren't downvoted into oblivion. considering there's a post almost once per week here concerning where to view matches and almost ever match thread contains a link to adthe.
robinho + england = bad move. trust me on this one.
well... we have a cock standing on a ball.
thanks, i added that one
&gt; by selling 1.2 million "ronaldo 9" shirts in madrid alone (repeat: only in madrid, not counting the ones sold everywhere else in the world). 

what? that's nonsense. madrid's population is 3.5million, 1.2m is close to a third of the population buying ronaldo's shirts.
yep, he is. also look out for götze, he is a highly talented offensive midfielder and seems very experienced for his 18 years
traveling fans?
neither did messi.
i will always keep my eric wynalda usa jersey the i got off ebay from an address in thailand for twenty bucks. things been with me forever.
you had downvotes in middleschool? wtf?
we have to win this revierderby... in the history of the bundesliga shalke and dortmund have played 75 games and out of that we're drawn at 27 wins each. man i'm so exited for this. totally gonna be watching it during work hours on my laptop.
quality... defenders? like?
nothing to worry about. they'd make great defenders.
england? why would you do such a thing?
heh, they are defenders actually. but in indoor the positions rotate enough that time to time they make fools of themselves in front of goal. 
thank you for your absolutely pointless comment.
i like the sponsorship idea more than owning the club. too much responsibility, stress etc
speak for yourself. after that month in 2009 they cannot go far enough away. gravgaard!
that's why the carroll deal is  so ridicoulos. after shirt sales, liverpool have probably spend more money on him than chelsea will have on torres
okay fewer top players coming to the premier league over other highly thought of leagues because, let's be honest, these guys are here for the money.
don't liverpool have a much larger fanbase than chelsea? they are a massive club worldwide, i would imagine they would vastly outsell chelsea.
i'm a big fan of situations where it was harder **not** to score.  takes a lot of skill to miss that.
me too! he's been by far our best player this season as pitman and adomah's form has cooled.
yep, and that experiment really didn't work out for fans, nor the club itself.

it was a good idea, allowing the fans to have power, until fans who paid realised that ultimately they had no say as members would band together to get decisions made, and more often than not it was entirely up to the "head coach" whether they followed the fans advice or not.

so yeah, outside of a few deals that didn't work out (akinde to bristol city, who turned out to be a flop and is probably destined to return to the conference) i think that internet ownership is a very poor idea.
i can't help but feel that we're oversimplifying things a bit.

i doubt that we could muster the fan-power required to keep redditch alive. if we all chipped in we'd probably be able to give them around £500 at best, and in football that's not really that much. simply donating will do very little to help the cause. it's very likely that we'll get one chance to woo the people of reddit towards this idea, and we need to make it as effective for the club as possible.

let's face it, even the best redditch fan will realise that relegation is right around the corner and the best possible thing the club can do right now is to build for an immediate return to the conference. the best thing we could do is to promote redditch to the wider reddit community, along with redditch sponsorship in mind and the purchase of redditch shirts with reddit logos.

i may make a post outlining why this idea would be better later on, but sadly i must join the real world and get some work done.
that looked a cracking match
not as disgraceful, but he clearly goes into embellishment mode.  i think it's just a subconscious habit at this point.
please don't do it like this. the internet is far too fickle for it. you might raise the money in year 1 but in year 2? year 6? 

the club is dying and a cash injection would save it in the short term and leaving it in capable hands could keep it around forever. 

not a buyout by a community which may not even exist in 2 years time. who knows what will happen to reddit? i'd donate money but i know fine that i wouldn't dig deep in a few years to pay £50-100 if that was required. 

sponsor the shirt for 2 seasons, raise £15,000 or so to do it.
and if you scored 50 in the championship and 20 in the epl, they work out the two totals separately for the golden boot. 
balls or gtfo.
why? it was alonso that made that midfield. mascherano is the most overrated played liverpool have had in recent times.

this has been liverpool's problem in recent times. you keep trading down. you swapped hamann for an inferior in mascherano (then got rid of the inferior). then you swapped alonso for lucas.

undoubtedly mascherano is better than what you have but he isn't going to make as much of a difference as people seem to think.
what the hell was going on with uruguay's marking on the cross for colombia's goal?

there were three defenders around the 6-yard box and none of them even challenged for the ball.
glory suppporters, most people with an arsenal, chelsea, man u or liverpool badge will never have stepped foot in thier home ground. 
seahorses motherfucker, don't you ever forget.
this is how followers of [lord inglip](http://reddit.com/r/inglip) betray their master.
some of the reports after his signing said negotiations had been going on for nearly two weeks... liverpool chose to go public when it suited them, neither chelsea nor torres made the story public
because your new striker had trouble with an open net and basically had to rely on a defender running it in? ;) i'm kidding of course suarez looked good still not sure about the rest of the team though bar gerrard and reina of course
utd have neville, scholes and giggs who have all played their entire career there.
but still total the result.
yes and everyone hates west ham. at least i did when redknapp was there.
nobody else had the balls to take the necessary risks. can he be blamed? his options were utd, retiring or no longer playing top class football.
yes.  don't forget though that as far a the golden boot is concerned, all goals aren't equal; so it is possible to score 10 goals in one league, 15 goals in another and the 10 count more than the 15.
wasn't robbie fowler an everton fan as a youngster? a man liverpool fans now call god.
yeah feeling sorry for one of the greatest players ever is appropriate. the fact is that ronaldo achieved all he did while treating the game with contempt due to his lifestyle off the pitch. if he were a model professional then not even god knows what he would have achieved.
til rivaldo is still playing. 
which was why john stead was top scorer in the epl once over thierry henry. he scored loads at huddersfield, then a fourth tier team, and was rewarded with a transfer to blackburn rovers. 

of course he didn't win the golden boot but it looked funny on teletext. 
wow. i remembered when he was on barcelona still....

time flies.
i'm sure your comment is falling down due to real hits on the down arrow. you aren't a diver, mission accomplished!
in the us? the reddit is not called soccer for nothing ;)
they're not even from the south!
just a simple ram. sheep shag armyyyyyyyy!
&gt; if dalglish puts this lineup out against chelsea, pool are going to get slaughtered down the wings.

chelsea might not play any wingers at all. if their formation (once kalou had come on as a substitute) against sunderland is anything to go by, there is a strong chance of them playing a 4-3-3 with a narrow front 3 consisting of anelka playing deep in the hole behind drogba and torres. if malouda is included in the midfield, he may well tuck in from the left, leaving chelsea depending for width on cole and bosingwa.

johnson as the left wing-back in a liverpool 3-5-2 wouldn't really mind bosingwa getting forward down the touchline because it will allow him to get forward himself. playing on his off-side makes cutting inside to shoot a more viable option.

chelsea will obviously be more dangerous than stoke, with more creativity in midfield and deadly finishing potential... but a similar formation wouldn't necessarily be a disaster.
he's also the commentator on the fifa games, and has been for the last 7 versions of the game.

(these games are published by a small us company called electronic arts, whose games are mildly popular in the us.)
its not as bad as scotland's number 1 strikers miss against norway http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqkshpkgabw
[actually, no.](http://www.sportingintelligence.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/best-selling-shirts31.8.10.jpg)

chelsea's world-wide appeal has come on leaps and bounds since abramovich invested in big names. players like drogba account for huge sales in countries i can't even pronounce. 

edit: [mystery solved.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-530184/chelsea-star-drogba-spends-thousands-buying-replica-shirts--prove-fans-favourite.html)
this is really a great article. i very much recommend taking the time to read it.
this should be the chant on sunday. if some one was dressed as the priest unit it would be even funnier.
get a grip on reality? why the hell do people watch football or any other entertainment for that matter if not to transcend reality. 

footballers are gods and i am only half-cynical in saying this.
how do i enable the crest?
nice to see daglish still has his tactics book from 20 years ago.
that thumbnail looks like 3 dudes taking a piss.
derby county please :)
also, the fact that the majority of football fans don't really know much about football means the group decisions were largely wrong. football managers are experts, we're not.
atlético madrid - bear trying to shag a tree
the world wide liverpool fanbase would far out number chelsea fans but there's a growing chelsea fanbase in places like the us which would amount to a large number of authentic shirt sales which nike and adidas could measure the statistics of.
sorry if it's too much offtopic, but i found it interesting
what is marquis? is it like a british knighthood?
what i understand is that van gaal will destroy anybody with an ego that's supposed to be bigger than the team. if you are in his squad, you play the way he wants you to and if you do, you win cups and trophies. if you don't fuck you, that's no what you are being paid for. 

bit hard, yes, but many many players just love van gaal. he's a bit like his former apprentice mourinho: everybody hates him except for the people that worked with him and did as they were told. van gaal won the champions league with a very young team he raised almost single handed. many of that ajax-squad became absolute world class:   edwin van der sar, danny blind, frank rijkaard (well ok, he was old already), frank de boer, clarence seedorf, edgar davids, ronald de boer, jari litmanen, marc overmars, patrick kluivert...	

but...but....i live on another continent! *runs away crying*
absolutely. 

another key thing the project completely neglected was the business side of football. even in the conference a club is a business, and the person in charge has to run the club as if it were a business. even though we don't like to hear it, running a football club is absolutely no different than running a lingerie shop, a telemarketing firm or a multinational food chain. ultimately, business is business wherever you go, and myfootballclub had too much riding on fan-power to really do much with the club.

ultimately, very little happened with the club itself, and the second paying members realised that they had very little power to do anything decisions were never made, or were instantly opposed by other fans. the whole project merely highlighted that you cannot have thousands of people making every decision for the club in an "even" hierarchy.

anyway, reddit shouldn't look to "control" redditch united. what we should be doing is offering our support to the chairman, and the only way we can get the community fully behind this is to build a formulated plan to introduce redditch united to the community itself. people keep forming single campaigns that get a number of followers, but ultimately die out as everything does on here.
does not work [across leagues](http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/holger_aden), sadly.

true, and a lot of americans who want to follow premier league football will follow the winners that their media tends to follow, rather than making an informed decision on who they should like that isn't based on "who plays the best football" or "who is the most exciting to watch".
don't worry, you'll walk all over us again in relegation match :-/
ha ha, yeah. nothing like that "modern" 4-4-2 is there?
morecambe f.c. have a [fighting prawn](http://www.morecambefc.com/page/welcome).
chelsea have no hope of recouping the money spent on torres, let alone through shirt sales. 

they'd have to sell ten million extra shirts a year, and that's never going to happen. looks like uncle roman will have to write off some new loans. 
less fighting prawn, more like tasty bbq prawn. mmm can't wait for summer
its a play on the old torres chant which was based on this video

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leyhcu708h0
i'd be down to donate some $$$
i would have agreed with you a couple years ago but these days it's much easier to follow any of the teams in europe. spurs haven't been on tv in the last week and a half but i can still catch their games streaming somewhere, it just seems to pan out that most americans are glory hunters or masochistic if they support liverpool ;)
third of 6 (count em) old firm derbies this season.  predictions?
if they'd sell 10 million shirts they'd make 550 million ponds. their yearly revenue is 225 million so that would triple their budget lol  
i understand the us has a team called the red bulls (if you're not familiar, it's actually a soft drink) and the crest is basically an advertisement for red bull. won't be long before mls is hosting games like mcdonald's fc v. viagra united.
i'm in, keep me updated.
a noble title, it's not the same as knighthood. 
hes a working professional.. has every right to choose where he wants to go, the fans ultimately should have no say in what he chooses to do with his own life!
that's true if you assume that yanks want to invest time in supporting a team, but to me it typically comes down to "tradition/late to the glory party = liverpool, good football = barcelona/arsenal, winning = man utd, capitalism = chelsea/real madrid". teams like west ham, fulham and spurs get bonus points for being in london.

i've never met an american blackburn support, and i doubt i ever will.
pfizer - now sponsoring young viagra boys of wankdorf.
watch what he did in 1:34. wow

watched him many times live and even took photos with him when he played for us. he is a cool guy
i really think this is the best way to go too, i am not in the uk so doing anything would be out of my reach, thank you for contacting the admins about this, besides i really do not want to touch other people's money,can you pm me or something so we can talk about this, the best way should be setting up an initial email and contact.
whilst it would be nice to save the club (and possibly own some of it), lets not forget why they are in this dire situation. they are attracting too few people to watch their games to remain financially sustainable. if this issue isn't addressed then the attempts to save the club may work in the short term but may well be doomed in the long run.
yorkshire terrier on mine.
i pledge to send € 2 to the future paypal account, as soon as i get a team crest ;-)
&gt; but he'll never be remembered as an important figure in chelsea history, he'll be just another great player they splashed out a lot of money on like a dozen before and after him.

how do you know? he may score a score and win us the league this season, or score the winner in a champions league final, nothing is certain in football.

some of the comments on this reddit and r/liverpoolfc have shown that some lfc fans are out of touch with reality of modern football and are acting like bunny boiling girlfirends
oh, i love that about him. don't get me wrong. 

i guess i find his abrasiveness in interviews a little off putting. but you know what, you bring success, i don't care what you do or how you act. you make a good point. 
like a british peerage.
i don't and i'm a leeds fan.  more effort than skill, but always gave 100%.  he waived his fee so the club could keep more money.  i know a lot of leeds fans hate him, but i have nothing but respect for him.  kewell on the other hand...
this apparently went over your head: i was asking for clarification about your question. are you suggesting, via question, that italy is a brutal league and that england is much better? because that's the implication i got out of it. hence, i wanted clarification if you were being snarky, or legitimately asking for a comparison tally of violent behavior in england. also, i didn't downvote you so that is an unnecessary comment. 
haha
that's not entirely unique in the realm of heraldry.  many towns in history, especially port towns, expressed affinity for the sea by adopting seahorses, mermaids, dolphins, and yes, even narwhals.
we have a special relationship and it is not weird. 
to be a traitor you have to identify with a club in the first place. i'm not convinced players like ronaldo ever did this and as such he is not a traitor.
i know, but i was thinking that if they won some more games, they would be getting more people at the stadiums, and i was thinking maybe some $ would make the players happier to play, and give them a shot at winning every once in a while, hopefully we can find a way to make this happen, so far i am getting some good input but not real way to get in contact and make this more formal, if you know what i mean.
thanks!.
fulham probably get more fans/recognition for having clint dempsey. same goes for any other club with american players.
they don't make £55 profit for every shirt sold. adidas take a huge cut as do the retailers / transport etc.
why does chelsea have to pay torres for selling shirts with his name on? is this a standard practice among all clubs?
stop. linking. to. goal.com

you're giving them revenue everytime you do that. take a screenshot instead and then we can laugh and point.
everyone who visits the bernabau buys a jersey
&gt;the last two seasons, torres has led the premier league in shirt sales -- even beating out cristiano ronaldo in 2008/09, while scoring fewer goals and winning nothing

i understand that they're only talking about the premier league, but the guy scored the winning goal of the euro08 final. it's not some dumb luck that he's extremely popular. 
we could also get lots of young players on loan from big clubs. i'm sure that barcelona have a couple of good ones.
£100,000,000 / 1,200,000 shirt sales = £83 per shirt

isn't that kinda steep?
&gt;they don't make £55 profit for every shirt sold.

yes that's why i compared it to their annual revenue and not their profit. 
he apologized after the fact, saying he was ashamed of his actions and especially of how his children will think of it.  he will  be suspended (~3 games most likely).  he's by no means a dirty player, so the "stay classy, christian chivu" isn't really warranted.  if this were materazzi or even the departed muntari, i would agree.
red bull salzburg as well.

edit: and rb (red bull) leipzig. and red bull brasil.
melvin
as long as carragher isn't part of it, liverpool will be fine. 
cool. thank you

there is even [fulhamerica](http://www.whoareyadesigns.com/_product_90497/fulhamerica_standard_fit_small) shirts
so they're like football agents? must be the priciest unit the game.
there seems to be something at work here in the culture of the game that i don't totally understand.  put plainly, aside from safety concerns, who gives a shit?  i mean, listen to roy keane sounding like players are going onto the field wearing a live wildebeest.  what am i missing here?
they're the shrimps and we're the shrimpers, capiche?
they (football teams) don't make £55 revenue per shirt either but that's not the point. i think you were just making a throwaway point about how big of a deal it would be to sell 10 million shirts, but i mistook it for you saying how super rich they would be.
what's next? camelbacks and coffee on the pitch? 

also, let's remember these players are more or less quasi-commodities and employees - unless there is a safety reason for them wear something, the league can more or less tell them what to wear.
your suggested formation is a definite possibility, but then it wouldn't be a 4-3-3 (which suggests wing play up top).  it would mean a 4-4-2 diamond formation with torres and drogs up top, anelka playing the top of the diamond, lampard and essien in midfield and ramires or mikel holding the bottom of the diamond.  

personally, i've always liked this formation, as we have the fullbacks that can provide the width.  

however, it still would trouble the 3-5-2 since stoke only played with one up front and chelsea would be playing with two up front and an attacking midfielder, with lampard and essien controlling the middle.
 rb salzburg also has this. 
not surprised at all, they kept fenway around this long. 
that's one of the things about advertising, it can always get worse.  makes me want to give up on sports.
i'm american and an arsenal fan because they play the kind of soccer i like to watch . i spent a little time in south america and i find the style of play to be similar to what i saw in matches there. 

and i promise you that if i ever make it to england (and i hope i do), i'll be stopping by the emirates before trafalgar or big ben. 
with sports in general. image rights. 
right. i think the fact that he was part of the wc winning squad last year has something to do with the phenomenal shirt sales this year, too. 
that's the symbol of the city of madrid. a bear shagging a tree.
just a sword. no messing, straight to the point.
eh, the hysterical rolling around negates the actual hit.

or

should have got up, shook hands, and then pow! ok, now we're even...
chelsea's fanbase in africa is insane.  with drogba alone (add in essien for ghana and mikel for nigeria) chelsea has arguably the three best players in their respective african countries.
huzzah!
good to see fifa have their priorities straight. this is a major issue facing the game and should, absolutely, take precedence over the continually re-occurring corruption svandals.

also, *bitter* as it may seem, i remember ferdinand making that comment about man u players not wearing them. naturally, i looked 
carefully at the next match. he was right, but most were wearing long sleev turtle necks. it wasn't even cold that night in manchester. soft lads.

(yes, i know that was a petulant dig at man u but i'm hardwired for it.)
sergio's ability to destroy is greatly underrated. he just intercepts and pressures to force bad passes rather than tackles, but the result is the same, or usually better because it leads to less yellows and more possession. that said, nobody can touch mascherano in just destroying the fuck out of anything anybody with the ball is trying to do. too bad he's a mediocre passer (by barça standards). 
i'll keep calling them rasen ballsport because fuck them and their omnipresent advertising. if they don't get to call the team red bull i certainly won't do it for them.
they don't even need suarez anymore.


for some reason, even the unfunniest of the annotations become flipping hilarious when you don't expect them.
the team i support, new england revolution, has the most unimaginative crest i've ever seen. it's an american flag with ball where the stars would be. it's ridiculous, and i wish they'd hurry up and change it. 
can you really look at the entirety of my comment and say i'm being unreasonable? 

how many of chelsea's buys since the russian came in do you really think are going to go down as club legends? half the guys who were instrumental to your first title wins in decades have already moved on and faded into memory. gudjonsson, robben, duff... legends? and how many newer fans know much about guys like zola and desailly? i don't mean to denigrate the whole club and fanbase (not on this occasion anyway) but when you're buying big names every transfer window and banking on instant success, i don't think you really have time to form the same kinds of attachments with your players. and considering how many chelsea fans i've heard calling him a "perma-crocked trannyboy twat" (or variations thereof) it doesn't sound like he's really being embraced as a symbol of the club. i'm sure he'll score a lot of goals and probably win you things, but there's a difference between being a successful, effective player and going down in the club's history as a hero. i may be wrong, but i don't think he'll ever be the latter for you.
haters gonna hate
this is a great blog overall. 
i don't think he was the best passer by liverpool standards either. sb's very good at breaking up attacks, but not in the same way mascherano is. thing is, with barcelona dominating possession in every game, he just doesn't get as many chances at being effective - he doesn't have the same range of abilities as busquets or keita. mascherano does one thing exceptionally well, but it's something barca don't absolutely need. busquets does 3 or 4 things really well, and they're all things that make the whole team play better. 
not just that, but the ball and stripes are stylized to look like a dry brush technique, and even worse than that, it doesn't exist within any sort of badge, it just floats in space.
yeah i know that winning generally will get people back but i guess i'm just trying to warn people of the amount of time, effort and money that it'll take to turn the club around. it needs more than a one-off donation/sponsorship to save the club.
the most sensible thing fifa has done since its inception, no lie.
that made me unbelievably happy. at first i didn't know what to think about my team signing a 38-year old who was playing in uzbekistan, but i think he showed eveyone he's still got what it takes.
i'm of the belief that your local team should come first, call me stuck in my ways, but if a team like arsenal 'did a leeds' and plummeted, all their 'support' would vanish, and that's just not supporting the club it's supporting a brand.

when it comes to american sport, i have adopted the worst teams and perrenial underachievers as a counterweight to this, so if they ever become 'successful' i'll hop ship as a countermeasure to this.

to be fair, my comment was targeted more at english fans of the game so i can understand the downvotage.
what if the ball is kicked at someone and it breaks their nose.

no more soccer balls!

while were at it no more fingernails, no more cleats, no more strings on shorts someone could accidentally pull it and squeeze tevez's little tummy
any true fan is a fan of the cosmos anyway.

and the crest for the cosmos is awesome.

http://redbulls.theoffside.com/files/2009/05/cosmos-300x300.gif
dalgish looks like a goblin
ewww, sunderland.
of all of the replies i have gotten so far, your is the best, i really want to help them out, thing is that we need a way to do that, i made this post to see how we could go about doing this, buying the club would be an option, but not the only one, i really would like it if there was a way we could put a legitimate link to donate for the club, a donate button on the side bar would be great, so far i am trying to get in touch with some one that can go about making an official request for info, and some mods to make this an community effort, rather than just a section of r/soccer playing football manager with real life players, i am ok with the idea of sponsorship too, do you know any way we cam make contact with the team ?
[this](http://www.juggle.com/tampa-bay-rowdies-primary-logo) guy seems more happy than berserker.

edit:  our defunct team had a [bat](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://www.sportslogos.net/images/logos/9/334/full/1568.gif&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.sportslogos.net/logo.php%3fid%3d1568&amp;usg=__6myjny8nw6mfmqrvypbi-vjvvwa=&amp;h=545&amp;w=522&amp;sz=15&amp;hl=en&amp;start=0&amp;sig2=dpkb1wnfyyaefopznpqviw&amp;zoom=1&amp;tbnid=xo3qn_vpdh3urm:&amp;tbnh=124&amp;tbnw=119&amp;ei=hgxmtbitoywclgevwvdudw&amp;prev=/images%3fq%3dtampa%2bbay%2bmutiny%2blogo%26um%3d1%26hl%3den%26safe%3doff%26client%3dfirefox-a%26sa%3dn%26rls%3dorg.mozilla:en-us:official%26biw%3d637%26bih%3d303%26tbs%3disch:1&amp;um=1&amp;itbs=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=122&amp;vpy=-72&amp;dur=897&amp;hovh=229&amp;hovw=220&amp;tx=116&amp;ty=216&amp;oei=hgxmtbitoywclgevwvdudw&amp;esq=1&amp;page=1&amp;ndsp=9&amp;ved=1t:429,r:0,s:0).
at the end of the day they are *very well paid* workers. no difference. people attach themselves to anything. it's not the players' fault.
exactly! i think of all the mls crests, sounders, timbers, philadelphia and the new sporting kc have the best crests. a lot of the others are just hokey.  
well, i can tell you bayer leverkusen is owned by bayer pharmaceuticals, and their crest resembles a [bayer tablet](http://i.imgur.com/pishj.jpg). this is not the only example. historically, many teams have been started under the wings of a big local corporation. remember that salzburg is the home town of the red bull corporation, it makes some sense even they robbed sv austria salzburg of their color and crest. as for the other red bull branded teams around there, i approve less.


edit: it would be interesting to see a list of professional football teams started under corporations.
i lol'd at him.
that's nothing, i have downvotes on vinyl
hi guys and girls...my name is steve workman and i am a member of the trust (the redditch united supporters trust). i have recently moved to virginia beach va due to work commitments, so i am now based stateside.
the club is owned by it's shareholders which amount to 45,000 shares priced at 1gbp each. to be honest, the shares are worthless as the club has no assets (the ground is owned by the local authority etc).
if reddit members want a say in the way the club is run, we can purchase 15,000 shares and will then become a single director alongside ken and dave...ken is a good guy and just wants the club to continue....money will never be made at this level of soccer, it's about the sport, the passion and the involvement.
as i said, i am happy to start the funds with a $1000 donation and if we can reach the 15k needed, then we can move things forward.
we can utilize the trust members as our local representatives who will be our voice and help with the day to day things.
comments?
thanks for that.
i could not agree more. fantastic writing, interspersed with geography, history, and politics, all seamlessly woven.

the author gets at a critical piece of spanish culture, which is:

madrid (the city, the autonomous community, and the real madrid team) serve as 'concentrators' of spain (and, by extension the iberian penninsula, and by further extension, much of the latin world).

madrid (all three definitions) pulls the world into itself, and makes it its own. at this point, the classic images of madrid (flamenco, bullfighting, paella + sangria, calamari sandwiches) all had their origins elsewhere in spain (or iberia, by extension). it's only natural that, after a while, we kinda-sorta forget that cronaldo is actually portuguese. we don't think of him so much as spanish as we think of him as madrileño.

meanwhile, barcelona (and catalunya, and fc barcelona) behave differently, they strive for an individual/regional identity that prizes local ethnicity and culture and language (despite the fact that messi comes from thousand upon thousands of miles away).

madrid swallows up and makes their own, barcelona stands on its own in contradistinction. i make no value judgments on either city/autonomous community/squad or either way of doing things. 

it's a quite lovely parallel, and nicely covered in the article.

and finally, the author's suggestion to merge la liga and the premeira liga? i'm for it.
so glad i had the joy to witness the greatness of rivaldo in greece, forever thankful.
olympiacos piraeus please
wow. and he doesnt look 38 at all. 
the uprights need to be rubberized or covered in bubblewrap, and what is up with the tiny javelins at each corner of the pitch?
i know, but the club has been around since 1891 patiently waiting for visitors from heaven to help out, and while no one would believe the club members, they all knew that some day they would come, the alien can not fail this time!
he's been suspended for four games. 
he aged wonderfully.  wonder what rooney will look like at 38.  probably dead
he still has skills.
&gt;but it's something barca don't absolutely need.

i whole-heartedly agree with this. when people were talking about what a bad idea it was to lose a dm like yaya i pretty much argued the same thing. what yaya brought (strength, intimidation, tackling) was not essential to barcelona's success, not in a way that piqué and sergio's passing and possession is central to the way the team works. this has been more than proven by the fact that barcelona has conceded less goals in both seasons with busquets as the starting dm than with yaya.
i totally agree. 
they should also ban players from wearing underwear, there may be a safety issue - if for example a player was running through on goal and an opponent grabbed his underwear and decides to give him a wedgie, that could pose a potential danger to his testicles. 
i am checking out the trust section of the reds, i am happy that you answered, i would love to see if we can work something out, i am just looking for a way to get to organize us, get someone in charge(no me) and to find a way to help out the team.
just a little bit
to be honest, 99% of reddit/soccer readers would not even have made contact with that ball. it was coming at pace and hopped a couple times. but since he is a professional, it was a bad miss for him.
just asking a question, my bad.
i'm interested.
woooooooooooooooooo, teletext reprazent
in defense of fifa, it isn't the only sport governing body that has thought about such ridiculous (my opinion, sorry) ideas.

the [nba banned leggings a few years ago](http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=2390599)

at least fifa is only thinkinga bout discussing its ban; whereas the nba went ahead, without any discussion and banned it from the game.
surely they can just make a snood so that they tear away if someone were to pull on it? velcro and snap buttons both seem like decent solutions.
"adidas take a huge cut as do the retailers / transport etc."

 ...??

adidas gets no cut, thats not how sponsor contracts work.. chelsea have entered into a deal with adidas where they buy the blank jerseys from adidas at a contract-prespecified cost (most likely, 'at cost' to adidas), then print them and sell them.  adidas receives only the cost of each individual shirt to chelsea (which is usually cents on the dollar) and the right to advertise on each and every unit they sell. shipments of mass quantities is also very, very cheap to manufacturers, as are unit sale shipments. most manufacturers have pre-negotiated contracts that specify the total price of shipping long before any sales are even made (also cents on the dollar - based on the guarantee of business for the length of the contract).  likewise, printing is a very small, already contracted expense, even more so than the cost of the actual jersey. when you compare those minor expenses (as applied to economies of scale) with the very inflated sale price of a single jersey, chelsea/most well established manufacturers are actually retaining about 3/4's of each individual shirts revenue, minus the percentage that is owed to torres for the rights to his name - which is also nominal (same concept that applies to record labels and artists).  teams also cover this percentage by raising the actual cost of each jersey. if you notice, blank jerseys are cheaper than printed jeresys;  this is not due to printing costs, this is to cover the percentage that goes to the player. 

retailers don't take a cut either..? that is not how that works.. the same concept that applies to adidas applies to them. chelsea makes the shirts and sells them to the retailers at a set price - immediate profit from sales; there is no other part of this transaction.  the price of the shirt to the retailer is determined by quantity (economies of scale) - the more shirts a retailer orders, the less they cost - due to the time value of money (it is a guaranteed revenue of a large quantity of units). even still, retailers only get pre-made gear for slightly less than the original cost to buy the jersey straight from the manufacturer. the retailers then set the price to match chelsea's and retain only the small difference that they made.
it's all good :)
as an american, i find this discussion funny.  why?  because if this were the nfl you wouldn't see a question of bannig it, you would see the teams marketing them like they do stocking caps.  slap a embrodered number and team crest on it and sell it for 25-30 bucks a pop.
that google translate is almost good.  it screws around too much with some words, but just enough that it is still readable.  i always get the impression i'm reading a six-year-old
give credit to barry! this is from  football weekly podcast on the guardian.
i fucking love rivaldo.
i'm guessing the suarez shirt sales will make up the costs for him and carroll in the next few years.
this sounds like a fantastic idea and reading through a lot of the comments here it seems like a few people really know what their talking about and could get this off the ground. if it does get off the ground with a serious plan, i would definitely be in support and throw in the money required.
[bari](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a.s._bari) looks like somkething from kellogs 
sounds great. too bad the closest local team to me in 2000 km away, and is only joining the mls in a few months. yes, i'll support them, but i've been a liverpool fan much longer and i'm not giving that up.
there is apparently a way to become a share holder in the reds. i was wondering if you guys can make a link on the side of the reddit. i would like to make this a community effort, i was thinking on the ways of making a link with everything that guide us to get started to buy a share of the team, you know like some reddits make a link for an amazon link to buy a book or something like that ? 
we can put a link over there, sure. what would the link be going to? we already have all of this in the sidebar:

&gt;/r/soccer supports redditch united fc and /r/redditch in their quest to have reddit.com become official sponsors for the club. go reds!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdmcr1fk-ng&amp;feature=related   ty for your time el nino!
our media tends to follow no teams, even mls :(
instead of punishing assholes like drogba for taking dives and delaying a game by simulating injuries, they care about some neck band. fuck fifa and there skewed priorities.
i don't care if they relegate or not, it won't challenge us being "the nr. 1 im norden"
how would we be able to donate the money? could you set up a website that makes the target amount and the money donated so far visible? 
"if the fa asked for any information from me i wouldn't give them it."

moyes is deluded.  
is this the bbc reporting old news, or is moyes *still* banging on about this non-story ?

(genuine question, i don't have audio here at work ...)

if this is some new rant of his, it's a bit hypocritical of him - he's only just [been fined £8000 for having a go at refs](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/teams/e/everton/8995670.stm) himself ... 
[this seems better](http://www.redditchutdfc.co.uk/#/trust/4534201018), it took me a while but it seems there is a way to buy club shares,if we buy the club in some way it would be great if we can make a subreddit of club owners so we can get together ,and make club related decisions.

edit: thanks!
it's ok.  we can't really hear you from our perch up on top of the table.  it just sounds like flies buzzing around in 3rd place below :p

edit: man city petulant dig: upvotes all around.  united tongue-in-cheek response: downvotes.  sometimes i just don't get you, /r/soccer.  
the only good idea of all those is the spray to mark out 10 yards. that rule is never enforced properly and im sick of seeing wall's creep forward as soon as the ref steps away.

on the other hand, a list of 10 better things that fifa could be working on other than worrying about football fashion:

1. goal line technology
2. firing everybody at fifa and stepping aside
3. administering the game on behalf of supporters - not on behalf of their own interests
4. fix the qatar bid
5. fix the ridiculousness that is injury time
6. abandon all homegrown and eu squad rules
7. implementing global rules or guidelines on player agents, same for third party ownership
8. diving
9. 2-year rotating presidential terms. fifa and egypt have a lot in common
10. fixing corruption at the highest level of the game (see 2.)

after that, and then probably 50 other things, should you be meeting to talk about if the color of a players tights should match their shorts
it's a throwback jersey now, don't even think twice about wearing it, just do it. and remember you never walk alone.
same thing with red bull salzburg, of the biggest teams in austria. red bull also has teams in germany and brazil.
it's up to you to decide! 

it seems like you're worried about how someone else is going to feel about how you liking torres while he was at lpool. 

do you care about what that someone thinks?

are you afraid of getting a beat down?

you can't say "he's my favourite, and has been since he was at lpool"?

if yes to any of above, only wear as a pyjamas.
i wouldn't be caught dead wearing a torres shirt anymore, maybe someone who left in a more graceful way, but not him. do what my roommate did and put duct tape over the torres part and write carroll in it.
the historical bit was terrible though.

&gt; in the same way, portugal itself sometimes seems to have no place in european geography. pressed against the atlantic ocean, portugal has been a geopolitical conundrum for over eight centuries. it would make much more sense simply to concede and become part of spain. an iberian state could actually compete with the real superpowers of central europe, both demographically and geographically. the concept was even put to the test in the late sixteenth century, but the iberian union only lasted 60 years, mostly because the spanish empire crumbled in its mainland adventures.

that was possibly the worst thing to ever happen to portugal. because of it they lost nearly half the world to the dutch. there is no sense to be made in that state at all. the spanish state itself makes no sense, incorporating portugal would make even less. the concept didn't last because the union and its repercussions slowly broke and undermined portugal and the portuguese weren't at all happy with that fact even if they endured it for 60 years.

the fact that the author is portuguese makes it even odder. there's nothing more un-portuguese than defending an union with spain.
i agree, all the other ones are stuck in the late 90's in terms of design.
just do like this http://imgur.com/gzaps from a recent [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fdg1b/problem/).
that's why you shouldn't get a name on the back of a shirt, i never have and never will
i always buy a home shirt with no name at the start of the season and a shirt with my favourite player that season around the winter transfer window, so i'm never without a shirt.

however, since you live in the usa, i don't think fat, marauding chelsea/manure/arse fans will be on hand to slag you off.
you're being downvoted for the truth. if you live in the usa, you should support an mls team. the mere fact that people don't is the reason why our league is so bad.

if every soccer fan in america actually supported an american team, we'd have one of the wealthiest leagues in the world. the fact that even our *national* team is so often the less supported team when playing *at home* is sad beyond belief.
i wonder if their nickname is the cornflakes?
being from america i've never had the insane (in a good way) attachment to a club, so i found some players through watching a bunch of games and playing fifa that i love and liverpool had gerrard/torres/johnson/carragher, so i decided to start the road to fandom with them. 

i suppose what i'm saying is that my fandom for torres is no less than my fandom for liverpool.  if that makes me a crappy fan, my apologies.

that said, i see your point of view.  it's silly to me to buy a lfc shirt without one of my fave players names on it. :)
i hope i'm safe.  i've only ever seen one person in my life wearing a shirt and it was a nameless ac milan.  texas only cares about the cowboys anyway.
that is hilarious.
that link appears to be having some issues right now, but i'll take a look later.

[edit] okay, i added it. look good?
yes. i don't want a beatdown.  

but i suppose i could just grow a pair and wear it with pride!
up to you. wouldn't be caught dead wearing my joe cole (chelsea) jersey for at least a few years, given the way he decided to leave.
wear it like a boss (except in liverpool). torres was great at liverpool and made the signing of both suarez and carroll possible; what a swell bloke!
he's brilliant. definitely one of the most exciting players of my lifetime
liverpool please.
that's it? wtf.
stellar advice.  if i ever get to go to anfield/liverpool i will definitely remember not to pack my shirt!
it's the same with any club, will veron go down as a hero at manchester united or chelsea or how about cisse, morientes or joe cole (how many chelsea fans did you hear wishing he crashed and burned), some players fit in and become legends some don't. i could say exactly the same things about carroll and suarez but i won't because only their performance in the liverpool shirt will determine whether they are considered legends or not.

liverpool don't have some kind of monopoly on emotional attachment with their players even though they may think they have

i'm just saying that only time will tell and that just because he has been slagged by some of the less intelligent but more vocal fans when he was playing for another club, doesn't mean that he won't be taken into the hearts of chelsea fans now. (the sale of [torres shirts](http://sports.yahoo.com/soccer/blog/dirty-tackle/post/chelsea-find-that-selling-torres-shirts-is-like-?urn=sow-316727) for chelsea is already 40% higher than when he arrived at liverpool).
america has a rich [history](http://www.logoserver.com/nasl.html) of ridiculous logos. like the [washington diplomats](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/washington_diplomats)
except the google/seo spam on [his homepage](http://www.runofplay.com/) (check under 'assists' - sick)
you mean like newton heath lancashire and yorkshire railway football club?   
whatever happened to [them](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_manchester_united_f.c._%281878%e2%80%931945%29)?
must do yoga like ryan giggs.
also psv = philips sport verenigung, i.e. philips sport union
funny that i came upon [this](http://izismile.com/2011/02/03/how_can_you_miss_that.html) right after this post.
[this](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01115/chris_iwelumo_1115860c.jpg) makes it better still.
they look midway through a nazi salute
this. an internet takeover has been tried before with [ebbsfleet united](http://news.bbc.co.uk/local/london/hi/front_page/newsid_8967000/8967067.stm) and really hasn't been a success. membership costs have gone up, membership numbers have fallen to only 3000 and the club have been relegated in that time
silly cesc, everton have no money to pay off the ref =p

it's getting annoying one week cesc doesn't care and isn't a leader the next when he is showing the signs of adams, viera dare i say keane he is suddenly out of order and should be ashamed.... please make up your minds.

cesc in future since your not an england international if you want to tell the ref to "fuck off!!!!" just say it in spanish =) though then again speaking in your native tongue might give the xenomedia of england just another reason to hate you :( i guess you just can't win.
do this!
i am happy i got my sister a gerrard shirt instead of a torres shirt for christmas.
the 1.2m figure was sales in madrid alone.
for what it's worth, that's not the ["stars and bars"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flags_of_the_confederate_states_of_america#first_national_flag_.28.22the_stars_and_bars.22.29) and was never actually a flag of the confederacy as a whole (it was the battle flag and the naval jack though).

i suspect jameseyjamesey is right with his/her interpretation.

more fun flag facts [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/vexillolgy).
i think it depends on how the player was while he was with the club, and how they left, whether or not it's cool to wear their shirt even after they left the club. for example, i won't hesitate to wear my henry arsenal shirt. if i had one, i wouldn't hesitate to wear a pires shirt.

however, i wouldn't be caught dead in an cashley cole arsenal shirt, or a gallas shirt, etc.
hi cainmarko...just to be clear, the playing budget is in line with gate income...this has been running ok...it's the historic debts that are crippling the club...with any investment, we can pay off some of these to clean the platform for future growth. the situation is not dire...it's just the chairman protecting the future of the club. 
same here
this is apparently what he meant when he said fabregas should have been sent off at half time the other day. 

he said he wouldn't give any information to the fa about it because he didn't want another £8000 fine. it's all a bit silly, really.
too bad for her, he just signed for portsmouth
great thanks !!!!!
what a pathetic cheap shot.  if you want to fight, turn and face them like a man.  
an absolute legend. one of the most amazing matches in recent football history was, in my opinion, barça's [last game of the 2000/01 la liga](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqrwyhpsxc0).

ps.: barça won 3-2 with rivaldo's hat trick (the third one being scored on the 89th minute and one of the greatest goals in the history of the sport), securing a place in the following season's champions league. if valencia had won, they would have that very same spot. oh and if i recall correctly, this is the only time camp nou's pitch was invaded by fans, ever.
fair play for buying one in the first place ;)
unless it's an absolute legend like maldini.
it's because someone behind the camera is holding one of [these](http://www.moodiereport.com/images/highland_park_40_year_old.jpg) up
it's a interesting predicament these days with players coming and going.  i'm a chelsea fan, and i've only ever bought lampard &amp; terry shirts (one cech goalkeeper shirt, to play in), and some no name shirts.

with lamps and terry, i know i'm pretty safe as they are the backbone of the team.  aside from those two, i wouldn't be surprised if any other player on the team left in any transfer window.  it's a sad fact of the current state of the game, but it's the truth.
what?
i'm jelly.
argentinian clubs, on the other hand, have the most boring crests in the world.
oh benitez.  the guy who, in a less than half a season, basically ran a champions league winning team into the ground.  and he would've looked worse if dalglish had the reigns at pool at the start of the season, but hodgson proved just as inept.
better than having h+g on the back!
ok but they wont sell the shirts to retailers at £55 a shirt will they. that is what i meant by cut. a cut of that £55 is going to the retailers. maybe if the op had said £20 a shirt it would be more realistic.

and as for adidas. i actually understood it to be the other way round. adidas bids £50m to make shirts for chelsea and then keeps all the profits.
..unless you're in a torres shirt
this man should be banned from wearing the #9 jersey for eternity.
luckily did not pay full price, ebay is great for old jerseys
i don't know what you think i'm saying, but you've clearly misunderstood me or ignored quite a bit of what i've just said.
count me in.
&gt;they (football teams) don't make £55 revenue per shirt either 

yes they do. they sell for 55 pounds they make 55 pounds in revenue. it's the very definition of the bloody word. damn 
somebody even did the [shop](http://i.imgur.com/arhiz.jpg) for me.
texan here, and although my following a team like mine is painful and sad at times, i rather follow them than the cowboys.  i see what you mean though.
please edit a link to [bobmarleyreds' comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fex5s/rsoccer_moderators_and_members_can_any_of_you/c1fgm5u) into the top of the thread. 
some teams already are. the man city snoods have been out of stock in the club shop for weeks, as soon as they come in they all get sold unfortunately!
did anyone get that? i'm really interested in doing yoga and i wanna know if it's worth it.  i don't care if i hate man united that guys a fucking legend
where in the hell do you live? the yukon?
agreed.  if the player gracefully leaves the club, than why not continue to wear his shirt?  i think that can be cooler than wearing the shirt of a current star.  
no need to ban it... referees just need to be stringent on the [basic equipment](http://i.imgur.com/pftjj.jpg)

a player accusing a ref of rigging the game? unheard of!
only when through the official club shop, which the majority of shirt sales wont be through.
i love my van basten shirt.
pretty nice for an academy team, you star fairy scum. 
i am working on this over the weekend.
i hope to have a good solution by monday. 
doubt much can beat that combo.
making an inquiry about a player's availability, or scouting a player and deciding they are not worth the money,  does not equal trying and failing to sign.
how taboo is it to do this? not at all since players change clubs all the time. it's the club's jersey first and foremost, so keep wearing it.
i think it's okay for legends.  i have gerrard's shirt.  i also have a torres jersey, but it's an away jersey, so w/e.

carragher, neville for man u, lampard/terry for chelsea, i dont think you can go wrong with peeps like that

also, for international jerseys it's a pretty safe bet you can get names
can i have two? 

chelsea first
chicago fire second
please and thank you
cruz azul = concrete manufacturer

mitsubish mizushima = mitsubishi motors

honda f.c. = honda motors

carl zeiss jena = carl zeiss ag, manufacturer of optical systems
texas is home to both dempsey and holden?
nice. 
celtic to win 2-1 :d
picture would be a good aaww yyeeaahhh picture.
rivaldo, the best!
i plan on continuing to wear my torres shirt... after things cool down a bit. 
i don't particularly like hsv either, but st pauli were *really* sore losers when werder beat them earlier this season, so i'm hoping for a 0:0 that is embarrassment for everyone involved.
til

&gt;as of april 2010, the player [ronaldo] that cost real madrid £80 million had already generated an income of about £100 million in part by selling 1.2 million "ronaldo 9" shirts in madrid alone (repeat: only in madrid, not counting the ones sold everywhere else in the world).



well i apologize for misreading the situation then and wish you and redditch the best of luck securing the investment to save the club.  

as a saints fan i know what the threat of losing your club feels like and truly hope it never happens for you or anyone else.
i lost all respect for rivaldo after [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvksdn4qnva).
"i hate this frickin haaaaaaaaat"
i'm definitely interested as well.  i have some business background (yeah business school) so if there is any need for help tracking finances, i am pretty good in excel, and can do some work.

i can also obviously donate, but i'm not a millionaire, and i'd like to do something with what little skills i have haha
thought the same thing. 1.2 million officials jerseys, that seems high. but i guess there are a lot of tourists who know one thing about football and thats cristiano ronaldo.
that's amazing; i had no idea.
&gt;each of these events has a timecode plus an xy co-ordinate and the collection system is rigorously monitored by our team of checkers. 

the likes of stoke need a z co-ordinate as well...
[bangkok glass fc](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bangkok_glass_f.c.) (thai premier league). their crest features a skeptical-looking rabbit. fun fact: many of their supporters wear bunny ears to games.
anyone else think the italian fa should make chivu to play with the snaps on his hat fastened? 
i'm going to have to do that for a couple of shirts.
i would love to see wayne rooney running around with a live wildebeest on his neck...
wear it, and when someone gives you some shit, tell them that its your last name.  turn this into a trolling opportunity like a true boss.
classic.  i look semi hispanic with dark hair/eyes.  i could totally pull this off.
i've always wondered how they did this stat. can i just say, if anyone is hiring is a chess clock football watching pro. 
the guy's still got it!
real madrid please.
i agree, one of the greatest goals ever...a bicycle kick from outside the area two minutes before the end of normal time to complete a hat-trick to secure a place in the champions league for next season. 

valencia just needed a draw, not a win to qualify for the champions league. 

there was an article on [rivaldo](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2008/jun/19/barcelona.brazil) in the guardian a few years ago, and i agree with its premise:

&gt;he is in danger of being remembered as a cheat and a mardy bum, but brazil's bandy-legged genius was the most unstoppable footballer since maradona
that goal is among my most favorite of *all time*. and the context in which he scored it...incredible.

one of the best players ever to grace the sport.
that bunny looks like a cyborg badass...that could be on my radar for drunken purchases now for their green/white home kit.  quality find my friend.
it happens all the time. i imagine 99% of the people who might see you wearing it and know torres and liverpool would be more than happy to talk about it than rip you for wearing it. 

and if you run into a chelsea or mufc fan, they'll probably find it funny. 
ffs, isn't that a generic comment you make when you're mad at a ref? i often say something like "how much are they payin ya". it's not right, certainly, but get over it david. i know, i know, he was asked the question directly. 
i'd disagree. i think the only one stuck in the late 90's is new england and maybe dc united.
it's good. not so advanced that beginners can't keep up.
the ffp is great. can't wait for it to kick into effect :)
you're from england, right? 4:1. 
uhh, no. ronaldo was way more dominant than rivaldo.

edit: clearly none of you saw ronaldo play for barcelona and inter.
unlucky
wolves! look at it...its so simple, the pes fake crest was more complicated. 
motha fuckin canons bitches 
to put it in perspective- you'd never wear a terrell owens jersey in dallas, but if you wore it in merseyside no one would care.
his eyes go o o
i am definitely interested in this.  can people knowledgeable on the subject of club ownership come to some sort of an agreement on what the best option is so i can help financially? :)

thanks so much for doing this.  would be cool to have a hand in an international soccer team :d
as if yours added anything whatsoever to the discussion. fuckoff fool.
completely agree about the spray for walls and goal-line technology. the sad part is that the tools are there to be used...why they aren't, only sepp knows. 
i thought it was chelsea who didn't want to renew his contract.
love it
you must not respect anyone. 
my first kit was a ballack jersey from his last season with cfc. i will always love it.
ac cesena in serie a has seahorses and black-and-white colors.
i don't understand how you can say he's not a dirty player when he punches a player in the face. this alone makes him a dirty player.
whether they should or should not be allowed to wear them is one discussion. to me, whats the big difference between a snood and a turtleneck? i like to see which players try to make a fashion statement or are complete pussies and the snood helps with that...

fifa stepping in on this issue instead of the myriad problems they already have is another discussion
but he didn't screw over milan when he retired. a i remember, he worked hard to come back from his injuries, but couldn't. torres fucked liverpool over for champions league football. 
wearing a dennis bergkamp shirt for casual day at work.
well deserved. the man has won everything that a manager can win. i think he's the only manager alive who has done that. 
sadly legends like that are few and far between
what did gallas do that was so bad?  i probably haven't followed it as closely as you have, i just thought he wanted a decent contract (2 years at £80k for a first-choice defender in a top four side doesn't sound that bad).  was there more to it than that?  i know he was a bit of a disruption in the dressing room but i thought he ultimately left because of his not being offered a good enough contract.
the way he decided to leave... on a bosman?
true but most still love their kaka shirts, he didn't "fuck" over milan but he still left for rm.

it doesn't have to go this way, i just think the winter transfer window is an especially shitty time to dump your club.
wear it with a hooded jacket.  no one sees the back, you still get to look good.
keep wearing it dude. you are a liverpool fan. the name in the front always trumps the name on the back.

now, if you feel betrayed by torres then sell it but in your case you still are a fan. which you should since torres was great for you guys. i'm sure is only a small percentage of fans that were burning his jersey...
that's the argument that thekrone is making. there's a difference between the manners in which players leave. kaka left on good terms; henry left on good terms; cesc will leave in good terms when he does. these players will continue to be appreciated because of their services to the club. leaving for the sole reason of a higher pay raise, when the team needs the player the most, is leaving on bad terms. there is a difference. 
van gaal is a weirdo, his speeches when he wins trophies, his overall intensity &amp; more. i wouldn't be surprised if it really happened but he's a great coach.


that's a great pic of ancelotti doing his ancelotti impression.  that eyebrow is superhuman.
hahahahahahahahahahaha. yes!
but.. [he apologized](http://www.goal.com/en-us/news/86/italy/2011/02/03/2336892/inter-defender-cristian-chivu-apologizes-for-punching-baris)
he had a good contract offer from chelsea but turned it down for more money.
he was offered one, but turned it down for more money. we offered him enough money i think, given that he never really matched the player he was before his knee injury.
man, even the team itself wants to leave.
a soccer fan in texas? what are you? gay?  i kid, i kid.  you must be the only one.  
after the game, moyes accused fabregas of some nasty comments, but refused to say more than that. fabregas immediately denied it, and then he and wenger both accused moyes of making shit up. 

i think this was more in response to being called out by arsenal, rather than for the sole purpose of drawing out a stupid argument.
a very happy goblin.
it's a youth team. why are you so bitter?
i have a ton of gerrard shirts, but finally decided to pick up a torres this year (the black one, with europa league badges).  i was planning on peeling off torres somehow, and buying a carroll name/number set off ebay and just ironing on the name.  i haven't seen any name/number sets available yet, just carroll jerseys, so i'll have to wait a bit.

i don't feel comfortable wearing a liverpool torres shirt any longer.  even under a jacket.
he was an ass, he is an ass and he went to spurs.
that goes without saying — count the titles!
i really hate you
inter! grazie
didn't he have a sit down protest during a match?
these days? you say it like transfers are a new thing
&gt; i knew i should have just asked for gerrard. :/

yep.
this is why i got myself a lucas jersey :o)
i just checked the portsmouth squad for shits and giggles and found [this](http://www.portsmouthfc.co.uk/player/first-team/nwankwo-27.aspx). i wonder if he'll stick with pompey when they get relegated to league 1.
indeed. which comes back to my point about living within your means, and chairmen + boards not gambling the very existence of the clubs  against some ill-conceived pipe dream of "success"
i tend to believe moyes, he's not at all bitter like that, if you ask me
silly argument, you could grab a shirt from the back of the neck and choke a guy too if you really wanted to (or were vinnie jones).
yeah, on hindsight it would've been much better if fluminense had gone after him instead of deco. probably much cheaper too.
well im from texas so i just might see you and say " hey everybody this guy is not with this team anymore " but in reality no one cares 
i know arsenal can do no wrong on /r/soccer, but if moyes heard him correctly, he's questioned the integrity of the referee and the club.  of course arsenal fans will say that everyone says things to the referee, but they really shouldn't.  honestly, what he said bothers me a little.  when is the last time we've seen a player in an everton shirt dive to pick up a soft penalty?  when has everton had the money to buy a well-known player, let alone a referee?  the club is run with sense and the matches are played with integrity.  at times, this puts us in a weaker position than some of our theatrical and/or insanely rich competitors.  i can see why moyes would be upset by the comments of fabregas and wenger.  
your in the states dude, chances are if someone sees it and knows what it is, they'll be so stoked that they found someone else who likes soccer they'll start talkin to you.
but bergkamp retired from arsenal. i think it's understood that retirees are pretty much always acceptable.
i've got one too man.  i'm still going to wear mine every so often. 

and cry.

where in texas are you?
i don't know why you're being downvoted i agree with you.
you're probably right. they shaved their heads right after.
i live in the south, too. i've never had someone approach me about my aston villa shirt when i've worn it and say they were fan or a rival, but i've gotten plenty along the lines of, "32red? is that the name of the team?" (villa's sponsor a few years back). i'd say the odds of someone even knowing *why* you'd get a beatdown are pretty small, much less attempting to dispense one, even with liverpool being much more popular in the states than aston villa.
i'd be embarrassed to wear it torres on the back or not :)
we're going up!
this type of thing (and worse things) happens all the time with british players, and noone gives a fuck. it's only made into an issue because cesc is a foreigner. 

i made this comment in r/gunners

&gt; you know why this is ridiculous and complete bullshit? i'll tell you why. british players can get away with saying whatever the fuck they want to refs. you can clearly see rooney or john terry cussing at referees, telling them to fuck off, for the slightest of mistakes. but when a foreigner is understandably pissed off at an idiot of a referee for allowing what was clearly an offside goal because he does not understand the rule, then all hell breaks loose. i doubt cesc even swore at the referee. we know that moyes' claims were false, so let's get off this bullshit.

moyes only made the comments to deter attention away from his team's loss, in which they relied on a goal that shouldn't have been a goal in the first place.
he handled his leaving really poorly. he made completely unreasonable contract demands, and protested heavily when he didn't receive them. £80k a week would have made him among the top paid at the club. £80k for an aging defender who was having a mediocre run of form? really? he was actually offered £80k a week for a one year deal... wenger just has a policy of not offering longer contracts to players over 30 (he was 33 at the time).

he then joined tottenham (easily our most hated rival) for *less* than he was making at arsenal (£60k a week for a one year deal at spurs when he was making something in the neighborhood of £65k or £70k). £80k a week for a year at arsenal is somehow worse than £60k a week for a one year deal at spurs?

then there were the fights in the dressing room and all the jazz.

it just proved that he felt his ego was most important than the success of the club.
monk, i need a monk!
this is why you just buy the kit...and not a name...
i'm pretty sure you're right to some extent. i would like to see some actual evidence to back this ejfin guy up. he wrote a lot but the economics of it don't make sense. it sounds like this guy has knowledge in some other area of apparel sponsorship contracts and assumes it applies to english soccer. i think the biggest indicator of this is that he doesn't even acknowledge the fact that adidas actively market and sell team jerseys (why would they do this if they "gets no cut"?). also he doesn't account for player's individual sponsorships (torres is nike for example), which prevent apparel companies like adidas from marketing their jerseys with the player. 

he also claims:

&gt;...retailers only get pre-made gear for slightly less than the original cost to buy the jersey straight from the manufacturer. the retailers then set the price to match chelsea's and retain only the small difference that they made.

isn't adidas the manufacturer? i'm really interested in how so many shops and internet stores are able to stay in business when this is their only source of real revenue yet they only retain a "small" profit.
hell, that made me smile.
damn, i was actually worried about you there for a sec haha.
let's hope he did, he won't have a job much longer if he keeps making calls like he made on tuesday.

ah, who am i kidding? the worse you are at being a referee the more you're rewarded. just once i'd like to see some drunk out there and compare it to any howard webb performance.
i was expecting more too.
i think [this](http://animal.discovery.com/tv/puppy-bowl/) might be it.
oh, right, i get it now.
i will burn fifa to the ground if they ban the snood
why is cesc acting like such a douche lately? first he's going on about ipswich's 'rugby' tactics now he's accusing everton, of all teams, of buying the officials. he needs to learn to just shut and play.
it is an hours-long series of television commercials interspersed with 10 second battles between armored giants.
no way that's a penalty. they are just kicking the ball ... oops .. they are kicking the wrong ball.
1. put the lp jersey on. 

2. now set it on fire....
i've always enjoyed sampadorias man smoking a pipe.
lol humbled
[indeed](http://i.imgur.com/g7wha.png).
don't watch it then. r/reddit is not automatically r/epl
i have to say, if torres was worth 70m rafa probably should have sold him. it's only 3.3 times more than he bought him for. 
&gt; roy keane has also declared his opposition to snoods, saying: "they've all gone soft. i don't know how they do it and focus on the game, it's weird. that's the way the game's gone." 

sigh, all this silly macho-ness over a piece of fucking cloth. i have an idea let's show how manly all the players are by having them play with no shirts either because the focus of football should be all about how well players handle the cold. hearing about how managers ban their players from snoods really grates me.
kanu never ceases to amaze with horrific hair styles.
man, i am so done with these.
he would be a 'pool supporter.
is this the hand egg?
"we weren't going to write off champions league and europa league for the sake of someone's happiness."

this is fantastic. i hope henry takes a page out of wenger's book and makes lp one of the most well managed clubs in the world. 
im gunna cry ;-(
i know they added more seats at fenway, but don't know what else they did. as far as i know, more seats isn't an option at anfield, right?
still needs to add a euro to that.
i claim that cesc fabregas claimed that david moyes is being accused of being douchebag by me.
thank you! 

all anfield needs is an expansion added on top of the main stand like the centenary stand. add two decks of executive boxes and another 10,000 seats and you suddenly have a 55,000 capacity without breaking the bank. everybody wins. the history of the ground is perserved and you can invest the money back into the team.
unless it's from the national team =)
i live in colorado and i listen to sports talk radio when i drive to and from work each day.  all week there has been nonstop talk about this 'super' game that you speak of.  i have been tempted on many occasions this week to call in and explain why the champions league final is a bigger game than the super bowl.  

the whole world may watch the super bowl but the whole world actually cares about the champions league final.  
i have a terrell owens philadelphia eagles jersey.  if you follow american football at all, you know he's one of the most reviled athletes in that city now.

when i wanted to wear it to a game, i put a strip of duct tape across the name and then drew the name of the person now wearing his number across the tape.  i made sure to do a half-assed job so it was obvious i had covered up "owens", and people loved it.
excuse me but that armored giant has a name and it's [cleatus](http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080118084409aalm4tb).
not if you support man utd ;)
yes, a "small" profit on a massive scale. a small profit of one item multiplied exponentially by the total number of sales can equate to a rather large net income. it is very beneficial for a manufacturer to sell to retailers as apposed to individual customers because they are guaranteeing the sale of a large quantity of units, so they do - which drives business for the retailers.  still, keep in mind that the first sale in a retail scenario is made between the manufacturer and the retailer, and that sale is final.  meaning, adidas won't give a retailer their merchandise for nothing and then collect a percentage of what they sell at a later date.. doesn't work like that. even for retailers, if you want it, you have to buy it.  the benefit for the retailer is that because they are buying such a large quantity of merchandise at one time, economies of scale take place and they get each individual item at a slightly discounted price (and yes, i mean slightly discounted from what you yourself could buy it at).  after the sale of merchandise from the manufacturer to the retailer is done, the success of the retailer is dependent on the retailer itself and the factors that go with it.  this success does not affect the manufacturer in any way, they already made their sale. in most cases, it is very unfavorable to get into a retailing market, and most actually do not succeed or are indeed making very small profits. to 'stay in business' is not a measurement of growth or success.

perhaps i am geographically disconnected from the european market. i do work in the us and in most cases, what i described above represents the type of contract established. yes, adidas does represent the manufacturer of the merchandise - represented by the cost to make the jersey.  all sales go through them, even if you order off of chelsea's website. however, that does not parallel in any way the revenue structure. remember, while adidas is making and distributing the apparel, what they are selling is the rights to an image and in this case, chelsea's, for which they first had to obtain  - represented by the selling price of a "chelsea" jersey (which is established by chelsea). the design and make of that jersey are owned by chelsea, not adidas. adidas could not remove the name "chelsea" from that jersey style and resell it with a different name without chelsea' permission.  what chelsea retains from the sale is the [selling price - manufacturing costs (raw materials and the like) - adidas very low sale price per jersey (as determined by contract) - distribution cost (which are very low as i described in my last post)].   you may think, well why would a sponsor go for that? the benefits that adidas receive for taking a small cut in "chelsea'" merchandise include: associating with an established market and all the advertising/publicity that comes with the club, its players, its fans, and its stadium- in the hope that it will raise their own merchandise sales as a result. chelsea is covering the production/manufacturing cost of everything associated with its name, therefore adidas has nothing to lose and only more service to gain. in such a case, the manufacturer does not have the upper hand. the contract established by the sponsor and team covers far more than the sale/production of apparel.  for this reason, any investment/bid they make to chelsea would be less in reference to sales revenue and more for their advertising rights.  remember, adidas is a club sponsor in its entirety, not just the "uniform" sponsor.  lets consider sammo62's, last comment: 

"and as for adidas. i actually understood it to be the other way round. adidas bids £50m to make shirts for chelsea and then keeps all the profits."

while i won't say that it 'is not' how they do it, from a business standpoint it seems very unlikely. what you have described represents a zero-sum game (win-lose) which is always unfavorable for all parties when an outcome is uncertain;  and it is a zero-sum game anyway you look at it, there cannot be two winners in this scenario.  if jersey sales are poor, adidas has lost out on a very large initial investment.  if jersey sales are excellent, chelsea has lost out on a poorly accepted net income and the opportunity cost of selling them themselves. this type of deal would make a very un-efficient and poorly forecasted contract for both parties, based on a completely unpredictable outcome.  the economics of that don't make sense.

as for players sponsors, contracts are very specific and limited to a time basis.  as soon torres signs his employment contract at chelsea, he signs away the rights to his name and image to chelsea.  a player cannot do, really anything (that would be considered profitable self advertising) without the permission of the club.  for this reason, club sponsorship outweighs personal sponsorship. therefore, what you said about nike is backwards. when torres is representing the club, he will be represented by adidas and only adidas. likewise, adidas will sell and market their apparel with his name on it and there is nothing torres or nike can do or say about it.  nike can only sell 'unofficial'(unless a team he played(s) on has that sponsorship) non-club based apparel with his name on it. the same concept applied when he was at liverpool and adidas sold his jerseys then.. when he is not representing the club, he can wear what ever he wants. in this case, on the field, nike's sponsorship with torres is limited entirely to his cleats. something that never presents a problem to clubs because personal comfort to their players (when it comes to boots) is far more important than that chunk of advertising revenue that adidas would give them to make everybody wear theirs. a happy foot is a happy player.    if you need proof, just do a simple google search of 'torres nike jersey' then 'torres adidas jersey'.
hey i have a kaka rm shirt, i'd sell it for a dollar... more or less how much he's worth today.
oh, [we've had this conversation before](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/fcry3/now_that_carroll_is_a_red/)
i'm in the exact same situation. right now i have carroll written on duct tape across the name. it'll stay on for sunday's game, but after that? i'll get over it once things settle and i start to like nando again. too bad i had to go and get the jersey he leaves in &gt;&lt; and not the carlsberg jersey i really wanted. 
*see the little goblin*

*see his little feet...*
how was dalglish so good at headers when he's so short?
with all the mexicans in texas, i was under the assumption that soccer was pretty big there. 
how annoying are those spanish/portuguese commentators? i mean seriously, it's fun to hear them go crazy over a goooool. but every single fucking time? not very creative.
i'd be worried more about fat marauding scousers, tbh. 
not a bad idea.
possibly, but only after a bunch of players get [fined](http://www.uniformviolation.com/index.php).
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is6zlte2clw
well, i was yelling the same thing at my screen as i was watching it...
&gt; no one cares about the bundesliga, subpar teams

i'm sorry but how many cl titles have hamburg won.... and how many have arsenal won?
my reading of what you were saying is that you believe torres will not become a chelsea legend because we have such a high turnover of players. 

my counter is that many clubs have a high turnover of players and that some become legends and some don't, it's what they do on the field wearing that shirt that counts.

also just because a player played elsewhere doesn't mean he can't become a success/legendary at the new club no one can predict how a player will take to the club and vice versa. you cannot say that we will not take torres to our heart, we certainly love many of our big name signings that haven't "faded into obscurity" and still love some of those that have

you seem to have a bad opinion of chelsea fans and how we bond with our players, the names you mentioned are certainly legends to me along with guillit, vialli, di matteo, wise, de jong and so may others that are dear to my heart because i and many other chelsea fans grew up watching them, also the legends before my time, osgood, dixon, harris the list goes on. chelsea have just as much history as liverpool it's just not as decorated, maybe one day it will be. 


probably would have just bought all of fulham and transfered them over. 
thank you for the education. did exist before but was recinded in 2006.

(http://www.sportingo.com/football/a975_football-referees-rule-changes-bring)

though i did just spend 40 minutes skim reading the fifa 'laws of the game' to try and prove you wrong, i finally concede to your far superior knowledge. 
cheerio
only 5k?  shoot they make several times that just by walking on to the field.  5k for a new way to sell myself?  where do i sign up?
in his face.
we have the [hammer of thor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:thorsmerki.jpg). there are some more references to mythology in iceland, and maybe more nordic countries.
i'm actually a red bulls fan.

but that crest is still awesome.
city's new(er) badge to me makes damn near no sense. the three stars are admittedly meaningless. plus this gem from noel gallagher:

"it looks like the lazio badge with that eagle on it. the last badge had a little ship on it going down the manchester ship canal and the rose of lancashire. when was the last time you saw an eagle in manchester?"
&gt;leaving for the sole reason of a higher pay raise, when the team needs the player the most, is leaving on bad terms.

doesn't have to be, just depends on how you spin it. kaka didn't leave milan out of altruism. he did leave and said he'd never forget milan and their fans etc he didn't say 'i'm going to a big club'. 

i think with most of these things the way they presents themselves in the media is what matters most not necessarily the facts.
most importantly, they retained the atmosphere while incorporating such zombie suites.
i agree with you completely. rivaldo is a legend, but ronaldo was from another fucking galaxy, in my opinion the greatest striker of all time. don't understand the downvotes. 
*standing ovation*
why do players always have to make it worse? do they just like the attention or what?
how are u comparing bergkamp to torres? bergkamp was so awesome, he played for arsenal and fucked argentina in 98 but hes one of my favorite players, id wear his arsenal jersey, nevermind maybe his holland jersey
don't start the war too soon. wait until sunday!
same as chicharito.
&gt; when i balked at this cliché he told me about the day in 1989 when his dad and 95 other people were crushed to death at hillsborough stadium.  i kept quiet about chelsea for the rest of the game.

ach!
this will go well with the ultras....
ronaldo--il fenomeno, in his prime, was doing things that other players just could not do in the modern game.  

that being said, rivaldo is constantly overlooked in recent soccer history.  he was unstoppable. without him, brazil would not have won wc2002.
rogin?
for die-hard liverpool fans, it would be akin to wearing a favre jersey right after he bolted for the jets, something like that; or a vikings one, even if he didn't do as expected.
the way i understand the kaka situation is that he left because milan needed the money. i clearly remember him saying that he would have loved to have stayed in milan. he will always be loved in milan.
it's not their fault, but it's what pays their wages. and most of them milk this devotion as much as they can when it comes to sponsorship and endorsements.
hand-egg and barbecue. that's texas. and jesus.
i wasn't but now that's my take. i was joking ;)
i think there is a big difference between favre's departure/personality than torres.  but i do get what you're saying.  i'm sure there have to be a few gb fans that still like favre.
valencia has a similar scheme, but their past kits have not use the vertical stripe pattern figured here. anyone know any other kit that looks like this one?

btw, that is the home jersey from a couple of seasons ago, the away one (which i love), is [this](http://euro.mediotiempo.com/media/2009/08/01/irapuato-3-1-leones-negros_3.jpg) one.
other than the german national team?
yeah, but that's not what happened. moyes never said that fabregas was cussing. actually, he made sure that people understood that fabregas didn't cuss.

moyes is pissed at fabregas for claiming that everton bribed the refs. according to moyes, fabregas didn't make a heat-of-the-moment complaint. he calmly went to the fourth official and accused them of taking bribes.

in addition, it's not like moyes is exempting himself from the abuse he has given referees.
you're right, his contribution to wc02 is overlooked, maybe because of his silly antics against turkey in the group stage. brazil's toughest matches were against belgium and england and he was great in those two matches. he had a hand in ronaldo's two goals in the final as well. his fierced shot parried by oliver kahn for the first goal and his dummy set up ronaldo for the second as well. 

i am also biased because between a number 9 and a number 10, i will almost always choose a number 10.
i hope he has 5 star skills in fifa.
my coworkers in spain bought me a barça jersey at the end of my internship. it was a total surprise, one of them sneakily asked me what my favorite number was (3), and then they got me a number 3 jersey with my name on it. it was my first name :(, but i chock it up to the fact that in barcelona, the catalans will use their first names on the shirt sometimes (xavi, bojan, etc).
bradford city is close.
nice try, torres.
what's wrong with me?

thought process: 

no way, the mls season didn't start yet. is the usmnt playing a match? i can't remember anything abou...oh. right. 
whenever i hear this kind of phony, empty machismo, i simply assume they're saying it to compensate for their tiny, tiny penises. then i giggle. like a little girl.
yeah, if you ever go to anfield, remember to wear your tim howard jersey instead!
even if he had said that the entirety of the fa is corrupt, it still wouldn't have warranted the media hype around the incident. it is further an example of the british media's xenophobic nature. if rooney had said that after a manu loss, or if lampard or jt said that after a chelsea loss, there wouldn't be all this unnecessary controversy. 

it makes the situation even more pathetic when you take into consideration the fact that the goal *should not* have counted, and cesc *had reason* to complain. 
fuck the super bowl! long live ufc 126 this weekend!
&gt; he's questioned the integrity of the referee and the club.

oh get off your high horse. everyone does it, says it, and hears it. and you know it. anyone who plays, watches or knows anything about football knows it too.

i had a lot of respect for moyes prior to this. but the hypocrisy demonstrated by him really takes the cake. 

what i find most annoying about this is how moyes is feigning surprise. as if to say
*i am shocked. **shocked** i tell you. a player questioning the integrity fo the referee? i have never, **ever** heard of such a thing **my whole life**. shocking!!*

come one moyes, who are you kidding? you took a cheap shot at a kid. you did it because you know whatever mud you sling at a talented, foreigner kid who isn't afraid to question the english footballing philosophy is bound to stick. and it worked. every rag in town is publishing a long list of what he is alleged to have done in his short life. well fucking done!

edit: inserted missing word.
he's half cricket

&gt;this type of thing (and worse things) happens all the time with british players, and noone gives a fuck.

i don't think that should be the case.  i think in some cases the players get away with too much.  perhaps i'm too used to american sports, but it's interesting to see how things are handled differently.  in general, in american sports, a player is much more likely to be punished for making comments during a game.  comments made off the field are usually ignored.  it seems to be the other way around in europe.

&gt;moyes only made the comments to deter attention away from his team's loss, in which they relied on a goal that shouldn't have been a goal in the first place.

i disagree with that assessment.  moyes isn't shy about when the team plays poorly.  everton were better in the first half but were lucky to get the goal.  arsenal dominated the second half and were deserved winners on the day.  i don't think he would draw attention away from that.
are you telling me that you wouldn't kill to have eddie johnson spearheading the attack for liverpool?
i cut the crest off mine and pinned it to my schoolbag. i threw the rest away.

if i had one, i would have kept my alonso jersey, or mascherano even, but torres? no thanks. 

i would recommend trying to do something creative with it like framing it so you only see the front.
wenger and fabs denied it because they thought he meant that fabregas said something involving vulgarity or that actually deserved a red card. what they didn't know is that moyes is taking a completely innocuous comment ("how much did everton pay you?") and using it to shield his team from criticism.
come off of it; it was obviously an innocuous comment and fabs was not in any way actually insinuating that he thought that everton paid the refs off. fabs' comment was a prototypical "bitching about a call" comment and in no way deserved a red card, despite how much moyes' wants to deflect from his own team's failings. 

so there isn't any confusion, all fabregas said was "how much everton pay you?"
henry seems like an owner any club or fan would want. he preaches fiscal responsibility and youth development, and generally seems like a sensible owner. definitely an improvement over the last owners. 

good luck to liverpool, this is a good step in the right direction
"whats the big difference between a snood and a turtleneck?"

a lot.

the difference is that a turtleneck is a shirt with a neck and a snood is a like a neck gator.

regardless, employees have to wear whatever attire their employers stipulate. if the boss says no snoods, then it's no snoods. 

as far as making a fashion statement, i'd rather they stfu and just play football and leave the fashion statements for the fashion designers.
if you want to wear it, go ahead, but i wouldn't be too keen on wearing it for a while. my gf got me some buttons over christmas with torres on it xd. not much use for them now.

by the way, only "name" jersey i would get is [this](http://store.liverpoolfc.tv/products/mens/retro/dalglish-hero-84-shirt/pid-29792)
i wear my d. bergkamp circa 2004-2005 for every arsenal game.

&lt;3
chelsea
seriously. suarez gets seven matches for biting (not that that matters now) and chivu gets four for punching a dude in the face. does not compute.
how was he making it worse?
so i ask a simple question and i get an insult.  gotta love anonymity and the internet.
belgium is also a close match
nothing is wrong with you. stay gold
a philadelphia union crest would be neato
matching gloves encouraged. 
what if the r/soccer mods gave shogun26 a chelsea crest now? what if r/chelseafc offered r/liverpoolfc 50 million?
well it was harsh i give you that. but come on... 

&gt; year ending june 2010

so this is before we offloaded ballack, deco, etc.
i guess time will tell, but when you are paying that kind of crazy price, when you are a club that has limited funds and holes to fill, i don't think it's a wise move.  if carrol turns out to be englands #1 option at striker, then he was worth the money.  quite literally anything less than that and it was a waste, especially when bent was just sold for far less recently.

35mm would have been a nice down payment on a new stadium that lfc so badly need.
&gt; regardless, employees have to wear whatever attire their employers stipulate. if the boss says no snoods, then it's no snoods.

i agree, but the point me and many others bring up is, why is fifa making this a point of focus when they have myriad other issues to deal with?

and if the requirement is matching uniforms, then why do we see some players with long sleeves, short sleeves, short sleeves with long sleeved undershirts, players with gloves, etc..

snoods are no different to me than any other article of clothing that isn't required (shorts, shirts, socks). 
i think it helps that baseball has a similar layout to soccer, in that teams develop players through lower leagues (academies and reserves for soccer). the other two really popular sports, basketball and american football, both let universities develop their talent and don't have experience with development systems like the ones baseball teams use.
his explanation of the carroll fee was really interesting. it just reinforces the idea that a player costs whatever a club is willing to pay for him. and i guess it's hard to negotiate when everyone knows you're holding a giant pillow case with a money sign on it.
on the other hand, baseball is chock-full of unquestionable, individual statistics that make it much easier to make realistic assessments of players than do soccer stats, which makes it in this sense more like basketball than baseball.
rinus michels has a great one called teambuilding: the road to success
if you're in manchester you might've seen united's 'nike made underarmour, comfort, bullshit' being advertised on market street. its basically a full-body long john, but reminds us to never forget that the snood is the sign of the weakling.
what am i going to do when cesc leaves arsnail?

i've even gotten one of fabregas jerseys signed by perry groves...
came here to say a similar thing.  he's hitting all the right notes, and seems to have a really good head on his shoulders about "the right way" to build a club.  his explanation of the torres/carroll/suarez/babel deal was pretty brilliant, imo.

edit: threw babel in there too, since his transfer $ was technically part of the equation
obviously it shouldn't be the case, but it is. your not wanting it to be like that doesn't stop it from being like that.
bbva's valencia c.f please
anyone else happy that they have no idea what this means? 
galatasaray's club colours are exactly that. their shirts don't have black on though. do they wear black shorts?
real men don't get cold, obviously. /s
heh heh. i gave you a bit of karma. hope that soothes it a bit. and of course your position on the perch should make you feel, generally, quite good about life in general.

(as we're now the most hated club in the world i can only assume it's a load of fellow englishmen, as well as americans, pissed at the asinine wc selection process.)
borussia dortmund, hell yeah!
i enjoy inverting the pyramid and soccernomics a lot.

i'd also recommend brilliant orange, about the dutch history and philosophy of soccer, plus one night in turin, about the english national team in the 1990 world cup. that was made into a film i haven't had a chance to watch yet.

and have you seen the way players throw elbows around?  they aren't supposed to be using their arms anyway, right?  only double amputees allowed from here on out.
how is crouch so bad when he's so tall?
we should take over with that manifesto. any ideas on how to stage a coup without requiring [saran-wrapping bread to our heads ?](http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/ferwt/cool_hats/)
[football against the enemy](http://www.amazon.com/football-against-enemy-simon-kuper/dp/0752848771/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1296852221&amp;sr=8-1) is pretty interesting.
liverpool please!
fever pitch ?
well, i can't say i've seen players wearing stockings... or suspenders.
(that may not have the same comedic impact anywhere else but the uk).


