disagree
show aqui !

=)
an article about gift ideas for football fans. (aka soccer)
very cool
i don't think it was frustration as much as it was he lost his stick and it was a 5 on 3 right up against the goal - what were they going to do with the puck? it was pretty smart move to pull the rangers off and give the defenders some breathing room.
the biggest problem so far but not the first time there has been a problem with this type of camera on a cable over the field. i was present at a game in which a punt might have been altered by grazing the cable but no one could be certain if it had or not.

get off the field at least until the mechanics of it are absolutely perfected. can you imagine a last second game winning pass or kick return called back because the ball probably nicked the cable? get if off the field!
 in this game? no. both goals were taken down by stadium personnel immediately at the end to prevent the goals from being torn down.

as to the lsu defender tripping and falling, leaving the receiver open in the endzone, film clearly shows the receiver slinging the defender by his facemask, causing him to fall. referee missed it. it happens, part of the game. kentucky played great and deserved the win. 
i have done skydiving jumping with the paaviation company. i find this sport is very very exciting and is so amazing that i am an addict of the feeling of the skydive. i love skydiving!
pharmahormones.com is online anabolic steroids pharmacy. buy anabolic steroids such as sustanon, deca-durabolin, decabol, dianabol, d-bol, winstrol, hgh, clenbuterol, anadrol, british dragon, asia dispensary, eco-oils, eurohormones
manchester united and england defender rio ferdinand talks about his desire to reach euro 2008
 it is still way too early in the season to say this, and i'm getting sick of hearing it. if its week 16 and the the cheaters are 15-0, then i will admit it.

competition is too tight in the nfl in this era for this. someone will figure the cheaters out. and it's really not that hard. ball control. the cheaters have yet to play a team with a secondary capable of matching up against them. limit the time the cheaters have the ball, don't turn it over, and put up over 20 points and it's very possible. teams that have a chance to do this are: indy, pittsburgh, and philly. 
poor boy

the only team that can beat the patriots are the patriots. if they play to the best they are capable of, nobody can beat them.
enter a comment here
this is why he has reached the stanley cup final three of the past four seasons.
t is with great pleasure that i've come across a dedicated horse radio show... and not only that, but one that does not discriminate against a person for living in proverbial timbuktoo. aka it is also available to listen to online.
i honestly believe he will deserve to be called the best ever when his career is over.  i am a 49ers fan and so i love montana, but this guy is better.
bikini girls from the lost planet:
http://actualurls.com/bikini_girls_from_the_lost_planet
lot of information about dice k collected here
http://actualurls.com/dice_k
india vs australia 7th odi wednesday, october 17, 2007, mumbai
match scheduled to begin at 02:30 (d/n) local time (09:00 gmt)

india vs australia, india vs australia 7th odi, india vs australia 7th odi live telecast, india vs australia 7th odi match result, latest cricket news, live score, live stream video 
at first glance you might think "no big deal" then you try the workout lol!
go with wake... rest beckett for later.

wake had a great year and he is coming of tons of rest.


that's true, although his back has been hurting and he hasn't been great in big games. i'm torn myself.

i just wish we were going with jon lester instead.
[i like this one...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd8ajdcnw4a)

terje is the best ever.
what i wish is that we didnt pussy foot around clay bucholz... this kid should be on the post season roster...
absolutely. that kid was dynamite!

and why the hell is coco playing when we got ellsbury in the wings? that kid was on fire too.
suzuki samurai offroad car with big wheels in action, cool video
in case the name doesn't ring a bell.  their dad, dr. petit set up the scholarship fund in memory of his daughters lost to this tradgedy.

http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20185795/
i would leave coco in for defense but put ellsbury in over drew.
i don't know, drew's been doing pretty well going down the stretch (and has been a pretty solid fielder)... and old jacoby didn't suck in the field either
bodyweight exercises are fine if you want to tone or lose weight.  however, if you want to build muscle mass while using your time efficiently, i'd recommend drop-sets and super-sets (while actually lifting weights).
gotta go with beckett.  no tellin where the knuckler will go too big a gamble in a playoff game plus if there's a game seven beckett will be fully rested
starting wakefield tonight is the correct call. beckett can still give you two more starts (if it goes to game 7, you have a choice between beckett on short rest or daisuke). starting wake tonight avoids boston's worst case scenario, which is ....start beckett tonight and lose. then you are down 3-1 and have no choice but to start wake because schilling cannot go on short rest. if boston does drop tonight's game, at least they will have their three best starters rested and ready.
the only time i kneel for the cheaters is to pray that tom brady gets hit by a bus driven by scum bag bill belichik. go colts.
 great year? yea 4.76 era. gave up 22 hrs. real great. if it wasn't for the red sucks run support he would have 7 wins instead of 17. i am also thrilled they are starting him tonight, bc that means the tribe goes up 3-1. boston has one good pitcher and a crap-stastic bullpen. that just ain't gonna cut it. 
but tape gate will forever taint this season. hahahaha.
dividenman, please stop spamming the sports subreddit with articles about the cheaters and the promiscuous tom brady. brady is having one stand out season statistically and now he is the 'best ever', even though peyton has been doing this for the last 5 years or so, and now he has a ring to quiet the haters. for as much as peyton has disappointed in the playoffs, he has never blown a lead on the magnitude the cheaters did last season. i can't wait till november 4th.
this is a horrible idea.
agreed. but, hey it's neutral territory for a game in cold and drippy football weather.   
ha.
nice site!!
enter a comment here
identity theft has become than unauthorized purchases and accumulating debt. it helps criminals, terrorists, and aliens gain access to our country and continue committing crimes.
trying to avoid foods that are high in cholesterol can be difficult. most of the foods that taste the best to us are probably high in cholesterol.
i'm skinny, and i want muscles. how about that?
favre's going out big this year. 
yeah, because the nfl is so popular over there. nfl europa is huge. oh wait.

this is a stupid idea. this is what we have the preseason and the probowl for. 
enter a comment honce you have helped your horse conquer his fear of being touched around the head you can gently keep reinforcing this in a number of ways.ere
whatever yo. if i'm trying to get mbuff, i'm going to work out, and then top it off with foods like cheese, eggs and chicken to build up my muscles.

am i just supposed to eat peanut butter and humus?
wakefield was in control of the game until the 5th.  it's doubtful beckett could have gone much farther on 3 days rest. 
on what grounds did you downmod this?
he had 17 wins as a knuckleballer this season!  thats crazy!

boston has 3 good pitchers with only one playing like it... and they have a great bullpen that is playing like dogshit.

their bullpen had the 2nd best era in baseball this season.

the indians certainly seem to want it more though, that is for sure... everyone is up and ready to go no their side.  boston looks like they lost the series two games ago.  plus the fans at the jake are awesome... if you seem to be that loud on tv, that place must be rockin'...

i am not giving up on my sox (never have never will) but they need to get their heads in it...
wake can go far on short rest when he is 100% healthy because his pitches dont strain his arm to badly.... those 4 innings were beautiful, the 5th was disgusting.
i hate drew...

we should file a class-action lawsuit against boras for this bullshit... and also the red sox front office for forcing us to watch this bullshit they call a right-fielder for the next 5 years.
are they sore losers too?
think they'll get it? they've got paris hilton on board!
he'll get better. he's too good to be this bad for long. coco, on the other hand, has about as much game as a sack of potatoes. 
anybody else watch lester last night, rapt in awe, and wondering why he's not even in the rotation?
luckily for him all he can do is improve on this terrible season... i give him a little bit of slack because he dealt (or maybe is still dealing) with his sons illness...

i honestly think dice-k will be very impressive next year though.  he got a taste of the big league and all summer he will improve and come back ready to go... i am predicting a monster year for him, similar to becketts current season.
yeah, i think that may have been a contributing factor for drew, at least for the first 2/3 of the season. his numbers really weren't bad for the last month. 

i sure to god hope dice k works out. i also hope ellsbury works on his swing and starts.

i also hope we figure out how to bat again and sweep the rest of this series.

call me a dreamer.
this is a big ruling.  i'm surprised it's not getting more up votes.
 i agree that if he must leave he should do it on his own terms rather than being 'fired', but i think he should hold on bc i don't think they will be getting rid of him. like the article says he has had the most success of any manager of the yankees. he is also more respected by his players than probably any other manager in baseball, and this is very important. if you look at the problems the yankees have had over the last few seasons, they have not been managerial, they have been with pitching. it finally looks like they have more than a few outstanding young studs. they should keep moose in the pen, resign mo, get rid of clemens, and pick up one quality starter in the off season. those moves, combined with the good young talent they already have, will make there pitching very good and reliable.
how much more can this guy take. he's had a great run and he's a great coach but the pressure has got to be killing him.  its definitely time to move on. as much as i hate the yanks there are always fun to root against and they need new blood.  torre should walk out - head high - on his own terms.
i thought he was pretty freaking funny to be honest.
i'm not sure it was a good idea since just freezing the puck would give his guys a chance to change but throwing it out to the red line did not.
you forgot the part where he was a backup goalie each time.
buuut, it kept the rangers on the ice, too. freezing the puck would've let them switch out. all in all, it worked out well since the rangers couldn't score on the 5v3 or the 5v4.
this on is a shoe in.  i had hoped argentina would sneak there way into the final.
did anyone else think that this would be about cleveland fans?
sports?
he indeed looks like a famous actor in this pic!
let's go red sox!
if you've ever played any team sport you would know that it doesn't matter. 

a lot more goes into a win then what just occurs on the ice.
stretching really doesn't do anything but make you stretchier. in some sports this is important(gymnastics, wrestling, ect) but in general athletes make way too big of a deal of it.
http://www.nature.com/news/index.html
hello
this would even be better had you said umm baseball....jesus
what is an extreme sport?
everyone!:
http://www.linkinn.com/_oh_man_please_don_t_do_that-chirica
geezus, isn't he like 50 years old? lol, i'd love him if he played for my team (gunners) but since he's for man u i say piss off wanker! ;)
"first of all, it would be righting an almost century-old wrong. early in the twentieth century, the home run was considered a crude gesture devoid of true craft, when players thought about it at all. remember, pre-babe, the leading slugger of 1913, frank 'home run' baker, led the american league with 12 homers.

"the world changed. baseball was ever less about strategy, smarts, and speed -- who steals home anymore? -- and somehow everyday life was no longer about persuasion, 
he was the regular season goalie for the canes until ward subbed in in the playoffs and they never looked back.
the drop-your-stick-and-grab-the-puck-with-your-blocker-hand is a move that hasek invented, or at least popularized. other goalies do it now too - usually goalies that have played with hasek, like roloson and emery. 
http://golfkup.blogspot.com
great sporting events on two continents today as the missouri tigers host the texas tech red raiders in college football, the cleveland indians visit the boston red sox in the american league championship series and england and south africa square off in the rugby world cup final.

you might like this list of funny baseball players' names:
http://www.bofads.com/stories/sports.htm
extreme truck trial videos: 4x4, 6x6, 8x8,...
i love this picture of the west virginia nit championship t-shirts.  they totally misspelled it!
http://www.bofads.com/stories/sports.htm
a picture is worth one thousand words:

 http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2253/1665392226_acf78e7791_m.jpg
a picture is worth one thousand words:

http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2253/1665392226_acf78e7791_m.jpg
there are some great tools available to the aspiring body builder including definitions, suggestions, advice, and much more. you can find some great resources when it comes to searching for an encyclopedia of body building. these resources can be online or even in book form.
online or offline, there are a lot of resources that you can use to help you in finding the perfect meditation music suited for your situation. get family and friends to help, or even your officemates. better yet, consult your doctor or a specialist who knows a great deal about meditation music. you will soon realize that you’re slowly recovering from your problems.
the red sox are going to roll over the rockies! wooo!
coco crisp's catch to end the game was amazing!
scott boras is scum.
he looked like he was limping pretty seriously after he slammed into that wall, but i haven't seen mention of possible injury anywhere in the sports press.

do any of the 7 people who apparently read sports reddit have any idea as to his health going into the world series?
 from the rotoworld sidebar on [boston dirt dogs](http://bostondirtdogs.com):

&gt; coco crisp banged his knee on the outfield wall while making the final out in sunday's game 7 of the alcs.
"i hit my knee into the wall and caught padding, but i felt wall behind it mostly," crisp said. "i was feeling a little pain right there and happiness at the same time. it was definitely nice to end it against my good friends over there." crisp was able to gingerly walk off the field after the catch. he should be fine for the world series, but jacoby ellsbury will likely see most of the starts in center field.  

also: pedroia!
what about guinness?
mercedes-g with bmw v8 engine mud extreme!
manny is god!
atlanta isn't the only attraction in georgia. acres of untouched land reach out inviting avid hunters into their living forests. the woods in georgia are full of hunters.  read to find out more about wildlife, seasons, game limits, and more.
new york yankees to boston red sox conversion form

thank you for your interest in becoming a member of the boston red sox fan club. due to an unprecedented volume of requests, we are currently processing only fan conversion registrations for new york yankee fans. conversion requests from other teams will be accepted once all yankee requests are processed. we expect this to take a number of weeks based upon the current backlog of requests.

read on and lol


good. those racists must be hanged.
not if you're a center of the universe leo like a-rod!
joe will find a good new home. as a cancer, home is very important to him. it was clear by his reaction that he felt the yankees were that home.
jeep in mud
but, as a gemini (sign of the twins) there are two of him. who is the other one?!
enter a comment here
bmw x5, dakar rally, nearby crash
don't like this. no point doing ab-exercises if  one is tucking into a big mac or 5 every other day.
jonathan papelbon dances in game 7 of alcs
check out this girl's face after the first ball hits, i was dying.
a beautiful couple, pro football player and pro playmate!
enjoyable pics and spicy video!

on-fire archives: the famous punishment video record dtd september 26th 1983 :
feel sorry for him,chairman treated him like crap,but 16.5 mil for bent!!!
go there gunners..theeeeooooo
off road video blog. cars, trucks, trial and offroad rally videoclips, etc, etc... look what offroad vehicles can do!
these changes all sound good, but until they clean out all the dopers, they're going to keep on losing viewers and fans.  or you know what?  go ahead and allow all drugs, no testing, no controls, no limits, fastest man wins.  whatever you can inject that doesn't kill you is fair game.
sports?
pre-game chatter before one of the south's biggest college football rivalries - the florida gators vs. the georgia bulldogs. includes a video from the famous 1980 game - "run, lindsay, run"
i've never met one i liked, but then for the most part, i don't like anything about the industry or most of the people who are a part of it, so that's no real surprise.  
this article really makes one think about how many pitches are yet to be discovered, and how they can completely catch someone off guard.
post-game analysis of the georgia bulldogs big win over the florida gators in the world's largest outdoor cocktail party. includes a slideshow of photos from the game and an mp3 of the georgia redcoat band. 
india live cricket match score, cricket match score. schedule, cricket match news, live match score, match score live, latest cricket news, match score live, india cricket match live score, india pakistan crciket match, india pakistan live cricket match score, cricket score


first leg of mls conference semifinal playoff.
hopefully this should settle the nonsense. it probably won't though...
that's awesome
i dont know who a-rod thinks is going to give him more money than the yankees.
what an asshole.
he just might have enough saved up to not care.
down by the rivaaaahhhh!
i suspect that the yankees knew a-rod was leaning toward opting out of his contract, and leaked that sizable number more to raise his asking price for another team than anything else.
and no one cares...
i wanted colorado to win honestly.
but they had 8 days off, and i it killed their momentum.
the rockies could have taken this world series, no doubt in my mind.
they choked. just like the indians. 
i dont disagree.
his buddies are all thinking about leaving, so why wouldnt he just take his money and run?
ha ha.  [god has failed you](http://www.thenation.com/doc/20060619/zirin). 
 it's world series time, and as usual the wimps that run baseball are afraid to stand up to the government that is harassing baseball's steroid-using ballplayers. for now the wimps are just hinting, but it appears in the cold dead of winter, the wimps are going to come out and deal with government pressure on steroid use by suspending and possibly banning some baseball players. well, i'm not waiting for the world series to be over, i want to discuss the use of steroids in baseball, right now, during the glories of the world series, because i believe steroid use in baseball is a great thing.


the rockies never had a chance. the red sox had superior pitching, hitting, and a superior bullpen. the rockies said it themselves, the 8-day layoff isn't an excuse.
yeah, like it didn't end years ago, the last world cup in america was in 1994, in the us and it was damn good by the way, quite unlike the past 2...
offroad formula, very impressive video. world cup 2006 (finland)
this was amazing, here's a link to see the play: http://www.thepostgame.com/trinity-vs-millsaps-apparently-division-xvii-football-can-be-exciting/
why couldn't this be at a restaurant that i would actually eat at? http://www.thepostgame.com/taco-bell-to-give-away-free-diarrhea-when-a-base-is-stolen-in-the-world-series/
 i'm a little biased here because i have brady and welker on my fantasy team, so i'm loving these td passes when the score is 38-0 after going for it on 4th and 1.

perhaps because of this allegiance, i don't think the pats are doing anything to complain about.  if it was a community game between two teams of eleven year olds, then yeah, i could see the beef.  but these are pros who are paid to play.  does that make a difference? 
guess it's not really over 'til its over, eh?

sweet jeebus!
dj cum get summm adddddddd meeeee

myspace.com/djcumgetsum
ayuh. damn pink hat fans...
wow
beaten by the team from the state with gay marriage no less.
no if this were wow people would be crying hacks, and dishonorable match, and horde is overpowered.
the nature of sports is adversarial and so far the points total for submissions is tending to zero. this is not because of bad submissions but because of good old sports rivalry. while sports.reddit is in its infancy, i think we should hold back on the downvoting (except for spam).
true.  if i don't like the sport, i'd rather just not mod it than downmod it.
why?  that's how it works for politics.  do you really think the sports fans will behave better?!
this is a horrendous article.  not only is it horribly written but it's defending something that disgraces a great sport.
a-rod is a business. an overall insignificant amount of cash is enough for him to sacrifice his legacy. the best players make their names in as few spots as possible. a-rod won't stop until he's squeezed every last cent out of every last person. 
this is probably the most ridiculous football play you will ever see.
i'm the guy who missed the last tackle.
downvoted.
theres a sports.reddit.com?
so there is.. 
sucks tho, no hockey. 
go nucks go.

tuithraphai, oct 30 : from the restive hills of manipur, a group of 17 bikers have embarked on a tour through the rugged terrains of the north east on royal enfield bikes to spread the message that the region is one contiguous entity rather than a land of people divided by physical boundaries and ethnicity. starting from imphal on october 22, these energetic men belonging to the royal riders of manipur traversed nagaland, assam, mizoram and arunachal before reaching shillong on october 27. the tour, christened as the one north east campaign, will end on october 30.
unfortunately, the ferrari fxx can’t be driver on public roads, because it’s not homologated and currently it seems there aren’t any plans to introduce it in any competition either, but it’s only designed for track driving.
whatever you may say about boras, he gets the job done for his clients; e.g., he gets the best salaries: http://www.thepostgame.com/a-rod-opting-out-of-contract-because-252-million-just-doesnt-go-as-far-as-it-used-to/
i hope so, because politics.reddit.com is broken. hey, i dislike bush too, i just don't want to read 25 blog posts about how much he sucks. i hope the sports subreddit will have a better fate...
more about it in http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/2396503.stm

the wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iglesia_maradoniana
it looks so cool!!!man, i want a ride with this car!
this has been posted to reddit quite a few times already.

if you're gonna steal content for your awful website and spam reddit with it, at least learn to take the caps lock off.
most media's preseason all american basketball teams focus on stats. but at the end of the day, skills, stats, and awards will only get you so far. what really determines how far you'll go in this world is ... your name.
rumoured report of a new world surfing record on the qiantang tidal bore.
great read highly recommended
great given the success of the host nation thats going to be another world cup then
ouch
that may be true but it seems as though he manipulates his clients as well. 

no cricket here, manipur, india is onto a whole new ball game. and while it may not exactly have hit the big league, baseball is catching on. in fact, two coaches from the major league baseball (mlb) — the organisation that operates professional baseball in the us — are scheduled to hold a 10-day training camp here next week.
the best sports handicappers in the biz. http://www.bettingkings.com
i never liked motorsports, but i do like cool cars with drifting
that was awsome on so many levels
as you can see, the death star is fully operational.
i'm going camping for my for my first time in years.  i don't want to spend much, but i need a tent (for two).  i'll be lucky if i use it yearly. 

i"m thinking this looks good: http://www.amazon.com/eureka-tetragon-adventure-7-foot-two-person/dp/b000eqauvy/

suggestions?
regardless of what he did, lebron needs to learn losing comes with the territory. part of that is congratulating the other team, shaking hands and talking to the media.

every great star in any of the 4 major sports knows this and does it. if he wants to be included with the likes of them, he better catch on to better sportsmanship. 
i can only think of three things that matter when buying a tent.  the size, difficulty in putting it up, and if it's waterproof.  the size is obvious.  most tents use the "shock-cord" poles which are easy enough to figure out.  so it's really just the waterproof you need to care about.  i don't have the experience to recommend against the eureka tent you're looking at, but i can vouch for coleman brand tents with weathertec.

http://www.dunhamssports.com/product/index.jsp?productid=3030048&amp;cp=761.713364

the tent itself is completely waterproof, and it comes with a "rainfly" which is basically a thin tarp you throw over the top.  i don't know if this is standard for tents, but that gray section along the bottom of the tent is the same material as the floor.  some tents connect the nylon to the flooring right at the ground which is where water is most likely soak through the nylon.

i'm a camping novice myself.  i went 2 or 3 times as a kid.  i started up last summer with my family and we go to a local campground every couple weeks.  so i only have about 15 small trips under my belt.
i'm guessing you're not hiking in, but if you are you want to consider the weight of the tent.  that being said, i use a kelty 2-man tent, not the lightest in the world but not bad for the $.  very dry.
rei is the bomb dot com.  quality gear, excellent return policy, kind of pricey though.
i think that if he gets to revel in all the hype and talk while the going is good, he should have to deal with all the hype and talk when things are going poorly.
:d murray should not win.
he lost the final of madrid open to federer a few days back. that was his first loss after 35 wins on clay or so. he had a streak of 83 (approx) matches on clay before that and federer was the won who defeated him that time too.
but let the boy play... don't hype him too much, it just puts such a huge burden on his shoulders.  if he never lives up to his hype, we shouldn't be disappointed, because i think they've set the bar way too high  
agree on the jordan point, but he was unlike any player i've ever seen.  he was the ultimate leader.
that made no sense. paul pierce has been a star player since his rookie year, and wouldn't want to back down, especially when hes still putting up big numbers. theres no salary cap room for lebron on that squad anyway. celtics are already set as it is, they just have to keep kg ok.
jordan has the leadership intangible, don't know if lebron has it, yet
get bosh, boozer, shaq, or amare.
lebron is a sore loser to those who are jealous of his ability, wealth, charisma, drive, etc and try to take a stab at someone so successful. i feel for cleveland and don't know what it's really like but after seeing the yanks play there this weekend and all those midges still flying around on the field i believe it sucks. i thought they only came around every dozen years but it seems like the indians owners bring them out when the yanks are in town.
how the hell can you bury lebron james after the playoffs he's had and act like a non-quote is some kind of epic media failure?

if he leaves cleveland, it's because they still can't give him the support cast he needs to win there.

no, but he is one of the best basketball players out there, and he's a role model. if you don't think he is a role model, look up the definition.
golf?
dwight howard is a better role model than kobe - he doesn't have any rape allegations against him nor any crappy tattoos, or bad sportsmanship for that matter.


completely agree.  until lebron bats .200 with 1 hr and 45 rbis in minor league baseball, you can't compare him to jordan.
one of the biggest upsets in sports history? 
z is done.  get rid of him.  also, d. west trying to guard turkoglu was the biggest mismatch i've ever seen.  
little known fact:  the blog is also run by espn.
it made my top 10,000.
let's go red wings.

clap. clap. clapclapclap!
the h is silent.
but...nbc and espn told me that pittsburgh was going to destroy the injured wings...

oh, btw, class play by malkin there at the end beating on zetterberg with his stick.
alston helped get them in the nba finals... past the best team in the nba regular season and past last year's champs.  

i don't think any team wouldn't mind having him on their team.  

nelson has better individual stats, but the team is arguably the best ever in magic history with rafer at the 1.
nice call
i liked osgood's slightly delayed flopping-onto-his-back after being sticked. good show.
"donning a ny hat" is so irrelevant it's not even funny -- the guy is a self-professed yankees fan.  on top of that, he's caught flack for going to indians games in cleveland wearing a ny hat.
the cavs need to start from scratch with their front court. z, wallace, and joe smith are to old to keep up with what are going to be the elite teams in the next year or two. varejao and hickson are nice, but neither is really starting caliber (yet). 

of the players being floated around that could possibly go to cleveland, amare has to be on the top of the list. the cavs have absolutely no post presence besides varejao who isn't consistant enough. a guy like bosh or artest would be nice because they can both create their own plays. but for the near future, they have to construct their roster to beat boston and orlando, and amare gives them the best chance to do that. 
lol sure he's better than kobe, but since when the  simple fact that you didn't rape someone make you a role model? he's a role model because he can keep it in his pants and he's not a jerk on the court? those are pretty low standards for a role model. 

professional athletes rarely make good role models, especially just for their performance on the field/court. the things that make them role models are more off the court, like overcoming some obstacle, the things they do around the community etc...

as for jameer nelson, there is absolutely no reason to bring him back this late in the season. this isn't a few weeks of rust he has to knock off. it's months. unless rafer alston is getting decimated by fisher or something (which i don't see happening), i wouldn't bring him back. 
ah...

nothing to do with the actual commercials.
agreed here. alston is good and putting nelson back in while he's partly injured (fully recovered my ass) will just hurt the magic. 

they're doing awesome with alston. 
yeah, i've always found that weird. he's a really funny guy, but c'mon...
charles talks about sports the way men do in bars. its why hes my favorite. he tells it like it is.


and to be fair, he had a big mouth before they gave him a headset. they've known.
i agree. he's the only nba guy ever who could have made me click over to the wgn regular season games that meant nothing, just to see how his night was going. 

i think part of the reason he was the ultimate leader was because he was the ultimate competitor. and the key, imho, is that he was competing against himself, which was why he did that baseball thing that most ppl thought was insane, instead of racking up more trophies and trying to top russell and the celtics record.

not to make too big a deal of it, but i think the arrival of phil jackson was the icing on the jordan cake. phil was one of the few guys in the league who was strong and confident enough to let jordan run the team just enough, while maintaining some respect and control. 
hm will see, it's gonna be fun. kind of hard for us european watchers though, since all games are around 9et, which is 3am here :o reruns just don't cut it :p
a big big scandal..
"you can be a man."

- don corleone
lebron, [it's not your fault](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xovs_syyxe8)
man, that list was horribly unfunny.
you're just an anti-lebron fanboy.  worse than being a fan of someone, you root against someone.  and you have the nerve to criticize someone's sportsmanship.
he was the ultimate competitor.  being a knick fan, he broke my heart many times. now, i've learned to appreciate how great he really was because i don't think we'll ever see a player like him again.   
ever heard of spell check or proofreading?
tk is probably responsible the endless stream of fat jokes about chuck.
the biggest problem with orlando was coaching.  his substitutions were a joke.  the defense sucked, and the strategy was never adjusted.  you can't go wrong with going back to the basics.  this is a coach who says he plans his substitutions before the game and doesn't deviate.  wtf?  with good coaching the cavs would be in the finals.  this just proves again, as the 90's indians, talented players can't do it alone.  coaching is a must for a championship.
what is with all of the lebron hating posts recently?  i'd like to think that the reddit sports fan is better than that.
was in the process of my final edit after staying up all night working and only saw 4 minor typos. thanks for the heads up. everything is fully edited now.
can i get you a tissue?
i was watching the "numb nuts" thing live, and charles was talking and trying to make a point and kenny kept interjecting before charles could finish, it was getting pretty annoying and i was glad when charles called him that. kenny can be annoying sometimes. 
lame.  all of the rules have been adjusted to enhance scoring.  what fan looks at or even cares about the playbook?

makes no sense!
they were all once great sports.  they played defense, passed the ball (in the nba).  baseball was wonderful.  it's still ok now, but it's a joke the way they made it easier to hit hr's.  hockey was a great sport but they expanded to too many teams.  all of the great rivalries are all but gone now.  when the briuns played the rangers, for example, the entire city stopped to watch. 
reggie miller's response was hilarious.
imma go get my hair did now too!
his fans and lebron himself excuse the embarassing behavior of *the king* because 

*"i don't like to lose."*

so lebron thinks wade, carmelo, pierce, billups, not to mention magic johnson, jordan, bird, bill russell, etc...  don't also hate to lose? they all understand that you only become a champion by making your team better. 

why does james deserve a pass? sounds like his ego is even bigger than his massive hype.
as a big federer fan, that match definitely stressed me out.  with rafa out it's definitely his best chance at taking this tourney, but there are some *very* good players remaining.

the winner of the del potro/tsonga match could pose a big threat.  so could murray (who owns federer head to head).  even the next round could prove very difficult if monfils comes out on top over roddick which i expect will be the case.  lastly, i don't think you can *ever* count out davydenko, though i'd take federer in a final over him any day.
simpson fail
..and yet again... 

incredible.
all i am saying is it is not over yet.  granted, realistically, it probably is and everyone basically knew it was a race for 2nd place this year. i'm pretty saddened by that as it also means the end of a great hockey season but, you can never count out a team with as much talent as the pens so i'm holding out hope like the 'burg fan i am. 

malkin, in true yinzer fashion, beats someone with a stick too.  however i do not believe he actually tried to - he just didn't drop it in time (if he did try it was the worst swing of it ever). shades of the 1950s steelers.  we may not beat you on the scoreboard but, we'll most certainly take a piece of you with us.   i'm glad that has since changed to winning 6 super bowls. 
everything about your post is wrong.

espn's 'experts' were split 3 and 3 on who would win. also, no way in hell malkin hit him on purpose with his stick. he didn't drop it in time, which is completely his fault, but *no way* he used it with intent to injure.
he looks a lil more like a cocky asshole now though doesn't he? just sayin'
i've seen 2 year old babies swing the stick harder than that (ie, he was actually punching him in the face not swinging a stick at it) so i'm assuming he didn't do it with intent either. 
dear lebron:

i want to see you win a title, as does most everyone else.  it won't happen in cleveland.  get out while you are young.  
sarcasm
also take some time out of your day to read reddit to see how the experts love you. 
 /sarcasm

lol. owned. 
he needs to get out of cleveland.  for some reason, that city is like a curse to modern athletes when it comes to titles. 
i'm pretty pissed i have to go to a bar to watch the stanley cup finals this week...it's not like nbc has anything better on tv during the week.  

instead of an awesome game 3 and 4, nbc will be showing the new hit reality tv show 'i'm a celebrity, get me out of here'...are you fucking kidding me.
dude! conan!  *rolls eyes*
comes on at 11:30 est...the game would most likely be over, barring some epic overtime finish.

imagine if the nba or mlb championship games were shown only on a cable channel during the week.  and if you paid $80 to watch nhl playoff games online...that's mute because all games on vs are blacked out.  the nhl keeps saying they want more exposure but having 2 of the most important games only available to people who have cable isn't doing them any favors.
yeah, i was joking.  that's the reason they gave though.  not wanting to risk interrupting his first week with a triple ot dose of awesome like last year. 
&gt;with rafa out it's definitely his best chance at taking this tourney

indeed.  he better take advantage of it, because rafa may not give him too many more chances!
sorry didn't catch the sarcasm.  i understand them not wanting to interrupt conan, but still pissy about it.  and just for the record, i will be in a bar watching the games...f'ing vs
didn't you see howard manhandle z all series? that was a mismatch. i thought delonte actually handled turkoglu pretty well.
obama and vp hillary 
that was fucking stupid.
quite a complement to van gundy to rate him *even* with jackson, considering their respective finals experience.
yes, alston is excellent. i wouldn't mess with the rotation at this point, other than maybe to give nelson a few minutes off the bench, if he feels up to it.
you're out of your fucking mind. kobe is one of the worst role models in sports. how many kids has he paralyzed with [fake crap](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biweefv59d4) like that?

i also don't include as a role model, any husband who ass-rapes room service skanks.
nike will probably still run them during the finals.

there's always the possibility that they could get a dwight howard muppet commercial filmed in time, since production time for puppets is a small fraction of the time required for 3d or some other types of animation.

a van gundy puppet screaming it's head off might be a riot.
i think i despise (yet respect) zetterburg and the redwings more than any team of recent memory.  
actually even roddick is looking somewhat impressive so far. he hasnt dropped a set yet. then again, roddick is one player everyone knows federer knows exactly how to beat.

edit: doesnt look like roddick will get past monfils. so nevermind everything i wrote.
its hockey

qq
disney is certainly happy.  its disney land vs. disney world on disney owned abc.
they're the reason
considering the breakdown in officiating that preceded this incident, i'm not surprised they backpedaled on it.  the pens got the short end of the stick for the entire game.
lemieux vs. gretzky in '93 would have actually been a better version of kobe vs. lebron. not just the two greatest at that time, but the two greatest of all time.  gretzky held up his end of the bargain but lemieux got bounced by the islanders.
james is entering his contract year.  how many teams are a lock for the playoffs?

how many teams would like to pick up a premier 3 with the idea that their current 3 only has a couple of true full-time game/years left?
lebron james is indeed a great player. you can talk all day about how great he is and you would probably be right. and people start comparing him to jordan and he doesn't match up. comparisons to jordan require championships and require the focus to repeatedly carry a team on his back and winning a series. james carried the cavs in game 2 and 5 vs the magic. if he keeps doing that and wins a few championships then you can start comparing. until then, you can say he is a great player but he is no jordan. maybe one day we will all agree he is better but not today. 

one conversation that can be had is whether lebron is as good as a young jordan but that is premature. 

edit: fuck you guys downmodding me. how is anything i said invalid or illogical? get james' dick out of your mouth.  he is *good* but you *can't*  (honestly) compare him to jordan!
yes, forget lebron - instead let's hype two other players and forget the other 22 on the teams.

that said, dwight howard is damn good.
i dunno. espn radio was shilling for the series pretty hard today. the talent kept repeating how this will be a better series with more offense, will surely go to seven games, etc. etc.

they sound pretty worried that people will tune out if it's not lebron vs. kobe.
&gt; thanks to jordan’s mythical six titles, winning a championship has become a prerequisite for greatness in the mind of many sports fans and members of the media. for whatever reason, it somehow legitimizes an entire career even though its governed by many factors out of a player’s control.

i disagree that we shouldn't take championships into account when judging a player, particularly in this era of free agency.

if you want to be considered the best, you have to perform on the highest stage in the face of the toughest competition. when elite players sign contracts and approve trades, they should be considering whether they'll have the supporting cast necessary to compete for a championship. if that costs them a few million dollars, so be it, but players shouldn't expect the performance of their team as a whole not to be part of the standard against which they're measured.
this was his first loss after 31 straight wins at the french open, i believe.

i don't care about how many matches he won and stuff, but it just sucks :( 

i promise, i'm getting over it.
"the lakers and magic earned their spots in the championship round by dispatching their conferences' most worthy adversaries.'

lol!!! if you count the rockets reserves as the west's most worthy adversaries?
anyone criticising james need look no further than kobe.  he's not won anything of significance from the time shaq left him to the time gasol arrived.

batman needs a robin in team sports.
themselves?
dwight howard is good when you don't have a guy to muscle up against him.  kendrick perkins owned him in the boston series and he struggled against philly.  how many dunks did he have against cleveland? cleve had no balls down low and no one wanted to rebound around howard.  just awful interior d.
what are you talking about, of course zetterberg is allowed to be the second goaltender. . .
be sad if the playoffs ended in two lousy conf finals and a lousy final like this.  the early round were great.
you just compared team sports to the origin of the ambiguously gay duo?

whenever i watch sports i see a lot of grown men sweating and grabbing and wrestling and slapping behinds and then hugging after the climax.  so, yeah, ambigiously gay indeed.
great stuff!
the nuggets weren't cat food.
so we can call it an nbadar now?

perez hilton is nba?
horry was pretty damn clutch.

even though he wasn't as good a player as jordan, he hit the big shots when given the chance.

he certainly deserves to be a 7-time champion.

that said, jordan had more of an overall impact on the championships as a whole than horry did with any of his teams.  horry just came up big in the playoffs/finals.  jordan did it all season long.
ustream.tv
who do you have for cable?  upgrade to the package that has versus, they should let you go back within 30 days.
the rockets went to 7 games without at least 50% of their payroll.  if the nuggets won one more game without mello, without billups and without kmart then they would qualify.  however, they stopped playing in an elimination game with all of their stars.
great article. 
i'm glad lebron and the cavs lost.  everyone has been hyping up lebron and a lakers/cavs matchup so much and for so long, i almost got sick of it.

the nba is creating lebron into the same thing they do with all celebrities [and they did it with kobe before].  they bring you up and turn you into a god, and then when they are tired of you being a god, they try to destroy you.

atleast with the cavs losing, the lebron hype machine will die down for a little bit.
sports fans are 'retarded' especially when they root for teams you don't like.  some people take their karma seriously but also some decent/thoughtful sports stories get down voted before they get a chance to breathe.  

even the comments get that knee-jerk downvote if you like a player/team a guy/girl with a vote doesn't or vice versa.  

it's silly.  

sports are entertaining, dramatic, political, economically interesting etc.  

it looks like a pissing contest that possibly disrupts potential submissions and comments sometimes.

maybe that needs to be addressed.





go courtney lee!
agreed.  but what would you suggest be done about it?
i don't have it at all.  i can't justify paying $30 or more a month just to watch a few games (i already have espn360), sportscenter and the ever declining science networks (animal planet, discovery, history)
depends on your carrier, i upgraded for the month and it cost $6.
i think you are right. i am really sad for him and i hope he beats the hell out of everybody at wimbledon and us open :)
the magic have no answer for luke walton.
amen.

can we just stop downvoting? the recommendation system does no work so that is no longer an argument for it. let's just click on the up-arrow when we enjoy something. ignore the rest.

/r/sports consists of lots of small minorities. let's not let a small minority dominate.
stop downvoting.
can you link to some submissions you think were unfairly downvoted? 

there is a real dearth of quality submissions in sports.  on top of that, there aren't too many people actually commenting on anything.
see my point is that until there are actual similarities you can't really compare. the only similarities between jordan and james is that they are both good basketball players. james has 0 championships and jordan has 6. jordan carried a team through 6 consecutive seasons to a championship. if you want to you can talk about ppg, apg and rpg and how james has more apg, or how good they are but james is not comparable to jordan. 

horry has 7 championships but he didn't lead those teams. bryant has 3 championships so you can begin to make comparisons, of course jordan is better, but you can compare them. obviously bryant got his wins because of o'neal however it is fair to compare. if bryant can pull off the win this season then you have even more to talk about. 

if you choose to compare james to jordan why aren't you guys comparing iverson to jordan? because you can't.

edit: oh, and comparing lbj to mj only diminishes on james' accomplishments imho.
it seems like that within five seconds of submitting something to the sports subreddit it gets downvoted. at least read it first.
f'd in the a.
well that was dumb...

lebron may be damn good, but since when is being good an excuse to act like a sore loser?

the nba and espn have done a ton to help build his image and he has profited handsomely from that.  so it is to be expected that he has to go through the motions of acting gracious even when doing so sucks.  most fans like the myth of good sportsmanship, and as the face of his team (and possibly the league) he should be ready to deliver.

as for saying that he doesn't have any help, well, his teammates were certainly good enough to get cleveland the best record in the league.  maybe they lost because they reverted to having james play 1 on 5 (which also explains his stats.)
kobe bryant, good.
lebron james, better.
horace grant, best.

[goggles '09 baby.](http://hoopedia.nba.com/images/4/4e/horace_grant.jpg)
downvoted for auto-play video you can't stop.
...ouch...
i agree with the overall argument being made, but it may have been phrased too strongly.  i don't think many people actually care about the polaroid skit the cavs put on.  what the author gets exactly right, however, is that lebron is acting like a sore loser while saying that he is doing nothing of the sort.  not wanting to shake hands "because it doesn't feel right" is pretty much the definition of a sore loser.

it is good insight to think nobody in the cavs organization sees the need to point that out to james for fear of losing him to ny.

personally, i hope he goes to ny.  i like cheering against ny more than i enjoy cheering against cleveland.  you just gotta feel sorry for them after a while...
as an orioles fan who watched the rangers beat the birds 30-3 a year or so ago, i feel osu's pain.
i've deleted and resubmitted items in the past only for them to get upvoted and discussed where people add something to them.
and stop downvoting the potential of the sports subreddit.  

add something.  throw a tangential link.  troll something amusing.  add a personal story.
they have to make it interesting.  w/o malkin, the pens are f#$ked.
it's hypoglycemia.  

always surprised these athletes don't have nutritionists to help them perform and prolong their career.

rondo's spicy foods can increase blood flow and cayenne is a pain reliever.
tax-free
this is something no one can figure out.
i feel for lebron, i don't see what the big deal is about wanting to go home after a long season and tough loss.  he has been great to the media the past few years, and you can understand his frustration after working so hard. 

that said, he still is the face of the nba and a role model for many young kids. i've played sports from peewee to college and you're always taught to shake your opponents hand after the game.  of course it's difficult after you've lost but it's just good sportsmanship. 

i think it's okay to let it slip for one night and move on, the media can be covering more interesting things.
maybe sports fans are used to hitting things down. that's how you win the game!
i will stop downvoting submissions when people stop submitting biased drivel (lebron rocks/sucks) or unsubstantiated speculation (shaq is being traded to the new jersey devils!!11!!), and start submitting thoughtful, or at the very least, quirky stories.
campmor.com
got to love the belly flop

now we need kobe to be on the cover of madden.
kenny can be annoying a lot of times.  i think he is little more than a repository of sports dogma.  chuck, on the other hand, is hilarious, even though he sometimes lacks the ability to fully explain his good points.
big z got destroyed. 
everybody's fired up this evening 
a few other subreddits have modified their theme to remove the down arrow. it's still there if you disable custom themes, but maybe that would help prevent knee-jerk reactions?
hey, luke walton made it to the finals.
consider him forgotten. why should i care who nike thinks should be in the nba finals?
this is based on overall winning percentage since the start of the franchise.
good point
love deadspin, love barkley.

you hit the nail on the head.  barkley talks sports like me and my buddies, and thats why we love him.  plus he's been pulling for my magic all along!
i live down here in orlando and just like every other time a florida sports team does well, the bandwagon accusations have been flying.  it seems like it starts with the obnoxious fans, but then it spreads and spreads.  

it was the d rays fans yelling at each other last year, for example.  although to be fair i was at rays games a few years ago when the trop was totally empty, so the bandwagon claims there probably have some merit.



is this everywhere?  or another manifestation of the unique craziness you can only find in fl?  (kind of like how almost every wtf or plain white trash news story seems to come from tampa.  it's just how the state rolls!)
thankfully, there are some good, insightful articles that don't get buried.

i really enjoyed the bill simmons article on excessive whistle blowing, and that got a good amount of upvotes.
for some reason i read the title as "elite atheists" and was really confused.
you could compare jordan after 6 nba seasons, and james after 6 nba seasons. 

jordan missed 1 season due to injury, but in his 6th full season, he won a title. jordan had pippen to dish to, and the bulls usually had a deadly 3-point shooter, so teams couldn't always double-team jordan. jordan scored more points than lebron after 6 years, was also a great defender, and jordan just knew how to win a game.  

lebron is much deadlier from 3-point range, and can block shots better than jordan. he out-rebounds jordan just slightly, and oddly, he gets more assists than jordan. 

it's hard to compare across generations, because the competition they play against every night has changed. players evolve, and the nba does have more depth today for certain. 

they are the 2 most special nba players i've seen in my lifetime. they are also different style of players, so that makes them hard to compare also. 
that last pic is great.
seriously..i thought he would be able to get low and body howard out of the box and make him play back to the basket.  the 76ers and celtics showed that method works.  he tossed up a lot of ugly against the cs
after watching on espn how much candy he eats, i fear for his health and hope he doesn't develop diabetus.
as a lifetime braves fan, i sadly have to agree with this article. we're not very deep in the outfield.. he might be better than the alternative. he does play good d. 

sigh.
orlando team is owned by amyway... 
it's the same in every sport in every state... you should see all the grumpy old curmudgeon blackhawks fans angry about "bandwagoners" now that they're selling out games...

lots of fans get bitter and angry when the team gains new fans during a period of success...

it's quite the same phenomenon as music fans who get angry when the band that "only they liked" becomes popular.... they get irrationally angry and whiny about it... 
lebron makes enough money to hate life sometimes.  do the damn interview.
is he aware that he is, in fact, beelzebub?
the man owes it to his sponsors to act professionally. 
i'm in orlando too and it sucked going out to my local bar to watch the magic play and all these "fans" are all into it now and complaining about every call. 
if hossa stays with the pens they probably still don't win the cup this year and they probably don't get dan bylsma.
i didn't realize they are doing so much disassembly before the total implosion. i wonder if they're intentionally saving the dugouts for some reason? maybe they can re-use them somewhere in the city and turn them into something useful... subway entrance, bus stop, etc etc.
he's not better than the alternatives, and his d has steadily declined to the point of being slightly below average, now. that's exactly what the article points out, with the vorp stat, on both o and d. 

and i'm a diehard, lifelong braves fan, who was enamored with frenchy during his torrid start...


i'm not going to lie i'm jumping on the bandwagon while the getting is good. i have only ever been to a hand full of magic games in my life. i will support the team while they are in the play offs (finals now) but once it's done no matter the outcome i'm jumping right off the wagon. however been a bucs fan long before they won the super bowl and continue to be :). go bucs!!
bs
nba championships:
none
mike francesca is a fat sack of shit.

he tries to run players out of town all the time for no good reason (ex. ryan church) and helps fan the flames of the idiotic sports fans in nyc so that certain things become memes among them (such as this joba in the pen bs)

one of my co-workers listens to him every day, i don't know how he tolerates that kind of pain.
are they actually doing an implosion? shea wasn't imploded, nor brought down by wrecking balls, due to nyc laws/codes. did they get a variance for yankee stadium?
francesa schools another addle-brained caller.
there is a lot of talking shit in being a sports fan. i think with this format it is going to be difficult to stop this behavior. if everything gets downvoted, then should it not work it self out?
look, as a canadian (and therefore expert on hockey) the rule very specifically allows for all sorts of leeway. the rule is there to prevent sending out goons in the last few minutes to hurt players. its not to prevent a little tussling among the skill guys.

besides, having the commish interpret the 'intent of the law' as opposed to the letter prevents situations like what happened with stoudemire getting suspended for standing up when nash was decked a few years back in the nba playoffs. and stern just said "aw shucks guys, nothing i can do about a bad call/rule, i am only the bloody commish". bettman sucks, but at least they get that right.
i was kind of hoping to start a conversation about why bill simmons is popular. i fail to understand why he's so popular and wish someone would talk this out with me.
maria, if you're sad about your loss, please know that i will always be here to console you.
ah, maybe not. my mind just automatically correlated "demolition" with "implosion" when it came to tearing down a stadium.
um, lebron hasn't done anything remarkable or won anything, so this makes no sense.  
varejao was the only one that was able to do anything to howard and he was much smaller, so it didn't really work.
spoiled little hundred million dollar baby.


yeah and even when they tried to wrap him up all they did was cause a foul while dh dunked.  how many dunks did he have in that series?  had to be 50% of his points via the stuff
why not, they always seem to get a pass.
i hope alex calls mike back today after chamberlin's start last night. 8 innings of 2 run ball, throwing his breaking pitches for strikes and hitting 98 on the radar. 
and at least lemieux had accomplished something, unlike lebron.
need to learn a few things from boston.com's photo abilities. one would think a building with so much history and an icon of new york would have higher quality pictures, even from a heli.
i'm not sure what nefarious thing de smith would be doing in there, but this does stink of some kind of a cover-up.  
i thought he would be very good, especially after that georgia game in '07, but he was quite the disappointment last season.  here's to hoping he gets back on track (on the field).
joba should be pitching in the 8th inning and then taking over for mariano in like 2 or 3 years.
i believe you have it the other way around. from what i heard on the video, francesa did not listen to what the caller had to say. alex stated joba has top 5 stats as a starter (although he does not get a chance to identify what stats he is basing this off of) and he does not proclaim him to be a top 5 starter in the league. joba to the bullpen is idiotic right now and for the future. it only makes sense if the yankees need to limit his innings and put him there at the end of the season.
the *dispatch*'s article was actually on a more interesting subject matter of how universities apply the ferpa act to censor athlete's names in reports, etc, and how every university applies it in their own way.
one of the better letters to players i've read in a long time.
he's robin soderling, from sweden. the great thing about sports is that there will always be new young heroes to dethrone the established powerhouses. if we can't accept that and let go... well, then we're just the same as the gop.

granted, nadal only turns 23 tomorrow...
lol, if that is allowed the pens need to just drop hal gill laid down in front of the goal (behind fluery) for the whole game.  instant removal of 40% of shooting space and fleury only has to worry about high shots.  
s**ö**derling is far from unknown in sweden, currently our best tennis player (he's been on the scene since like 2003). at wimbledon 2007 he held nadal to a 5 setter that spanned like 4 days because of the weather.
what a phenomonal player.  he's not given enough credit for his achievements.
honestly the rule is stupid anyways.  this might be the only time i say this but, i agree with mike milbury in that they are trying to do too much towards the "wimpification" of hockey. 
i didn't watch this but, can only think this happened before...it was called 2 girls 1 cup at that point. 
how is the sport reddit any different than the rest of reddit?
i wonder what his record is against federer.
söderling was the only swede playing in either the men or women's draw.  it's a down time in swedish tennis, but he rightly pointed out that sweden is doing pretty well for a country with nine million citizens, perhaps one place where socialized sports does quite well.
federer is 9-0 against soderling dating back to 2004.  he last beat soderling before the french open in madrid (he beat nadal at madrid, a week before the start of the event).
loses all credibility because it doesn't include the semin/staal fight: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_ydsuczi2e
angelos, far and above every one else, deserves this distinction.  the way he took a loved baseball team in baltimore and completely destroyed it by pretending he knew the least bit about managing a baseball club is sickening to a fan. every time i hear him say "well, you can't compete in this division without spending $500mil" pisses me off even more.
sweet! he's not gonna win though
i don't know if roger is the goat, but he certainly will go down as the loat (luckiest of all time). this is not a knock, he has been blessed with the greatest luck of any athlete i know. whether it's bad weather, scheduling snafus or draws opening up, roger almost invariably benefits. now, in his decline, with the other top three players pretty much dominating him, he has a chance to win the only major that has eluded him when number 1 and number 4 (currently the two best clay court players) are eliminated in freak early round upsets and number 3 loses before the final. the tennis gods truly love roger federer. 

if he fails to win rg this year, i will be speechless.

edit: i forgot to mention his avoidance of major injuries. a lot has to do with his style of play, but i mean c'mon, i slipped on a step the other day and tore up my knee!... anyone can get hurt at any time getting out of the bathtub. but for 5 years roger didn't even have a paper cut. lucky.
i just got back from baltimore, and i have to say it's a tragedy what he has done to that franchise.  they love their teams in baltimore.  i live in washington dc right now, but dc doesn't compare to baltimore when it comes to how visible the love for their teams are.

in baltimore there is not a bar that is covered in ravens or orioles memorabilia. on game days, regardless of how the team is doing, people are out drinking and being retards supporting their team.

people don't do that shit here.  someone needs to come in and give that city the team they deserve.  it's a shame a baseball city like that, with arguably the most amazing stadium in baseball, has to endure a lack of enthusiasm and horrible management decisions of such a horrible person.  i'd like to add that i know people that have been in business deals with peter angelos and they couldn't get over how much of a douchebag him and his son were.
i'm definitely a fan of bill simmons. not because he's a journalist of any sort, but because he's an unabashed sports fan and boston homer who knows he's both of those things, and seems to at least make an effort to not always be that guy. (i'm a fan of his self-deprecating comedy.)

plus, while i don't get a lot of his reality tv-based comments, i do love some of the pop culture movie and tv references he peppers in his stories, many of which are actually quite good. (but i love basketball, so that helps.)
the "what if" game? really? joba as a starter is so much more valuable to the team than as a closer. let him develop as a starter and then maybe next season you have the most dominant 1-2 punch in the american league with cc and joba.
it's true that dc doesn't have the love that baltimore does, but all of our franchises are new.  people are already starting to get the bug over the caps, the united regularly pull an insanely involved crowd, and in seven years when the nats recover from the mlb's worst-ever managing who plundered their minor league system for years, they will get a following too.

i moved here from ny area about a year ago, and i'm feeling the disappointment about the basic apathy over baseball myself.  baltimore is far better as far as team loyalty goes, though, you are certainly right about that.  but you under-estimate the caps.  i wear a mets jersey to every nats game i go to and everyone is super nice to me (and you better believe i'll be there friday-sunday this weekend!).  i've been pushed around and spit on in my devils jersey.
fair enough, here are my issues with him:

1. why does he not have a comment section for every article that he writes on the espn website? perhaps this is not his doing, but not being able to comment to his articles further perpetuates the image that his opinion is correct and that anyone who disagrees with him does not have a say in the matter.
2. he's definitely a homer (we agree on this) but i don't understand exactly how he makes an effort to not be. with the exception of the article where his dog died, i can't think of one single article that did not mention a boston sports team. his last article (featured on the espn mag and linked on the website) is about david ortiz and his decline and what this means for boston red sox. 
3. his use of pop culture can be a bit excessive. in his podcasts, for example, he hosts several guests that have nothing to do with sports, and they only talk about sports marginally. seth meyer, adam carolla, jon hamm?

i should note, i'm not telling you why you're wrong, this is just my opinion regarding a seriously overrated and underskilled writer.
and is then immediately signed since he is better than any other player in the team.
meh, try being a pirates fan pal.
i don't listen to any sports radio, especially not in nyc. 

but when i used to mike &amp; the mad dog were always the worst, and now mad dog isn't even around anymore to rein  him in.

mike francesca is the rush limbaugh of sports talk radio.  fat and full of shit.
yeah, the foot in his mouth is named "tampa bay".

as a lifelong oriole fan, i'm as disgusted as you all. don't forget angelos drove away pat gillick after his dealings brought the o's 2 straight post-season appearances. he just doesn't like subordinates with minds of their own.
as i was writing that i knew i was going to tweak a nerve, and you are 100% right.  i didn't want to diss dc, i have been living here for 2 years and love the city.  i think the capitals and alex o. is the best thing that's happened to dc in the past couple years, even better than obama i'd probably say.  the problem with that is that the caps have been tearing it up, i've been a md'er and a caps fan my whole life and the crowd only comes out when we are winning.  in baltimore people are born with black, purple, and orange in there blood.

i think what i was getting at was the apathy *within* the city.  i live in nw, it's all students, and politicos.  people who are from wherever, and don't really give a shit about dc.  for me the difference comes down to, when it's gameday you know it in baltimore...in dc you can barely tell (unless it's the caps).

also, all the skins fans seem to be out in virginia.  nats have a long way to go, and the wizards need the hibachi aka agent zero back.
blah blah blah detroit fansite complaining about broadcaster bias. penguins are done in 6 at most, 5 more likely.  

nothing to read, move along.
i saw him take down elitexc in one fight..of course that was because he got his ass kicked and the league banked on him to be it's star...no way he does anything in the ufc
1. i'm not sure if the lack of a comment section for every article is controlled by him or espn. he does seem to read some email responses. but that obviously doesn't provide the immediacy or visibility of a comment section. (i've never found that a big issue because the comments on espn often turn into 'conversations' barely above the level of those on youtube.)

2. you're probably right about him mentioning a boston team in every article, but i did say he seems to try. i say that based on some of the articles he's written about the celtics in which he objectively examines their faults. most fans, of which he is more fan than writer, can't even try to be objective about their favorite team.

3. i must admit that i've never listened to his podcasts, and just learned who jon hamm is after reading your comment. 

he's certainly not the best writer (we agree there), but i think his appeal has a lot to do with that 'every man' element he seems to have. kind of like a drunk buddy who knows a ton, but who you'd also have no problem telling to put a sock in it.
i think took jj putz' place in the mets' pen
the league sent a clear message by not fining james after skipping out on reporters that he is treated differently and that was bad for the nba.  for the first time i lost some respect for james after this crybaby attitude.  
down voting solid stories is a way of life for some...submit article and 3 seconds later it is down voted.  people don't even read they just click down. almost makes you not want to waste time submitting good stories.  luckily there are some cool people in the group that get some good discussion going.
he should play for the orlando magic. magic defeated previous champ celtics and then the #1 seeded cavs. soderling defeated previous champ, #1 seed, and #4 seed. not too shabby.
this is a whiny letter written by a guy unsuccessfully coping with an athlete's inconsistency.  

here's my letter to him:

dear dude,

you're a huge yankees fan.  to you, joba is the future of your franchise.  you want him to be a killer starter and usher in a new generation.  but your outlook on the future is highly sensitive to the nightly ups and downs of this athlete.  when he does poorly one night, you wanna say he's shit.  when he does well the next night, you wanna say he's el salvador.  my advice to you is, stop trying to predict what joba will mean to the yankees over the next decade.  also, just because yankees fans impatient--as new york sports fans are in general--doesn't mean it's rational.  joba could continue to go up and down for the rest of his career.  he could have a career ending injury the next time he starts.  try to chill and ride it out.  your letter will not affect his performance in the least.
this just goes to show the quality of players on the atp circuit. everyone in the top 100 has a world of talent, it's usually just mental aspects that separate the top ten from the rest. but any given tournament something may just click in a player's head and he starts beating everyone. this is what appears to be happening with robin in this tournament. he was known for getting nervous against the top players but he's now beaten three elite clay courters in ferrer, davydenko and of course rafa. something similar occurred with tsonga at ao 08. 


nationals fans have a special hatred for angelos as the man who tried to keep baseball out of dc, and then mucked up the tv deal to keep them off the air for the first two years they were in town.
please... like the ufc hasn't had a bunch of fat, out of shape amateur fighters promoted as "stars" and "elite athletes" since it's conception.

it's no different today, there is just a bigger budget for marketing.
he's got a crazy forehand and the ball seems to just jump off his racket. i really like his chances as federer struggled against haas and soderling is on a hot streak. 
*remove*:

he's a decent player who played well against a better player who did not.
agree on the depth. it's friggen insane. a bit off topic, but the best women would likely fall well below the 1000 mark, perhaps even as low as the 1500s (this is not slight to women, just a testament to the depth of men's tennis).
i would disagree on the point of 'any given tournament'.

 playing out of your level for an entire tournament (at the professional level) is quite rare, particularly at the grand slams. for a match, or a short span of matches, i agree.
it will be interesting to see what happens. 

i'm quite excited at the prospect of not seeing the disgusting (both in attitude and person) brit for the remainder of the tournament.

ps: what the hell is going on with commenting? this began at 0...
any way we could drive angelos out? 
soderling had a mix of good and bad luck.  the bad luck was that he injured his left wrist.  so while he was off the tour for a few months letting it heal, he worked on his forehand and slice backhand.

because pros need to defend points, they can't take off months from the sport to improve themselves as much as they would like.  most of them basically have december to try to get better.
who would they replace rivera with?  it's a simple question, genius.  name the pitcher.

posada has already said joba should be the next closer after rivera retires.  i think he would know better than anyone here.
the top pros have generally managed to avoid injuries.  of course, roger pays attention to injury prevention.  many players get massages and such to avoid problems.

mcenroe stayed pretty much injury free his whole career as did connors.  borg was pretty much injury free.  haas, on the other hand, not a lucky guy.

federer did have two issues.  one was getting mono at last year's australian open which many felt affected his play in 2008 (and even now).  second, he hurt his back late in 2008.  this probably affected his training too.  some speculate that his inconsistency stems from wanting to cut points down short due to lack of fitness.  i don't believe it personally.

roger has shown an incredible amount of consistency in the grand slams, which is a credit to how well he plays even when he doesn't play well.  he understands what it takes to win.
the closer is the most overvalued position in baseball, just ask bill james. someone who has a pretty good understanding of baseball. you're more worried about three outs at the end of the game but what about the other 24? closers don't take care of those because they usually have 1 or 2 good pitches. joba has a full arsenal and last night he showed he's more than capable of doing so at an elite level. but all of my arguments make sense and you're just spitting "what ifs" and name calling so you're intelligence on the matter is shining.
his forehand does look better, but more importantly his confidence is suddenly through the roof. i mean rafa just humiliated him at rome 6-1, 6-0. robin hasn't added any new shots since then, he is just playing his same shots with much greater confidence. 
they haven't sold out yet
&gt;i think what i was getting at was the apathy within the city.

in that, we agree, definitely.  it is a different mood.  people side with the victors.  dc is a city full of transplants, very few true fans.
rampage passed on a title fight; kimbo doesn't have to fight to stay in the house.  bullshit!  
mlb steroid users? bonds hitting 74 home runs in one season?
he doesn't have what it takes mentally to be the leader of the offense.  he isn't a good passer either.
good interview with burt hooton - former mlb baseball player.
interesting to see what happens with this.  if he doesn't get fined, you will most definitely see some disgruntled players and media who will be screaming favoritism.
&gt; he doesn't have what it takes mentally to be the leader of the offense.

that's bullshit. why would you say that? he's led offenses his entire career. 

&gt; he isn't a good passer either.

maybe you haven't been paying attention, but he's been dispelling those myths his entire career also. you have no idea what you're talking about.
one word.  two syllables.

cuckoo.
this comment is so off base its laughable. when kerry collins (no offense to him), is your first option, vince young is not very good.

leading offenses his whole life has nothing to do with it. ryan leaf, aaron rodger, joey harrington, david carr and more led offenses their whole life before vince as well. this has nothing to do with nfl success, nor does the heisman. see troy smith and eric crouch on that.
why, because the espn can't report facts?
please mcguire has his favorites every game and he will go on about how great they are and how bad the other team is. usually it is for the team that is winning. he is useless and adds nothing.
kerry collins was one of the best quarterbacks in the league last year. i'm not saying historically he's been that good, but last year he was great. you seriously mean to say that since vince young wasn't able to beat out one of the nfl's top quartebacks then he's not very good? that's dumb.

you don't know vince young and it's vicariously embarrassing to see you all thinking you do. i'm from austin. i've seen every game he's ever played in @ college. he's one of the best athletes the sports world has ever seen. trust me, he's capable of being an nfl starter, just like he proved when he was one and took his team to the playoffs.
reminds me of the time nolan ryan threw out the ceremonial 1st pitch at the season opener for my little league game, right at my head, i charged the mound and he got me in a head-lock, caught me in the ribs a couple times.
&gt; he's one of the best athletes the sports world has ever seen.

sounds like kordell stewart once he reached the nfl.  we all know how that qb project ended up.  yes, he went to the playoffs.  no, he didn't turn out to be worth a damn.  

when he couldn't cut the mustard, he was replaced by a qb with proven experience in the league.  sure, vince willed the 'horns to many-a-win.  what you did in college is moot once you get to the league.  period.  the nfl is a 'what have you done for me lately?' league...  and vince hasn't done shit.
&gt; that's bullshit. why would you say that? he's led offenses his entire career.

i'm good with computers and have been in the field for many-a-year.  that doesn't mean i'm qualified to do the work of many i.t. professionals.

&gt; maybe you haven't been paying attention, but he's been dispelling those myths his entire career also.

duhblow7 was wrong.  he is a good passer.  but far from a great one.  his stats show that he is mediocre at best.


&gt; the nfl is a 'what have you done for me lately?' league... and vince hasn't done shit.

yeah but, moron, he's sitting on the fucking bench. do you just expect him to run onto the field and grab the ball out of kerry collins' hands and make a play? 

he wants to be traded. he's better than all the qbs on the roster for lots of these teams. trust me, in time, you'll be eating your words.
good is better than mediocre. his passing game is serviceable enough to win ball games.
&gt; trust me, in time, you'll be eating your words.

i am a steelers fan (born, raised, and living in tx).  vince needs to win at least 2 super bowls before i will eat my words.  ;^)
good is not enough to win championships.
no. 

because he's an emotionally unstable prima donna.
in the picture you can see the growth. i don't know how i didn't see this until today.
rtfa
that picture of the boxing guy looks like he's dead, that one was pretty messed up, should have been #1
don't they have matches, practices, conditioning, nutritioning, etc. to improve throughout the year?

they have access to everything they want and more at that level.
why does he live in monaco?
as bad as it sounds i watched the first figure staking one.

and was there any doubt as to the top?
swedish taxes aren't very kind to professional athletes. + i imagine that the he has better training options during the winter months down there as a nice bonus.
robin ventura? is that you?
ah, so his head actually was getting bigger.
good is better than 85% of the quarterbacks in the league. most are only mediocre. 

i'm telling you, vince doesn't lose. he just doesn't. you make him a starter, and give him time to get comfortable, and let him be himself and you will get a winning team. that's just how he is. 
you're basing this off of one mistaken espn report. you're a dumbass.
no pete rose on the list? wow.
he had surgery at the cleveland clinic?  i hope none of the browns players were there to bump in to him and pass along a staph infection.
he's still an asshole.
rodney,

we'll miss you on the field.

thank you for training hard and playing hard - you are one of the players fans love to watch play.

good luck with your life :)
wtf nsfw!
no.  i am basing this off of hanging out with him on a couple occasions.  i swear he is bi-polar.
being you're a texan, i'm sure you know who andre ware is, how well he performed in college, and how much of a bust he was at the professional level.

put down the kool-aid for a minute and consider the fact that your rose-shade glasses are probably getting in the way of here-and-now reasoning.  
i think because there's still trying to get over the butthurt from not seeing a kobe/lebron final.
&gt; blah blah blah detroit fansite complaining about broadcaster bias...nothing to read, move along.

you are correct.

&gt; penguins are done in 6 at most, 5 more likely.

depends on game 4.  if the pens win it, this goes 7.  if not it goes 5. 
the thing i love is how bylsma is not running crosby away from zetterberg but, using babcock's strategy to try to wear him out.  to quote from last night's post game conference bylsma said something along the lines: 

"you can easily see what babcock is doing so we are going to try to trap him on the ice and wear him down.  you could see it in him after we caught him on the ice after the pp for about a 2:30-3 minute shift." 

i think that is brilliant.  while zetterberg is doing a fantastic job on sidney, this will work if the series goes a long way.  
qb sweep. they have to grab your flag, you just have to snap the ball and run left or right and have your receivers blocking.
the basic rules: no blocking, 5 second blitz, at least 3 girls on the field at all times and a girl must be involved on a play at least once every 3 downs (e.g. a girl qb, or a pass attempt to a girl).
speed option.

edit:  see my username and you will see why i advocate the option.
you had to throw in the backkick before that too!
reasonable prognostications
you buy a chevy if you can't afford a mercedes.

so how is this any different? 

spend $14, sit in the bleachers and shut up.


make sure the girls are tight ends, and not wide receivers.
do peds make an indy driver into a pod racer? i'm curious about what they would do or how they would improve performance for a driver.
&gt;quoted text “are they serious, $2,500 for one seat to a ball game? that’s almost four months pay for me,” jim spencer wrote on the mlb fanhouse web site. 

you make $600 a month and live in new york? how?
a local aa game costs $9 here, and is much faster paced. 
some thoughts from an armchair football geek:

• throw it over the middle. (opt for lots of post patterns and routes that cross. forget about the flat, imho, though i'm long since talking outta my rear end here.)
• get the ball to your best athletes. doesn't matter how.
i coached a girl's flag football team and i found the best way to call plays so they could all understand was to assign numbers to each receiver route (i think we only had like 3 routes) and to the rb route.  i called the play like 1-3-3-2-2, which meant left wr runs route 1, left te runs route 3, etc. and the last number was the rb.  each girl kept the same position for every play so they wouldn't get confused.

for defense i did something similar, just called the formation like 3-2-1, which meant 3 on the line, 2 linebackers, 1 safety.

its against the rules to block down field... however we can get away with a little bit of blocking if the receivers just happen to "be in the way."
well... sam bradford makes anything work.
i'm not sure how you live anywhere on 600/mnt.  maybe he meant weeks.
as long as people are buying tickets they aren't going to lower the prices.
they usually have a cheap as hell beer night once a week too.
two-for-tuesdays!
very good girl qb play
he must of meant weeks but even still living on $28,800-$31,200 in ny is not that easy.
he should just change his name to fail.
yeah, that should really be in the top 2 or 3. he cheated his way to the title of 'home run king'.
i should expect this from a yankees fan.  but you're fundamentally wrong because a good/great starter is so much more valuable good/great closer that it's not even funny.

besides closers are a dime a dozen in the league, just because the yankees have had the same one for 16 years doesn't mean that they couldn't easily pluck a hard thrower from the minors or their bullpen and stick them in the closers spot and have them do a decent enough job.

you don't groom closers, you groom starters and let them pitch themselves out of the rotation.  joba hasn't done that.  phil hughes might have but only because the yankees hype machine has so thoroughly chewed him up that it will be funny if he gets traded and flourishes some where else.

i honestly don't understand why yankee fans are so dead set on joba becoming a reliever when the real answer is to keep him in the rotation and stick hughes in the pen where his fastball will play up.
thirsty thursdays here.
yeah -- redditors can't get the name right.
lives with his mom in new jersey.
except national championships.  but hey he gets another shot...
you spelled skills wrong.
i would love it if he got traded to another team but couldn't manage to get his number as 85.

hilarity would ensue.
in the new yankee stadium, a hot dog and a beer cost more than 1 bleacher seat. 
you obviously know nothing about baseball so i'm done with this argument. "no one pitches 8 innings anymore." what does that mean? if you're referring to starters not going 8 innings then you're delusional because joba just did it and pitchers like cc sabathia (who is on the yankees in case you didn't know) and roy halladay have thrown 8 or more innings in a game 9 times and we're only about 1/3 through the season. how old are you, 10? you have a lot to learn.
wait... was that innuendo or are you being serious?
i prefer to call it inyourendo.
fair enough.

an upvote to you, good sir.
probably has a rent controlled apt in the bronx someplace.  if you make min wage at 40 hours a week your take home is about $600 a month.
where did it say he lived in ny? 
that is probably what the rest of the cavs choked on against orlando
if the guy was still putting up numbers this wouldn't be a big deal, but the only headlines he is making lately are things like this.  this guy was so feared two years a go and now he is a sideshow.
good post.
we're both talking about the guy that practically cried on the sidelines and refused to go back into the game, right?  


the guy that went awol, had a mental breakdown, and had his own coach call the police to find him for his own safety, right?


the guy that in his last game was boo'd by the home fans, right?


the guy that has 56 turnovers (32 int, 24 fumbles) with 22 touchdowns in his nfl career, right?  &lt;&lt; holy shit


this guy has so much damn athletic ability that he hasn't actually learned the game.  he wasn't working with scraps either, had the best d in the league, had 2 great rb's to hand the ball off too and has a good o-line.  but watch him in the pocket.  he wants out.  maybe in college that works, but not in the nfl.  wildcat maybe.  pocket passer?  not anytime soon.

these are not the quality of a leader.


if you cannot see any of this...


but then again, i said eli would never win a ring either...
lugnuts?
&gt; and oddly, he gets more assists than jordan.

this is odd? the cavaliers play lebron-ball. all plays go through him.
dont fuck with the red wings.
didn't even know you can fight in hockey.. then again i live down south in australia. time to check wikipedia..
can as in physically able to? or can as in it is permitted? it is illegal and you get penalized for fighting but that doesn't mean it doesn't happen. it is a huge part of hockey. 
http://www.essentialtennis.com/tournews/2009/06/day-11-at-french-open.html
[bob fucking probert](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zczemssgwyu)
i remember the old shirts that said "give blood, fight probert"
guy that's leaps and bounds above the rest
your series of repeated head shots does not impress me =p http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1-25s4uwfq&amp;feature=related is the best hockey fight ever!
i refuse to shake hands with his benign growth... b/c that's just gross.
if someone submits this with any context whatsoever i will probably upvote.
hahaha. i wonder if they agreed to let it happen once they saw he couldn't even spell his new name correctly?  or is it that he doesn't do anything on the field anymore so who cares?  
to put things in perspective, it's hard enough to win a grand slam event (the french open, wimbledon, us open, and the australian open), but to be among the last 4 standing for 6 years is a record that's unlikely to be broken soon.
sounds, but now that i look at their web page it appears they don't do it anymore.
its interesting to see all the balls that are very close to the center of the strike zone... 

and how many of those 'strikes' that are clearly balls resulted in the batter getting ejected
if by "can" you mean there is no immediate ejection, then yes, they can.  the refs don't usually break up the fight until one of the players goes down to the ice.  most fights don't result in fines or suspensions, just a 5 minute penalty.
wow, that was brutal. i'm impressed.
"here’s the question: who has the guts to tell him that he sounds like an immature, self-absorbed brat?

here’s the problem for the cavaliers and james: no one."
that's tough
i'm australian and i think that letting the fights go on is very irresponsible. just wait until someone gets brain damage after being knocked out and hitting their head on the ice.
those were not nhl players.  ahl i think?
there's a right and a right and a right right right right right!
i agree with this sentiment; however, this article does a really poor job of explaining the real issue.  the run of the mill tickets are also getting more expensive in ny.

on top of that, food and beer prices are going up in some places and not in others.  beer at busch stadium is apparently $7.75 for 16oz of bud light.  at wrigley, you can get 16oz of becks for $6.25.
historically, fighting has been what allowed the smaller finesse guys like gretzky to survive out there.  the brutes know that if they take out the little guys with a vicious check, they will have to answer to the other side's enforcer.  it's basically mutually assured destruction.
riiiight.
not at all. vince young is just my favorite player. i know what he's capable of; that's all. and i think it's absurd that so many people are conspiring against him.
i was lucky enough to see this one live at msg: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epcxxffzhba&amp;feature=related
please disregard any notlob comments as intelligent or the opinion of true yankee fans. half of his statements sound like they were written when drunk and have no facts for support.
the yankees do not want joba as a reliever and that's why he's in the rotation. the only reason he was ever in the bullpen was to limit his innings while utilizing him at the major league level. notlob cannot realize that 200+ innings are more valuable than 65.
what?  are you implying that a common folk like me can't be in the same place at the same time as your illustrious vince young?

pleeeease.
no [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqsvxihwaza) is a hockey fight.

check out the punch at 3:03


exactly.  that and it's a fuse that helps let both teams reset their aggression and get back to the game. if left unchecked, the retaliatory cheap shots continue to escalate until many players on both sides get injured.

[i recommend.](http://www.amazon.com/code-unwritten-rules-fighting-retaliation/dp/1572437561/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1244065151&amp;sr=8-2 "the code: the unwritten rules of fighting and retaliation in the nhl")
yeah, he wants to be treated like the demigod that he is. he doesn't handle it too well when he's treated like a bum. you've got to understand, he's probably never been booed in his life. he's never failed on the football field. football is everything to him. see, this is why houston should have picked him. we'd never do that to him. can you imagine if cleveland fans booed lebron james? what would that do to him?

lendale white wasn't particularly a superstar out of the backfield. he's definitely not 'great'. 

vince can throw the ball. it doesn't make a difference where he throws it from. people are just trying to turn him into something he's not. mack brown did this in '05. vince brought this to his attention and in '06 mack let vince be vince, and we won the national championship. you have to let vince be vince. there are things that are going to bug you about his game. he's unorthodox. he might throw a lot of picks. but pretty soon all the flaws will be ironed out of his game. that's what it takes, just a little time. there's a learning curve. 

i think vy will definitely win a superbowl if someone gives him a chance. jeff fisher already said he's eventually going to be the starter. vince is just ready to play ball. he doesn't want to wait, and he shouldn't have to. 
can we demote him to prince james at least?
a sore loser
the [worst hockey fight ever](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpjdqinhsyq) is much funnier.
i thought the same thing.  the article seemed to focus on the "balls" that were called strikes, but there were some green dots right near the center of the strike zone.  if i had to guess, they were probably big sweeping curve balls.  umps never seem to know how to call these.
he was never that nice
i don't know anything about [australian rules football](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_rules_football).. then again i live in canada.

edit: do you guys just call it football there?
i saw him charge the mound as a kc royal in the 1980's, i'd say he's always been a tad intense...
he is clearly not one of the best athletes the sports will has ever seen. the nfl is the true test of an athlete as the difference between college and the nfl are so large. no option, immense speed at every position.

vince young proved he couldn't handle the athleticism of the league. and to say you've seen him in every game means absolutely nothing, especially in college.
&gt; vince young proved he couldn't handle the athleticism of the league.

how? by having one bad game?
also not making oldsmobiles anymore.
some of the fighting was so brutal i wonder what sort of steroids they were on to bring about such rage. other parts of the fighting were so pathetic you'd wonder if it was staged.
go mclouth! played against him in little league.
yeah :-)
holy shit!
the person who wrote this totally misrepresents the problem people have with angel hernandez. i've heard people complain about his larger than normal strike zone, but i've heard a lot more people complain that he just makes awful calls at the worst times. i'm inclined to agree. whats worse is he's typically a really big douche bag about it too.
i love the description on the youtube link

"2 guys punch the shit out of each other "
is that where domi got his scar?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl-bemyq-k0
french ocean racer hydroptere breaks the 40-knot speed barrier
yeah. in quebec, hockey is kind of a religion.
those were two teams from the province of quebec.
so the rivalry was pretty much batshit insane, like religious people. :)
or tim wakefield knucklers
this just never happens with big name players. there's no 85 that outranks him where he might get traded
i hope collins, [for whatever reason possible](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8pagj/the_analysts_and_writers_dont_know_what_theyre/), is unable to play for the season opener.

tennessee vs. pittsburgh.

here's to football!
yeah, football, or footy for short. actually, footy as a word is used pretty often down here.
and if i had wheels i'd be a wagon.
you can really see it clearly in these pics, how did he keep from popping it for so long?
i love baseball and i love the braves. can't believe they released tom glavine today. almost seems like a they are settling an old score.

they needed another outfielder bad and that's what they got. i hope francoeur can get his head straight and play the ball he's capable of playing. the braves could be pretty good if that happens and mclouth continues doing what he did last year.
i love how there are no ads on the boards.  and i also love how chris chelios is in this fight and he's still playing today. 
"the comeback was not working," the gm said. "our evaluation was he would not be successful."

ice cold!!!
i can't believe matta didn't rate a mention.  when bj mullens is a one and done for your program, who isn't?
everything seems to be; sunglases are sunnies, hotties woodies, windies, woolies tinnies (cans) etc etc .. here is more 

 http://books.google.com/books?id=pqmy-hz_r_kc&amp;pg=pa27&amp;lpg=pa27&amp;dq=australian+words+ending+in+ie+or+y&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=f4wdrrnrc6&amp;sig=bw-cv0vkpja43ma-cpq0omjusky&amp;hl=en&amp;ei=sxensv6glo3emysb5yuf&amp;sa=x&amp;oi=book_result&amp;ct=result&amp;resnum=1#ppa28,m1
get a fucking proof reader.  your shit is literally missing words in places.

downmod this crap.  just someone complaining that a 16 year old is cocky, welcome to the real world.
traded for bums.  what is the deal with huntington here?  i thought he was done selling the farm with bay and nady gone.  and they added some guy they loved (hernandez) and a couple mediocre pitchers.  we needed all star talent prospects in return, and we didn't get it.

at least mccutcheon can come up, show some talent for a year or two and get traded again, after he signs a multi year contract of course.

wonder if doumit hadn't been injured if he would have been gone too, i mean he is also signed for multiple years.
i was just reading about this 16 year old kid in sportsillustrated magazine. they said as a sophmore he ranks up there with griffey and arod when they were seniors. they also said he hit a hr 570 ft! that is fucking insane. yeah it was with a metal bat but still, he is only 16 thats crazy
having played tennis, i'm somewhat skeptical about the sound made being a huge clue. that said, it's surprising what little clues one may subconsciously pick up on. when playing at night i would always have to wear my glasses because in the darker conditions i could not see the rotation of the ball. it's not like i ever *looked* for the ball's rotation but it's something you come to pay attention to.

all that said, some of the grunting, especially in the woman's game, seems rather ridiculous. i understand a loud grunt when hinting a hard serve or a winner but serena williams sounds like she's creating a new language when she's out there.
while "cheating" is a strong word to use; i agree entirely that is is a deliberate and undesirable tactic. it is normal to let out the occasional sound when under strain, it is not normal or necessary to make a sound on the average serve or groundstroke. 

the other issue is that the constant shrieking, grunting and groaning is a turn off to audiences. this is no good for tennis and no good for business. it is up to the tennis federations to come together and make it clear to players what is and is not permissible on the court. 
they credit ben howland's ability to recruit at ucla, but a guy like russell westbrook was barely recruited out of high school and then became the #4 draft pick in just two years.

i think the ncaa is soon going to stop pretending that they need every good basketball player to come through. they're already at risk of becoming irrelevant in the long-term, so i would like to see them do something risky like mandate players stay at a school 2 years. 

sure, lots of players would leave and go to europe or (assuming the nba changed the rule) enter the nba, but it would stop the erosion of the nba. it would also prevent teams like usc from being successful by recruiting highly talented one-and-dones and require them to build a solid program.
yeah, but sometimes it's really hot when they grunt...
this is coming from probably one of the most skilled players we have seen so i would believe what she has to say.


so is playing women's tennis with testicles.
i only play tennis casually, but i can easily hear the difference between a volley, drop shop, solid hit, slice, and shank.   granted all of these differences have other clues, but i have no doubt that professionals can hear more subtle differences.

think about it this way--you can tell the difference between someone bouncing a ball and someone slamming the ball into the ground.  now imagine you've heard millions of balls bouncing.  i'd imagine you'd develop the skill to hear differences in velocity.

it's been a while since i've played, but i recall the difference in 'whack' as being fairly obvious when playing racquetball or squash.

anyways, whether or not grunting is used to cover up a clue, it's always sounded somewhat unrealistic in use to my ears.  if the grunts were related to strain, they would vary with the effort used. which would itself be a clue.
just because tennis players are able to drown out aural information that is valuable to their opponent does not mean that they should not be able to. banning grunting in tennis is like banning fancy dribbling tricks in basketball.

more importantly, grunting is hot.
one of the most skilled players who no longer has a vested interest in how rules are interpreted and enforced.  in other words she has nothing to personally gain by speaking out.

on related note, most tennis grunts always sounded sort of peculiar to me, almost artificial, this would explain that.
that is true . i remember when monica seles would grunt...i was 16 and would close my eyes to enjoy  lol
a player in the transylvania open-1885 claimed that crucifix necklaces should be banned because of the glare.
hernandez is a douche, but i hate one dimensional strike zones like this.  a ball can nick the outside corner on the front of the plate, be a strike, and end its trajectory where the sensor is outside of the strike zone.  especially with breaking pitches with tons of movement.  you really have to see a pitch to judge it.
i agree with martina on this one. it's over the top, ridiculous, and shouldn't be allowed. if this allowed and upheld, people that don't grunt should start singing.

someone i played tennis with did that in high school when he was losing and it was the most annoying thing in the world. fight fire with a blowtorch.
i couldn't find it on the internet yet, but nolan ryan (rangers president) said on the radio that he put padilla on waivers "to show the rest of the team we are trying to get rid of him.  we won't pitch guys who put our guys in danger of being retaliated against."

was a gutsy quote.  wish i could find it.
to me, womens tennis suffers from two problems


a) the grunting, which makes it borderline unwatchable.


b) that, at best, most of them have subpar net games. the exception in recent memory was henin and hingis, but have you seen sharapova or davenport or sofina at the net? they are completely lost and usually take full swings at the ball. this means the whole point is played at the baseline, which becomes pretty boring at times.
give me a f**king break!  how about baseball pitchers not being able to adjust their wind up to hind there grip on the ball. or, let's ban quarterbacks from faking hand-offs because it's just not fair to the defense.  the sound coming off the strings is one of the least important clues to the speed and spin of the ball. is it annoying, hell yes. shut up and play.
i partially agree with navratiloval, grunting should not be allowed continually... moaning however..
yes, but that player, d. racula if i recall, was subsequently banned for blood doping. 
but even at his age, d.racula is still playing in nightly tournaments - give him props for longevity.

edit - clarified after the parent poster commited account suicide.
you mean, like, palming?
simple solution, let the crowd grunt and holler during the grunters' serves.
see how they like it.
if i remember right, it was one of the belmonts right? they also liked throwing vials of water around, wonder what was with that.
monica seles = ***waaa-heeee!***
i tried to read the ice, and didnt get much more than 'toronto' i think, so i just went off uniform color.
that's how you clean up after a bloody good game.
i work with a guy that makes a loud, fake cough whenever he has to cut the cheese. he thinks he's masking the sound of the fart, but he's not.
obviously.
i'm not sure how grunting is "denying information" any more than a baseball pitcher hiding his hand in his glove to not show what pitch he's going to throw is.  
the corked bat was an excellent diversion.
the bullets sucked bad, but i still liked 'em and have my calbert cheaney jersey tucked away for future use.

they had cheaney, rasheed wallace, juwan howard and chris webber on their roster at one time, couldn't win shit.  
i think [this](http://notaxationwithoutrepresentation.tumblr.com/post/97208311/pure-point-generation-jordan-is-beyond-i-used) makes the point more succinctly.  that chart says it all.  james has a long way to go.
yahoo!
some of the grunts are so obnoxious that i cant even watch the match.  it you grunt when you hit a drop-shot, it is time to start wearing a muzzle.
despite people not liking his personality or the lakers, kobe might be the best sg ever.

chris paul is also pretty amazing to watch.  
you asshole.  you could have told me in person.  this is really embarrassing.
sounds like a durty jahb.
1. it's not cheating if it's not in the rules.

2. it probably should be in the rules. you don't have to scream to make the ball go faster. it's annoying and probably does hinder the other player's ability to judge how the ball was hit.

3. it probably won't get put in the rules because it 'charges up the fans' and the committee will probably deem it 'good for the sport'.
call it a "competitive advantage" until everyone does it.  kinda like steroids and hgh.   lol
the increasingly misnamed dakar rally?
&gt;if this allowed and upheld, people that don't grunt should start singing.

even better. they should start cursing. with every hit, say something like 'fuck you you piece of shit' or 'kiss my ass fuckface' or 'your mother was a fucking drunk'.
&gt;on related note, most tennis grunts always sounded sort of peculiar to me, almost artificial, this would explain that.

i've had similar experiences with women in the bedroom.
it may charge up some hardcore fans, but as a casual observer, it is just distracting and awkward.  the rule making committees are most likely more concerned with bringing in and keeping more new viewers than with mildly upsetting the hardcore fan base. at this level, its all about the ratings ($).
i freely admit to being a cubs fan, but i have to say that sammy is a lock for the hall.  maybe not first ballot, but the dude has 600+ homers and has never been anywhere near a steroid-use accusation.  

edit: thanks for the downmods reddit, way to foster intelligent conversation.  
and we shouldn't have to pay yahoo! for stattracker.
i cannot see how the obnoxious squawk that michelle de brito lets out could charge up anyone. if this is true i hate her fans more than her.
indeed.
probably the best move the braves could have made.  hanson is younger and cheaper and has more potential to make a big impact.
rider makes amazing save on his honda in the 250cc qualifying session at round 5 in mugello 2009
[günter parche](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/günter_parche) = i'll kill you, bitch!
is that why they grunt? thank god. 
i remember there being a show on tv about shouting in sporting competitions as a way to release more adrenaline into the body enhancing performance.

the show was about strong men breaking bricks, and it concluded it did give a 20-30% increase in power from shouting.
inigo montoya: **prepare to dieeeeeee!**
yes it was [sincere reply]
he sure did clam up and forget how to speak english during those congressional hearings, though.
oh, he's been *accused* plenty of times.  what he's never been anywhere near is so much as a shred of evidence.  people have been looking for years and, so far as i've heard, haven't found a thing.
which means nothing. i clam up and forget how to speak english around pretty girls and my boss, doesn't mean i'm juicing.  
i think his magically forgetting how to speak english in front of congress will raise enough suspicion with the voters.

if by some sham he does get in the hof, i wonder what language his speech will be in? 
slander much?
he has never been linked with anything officially, but his numbers are very suspect.

http://simononsports.blogspot.com/2009/02/numbers-on-steroids-sammy-sosa.html 

i am not as convinced that he was juicing or to what extent, but he has to be talked of in the steroid discussion. 


ben schultz: ***leeroy jenkins!!!!!!!!!!***
that's the thing though man, everybody in this era is linked to steroids.  you can't just apply some kind of blanket ban on everyone that played well, or gained weight.  i think the guys that got caught should be banned from the hall, but it's not right to penalize people without proof of wrong-doing.  
come on man, he brought an interpreter.  it's not like he just said, "no habla!" and took off.  
i never said he juiced. just found it coincidental.
&gt; sofina

you meant safina, right?
but there is a difference, because every pitcher covers the ball and it has become an accepted facet of the game.
yeah, so has martina, but she also has 18 more grand slams than you.  i'll trust her advice first.
i use a similar technique when playing table tennis. i fart as i hit the ball. it throws my opponents off.
ok, i can buy the explanation, but why is it only applicable for women?
nothing from espn or jayson stark is a good read.  
yes.  but the person willing to sound like an idiot should be able to make the sacrifice and gain the advantage.
disagree. grunts are hot.
kobe's nowhere near jordan, lebron or d-wade in terms of offensive production.

i just never understood why people got this idea about kobe.  he has as many duds as he does 81 pt games.  so he has an amazing highlight-reel move once every week or two.  you gotta look at the numbers.
since it is written, it would be libel.  

i think he was poking fun and this probably didn't cause any damage to sammy.  ask him?

but this is also interesting:
claimant is incapable of further defamation–e.g., the claimant's position in the community is so poor that defamation could not do further damage to the plaintiff. such a claimant could be said to be "libel-proof," since in most jurisdictions, actual damage is an essential element for a libel claim. essentially, the defense is that the person had such a bad reputation before the libel, that no further damage could possibly have been caused by the making of the statement. examples of celebrities considered libel-proof include paris hilton, michael jackson, and o.j. simpson.

the profit from football and men's basketball pretty much funds the rest of collegiate sports. the academic parts of the schools see very little, if any, money from the "big two".  

that being said, while it's easy to focus on schools like texas or osu that make huge fat wads of cash, there are what, 132 ncaa div 1 schools... and some of them lose money.  most of them make far less than the public imagines.

as for taxes, define taxes.  there are payroll taxes on all the employees of the programs, they will end up paying at least some sales and gasoline taxes and the like to keep the programs going. do those count?

i would say that rather than focus on taking profits div 1 football for the use of the state or federal government, they could come up with an "excess profits" rule that places money into the school's general fund. 
based on how the nfl age limit works..... the nba can have one if they'd like and the government can't do anything about it.
the corked bat is rather suspicious, as is the way his body type changed.  i'm not accusing, but you do have to wonder, and that might hurt his chances.  he will be a good test subject to see how the hall voters will treat someone suspected of steroid use.
i was actually posting this because i needed to demo reddit to someone. i don't even like sports or know who kobe bryant is. that said, i was assured he has "skillz" and not "skills" ;-)
there is definitely a case there for saying that grunting might give the players some extra power.  however, before posting this comment i went and watched some videos of some of the top players on the mens side.  

rarely grunt: 
- federer 
- roddick
- sampras
- murray
- djokovic
- hewitt

often grunt:
- nadal
- agassi
- gonzalez
- blake

there are some pretty powerful guys in both lists.  i do want to make the point though that even in the second list, none of those players seemed to be deliberately grunting in order to throw off their opponent.  more often that not, they would grunt on a big serve or forehand, but in the slower points they would be a lot quieter.  also, when they do grunt, the volume is nowhere near that of the williams sisters or sharapova.  take from that what you will.

personally i would bet the williams sisters do it more to release energy and intimidate.  they are very emotional and competitive players, but i would have a hard time calling them cheaters.  not sure about sharapova, but i do think she can be a little sneaky sometimes.  she's been accused a few times of being coached on the court (which is illegal in tennis), so grunting to throw off an opponent doesn't seem too far fetched to me.  that's just my opinion though.

eta: i think we can all agree that *this* is ridiculous:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gs6wtjexyg&amp;fmt=18
well, the [rules i found](http://www.usta.com/aboutus/rules.aspx) governing hindrance at the usta are exceptionally vague:

&gt;if a player is hindered in playing the point by a deliberate act of the opponent(s), the player shall win the point.
here is a video of navratilova speaking.  she also had some other suggestions.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygirzyocpoy&amp;fmt=18

bubb rubb: ***woo woo!***
the bird is not resting, it's definitely dead from a throw by jacques rudolph at a twenty20 match between yorkshire and lancashire at headingley
yeah, but he was pitching against 12 year olds.
wow, that video *is* ridiculous. i wouldn't even want to watch that, and to some degree it ruins the game for fans (in the stadium and on tv) because you lose the sounds of tennis. they seem to just be trying to outdo each other, which the crowd seems to pick up on and laugh about.

i don't think she means it to be only applicable to women. i think the point is that it is very common in the women's game. see the video of williams/sharapova and other analysis in this thread about how players like nadal do grunt but only on exceptionally hard hits.
my breakdown in response to your post...

1.  if it is not against the written, agreed upon rules it can not be cheating.
2.  i don't think intention matters in terms of cheating, but it does in terms of the motivation to make the noise.  obviously i'm going to be ticked if i know the person is doing it to me.  only because it's legal and...
3.  it works.  martina was upset at her ability to play seles, and while the new reason may have been valid, she was being beat within the rules of the game.
4.  grunting is generally caused by the forceful release of air during muscular contraction.  lift a heavy object off the ground and you might find yourself grunting to get it up.  hold your breath and your muscles tense, releasing that tension, which aids in the lifting, causes the held in air to be forcefully expelled.  speech = waves of pressurized air, we hear a grunt.  sprinting to a side of the court, cleanly transferring your momentum to stop, and then applying force against the ball in the opposite direction is a difficult movement.  you obviously aren't required to grunt, but it helps feel like you're controlling the energy.  the grunt is almost you shooting the energy from your body weight back the other direction.
6.  audience:  you're loud and it's annoying.  tennis player:  you're watching me, deal with it or gtfo.


here's an oldarticle in sports illustrated about subtle pseudo-cheating methods employed by tennis players: http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2007/writers/jon_wertheim/07/06/cheating.tennis/index.html
i could go to a pens message board, but it's funner to hear both sides.
it'd work for their agenda, so i don't see why they wouldn't like it.
i freely admit to being a cubs fan, and i have to say that i don't think he's a lock for the hall.  in fact, i hope he doesn't get in.
his arm will be blown out by 15 :(
don't got your hopes up.we just wanted to win the cup at home game 5 this year.

baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
i guess it really comes down to your interpretation of the hindrance rule. 

"if a player is hindered in playing a point by a deliberate act of the opponent, the player shall win the point."
and he is probably really 14 years old.
getting rid of the age restriction would help everyone except the players association (made up of veteran players) and the owners.

i hope they do get rid of it, but i'm not holding my breath.
i'll be at a bar watching the game...go pens!
no thanks.
the nba doesn't want it because currently they get to use the ncaa as a free minor league system that players are basically forced to go to, and the players don't want it because it's less competition for them.

it's not going to happen until congress or another external force steps in.
bingo.  hiding the pitch has been around since the beginning of the game.  this on the other hand is pretty recent in the sports history (a couple decades?).
i honestly don't see how those painfully obnoxious squawks charge anyone up.  i can't watch women's tennis because their screams make me cringe.

how can this garbage help ratings?  it just seems unnatural.
return?  so meatspin has been down?
except they dont fucking scream for 3 seconds after throwing the ball in a high pitched voice
it's ok pens fans, bettman will let you play with 7 men on the ice for another :30 again this game.
it's in the rules but it's open to abuse

hinderance rule. a player can definitely object to it, but then it wouldn't be popular with the crowd
and once again, why don't men grunt during tennis matches? surely by now they would have realised that? 
have you watched womens tennis lately? it's not just a grunt, it's a " hhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeuuuuuuaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

some of the are still screaming when the ball hits other side of court. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gs6wtjexyg&amp;fmt=18

you can hear commentators laughing at sharapova and her shrieking
you also gotta wonder if this is to go after calipari for leaving memphis and taking his one and done players elsewhere.

i have a feeling if cal wasn't at uk then this congressman wouldn't be pushing this at all.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gs6wtjexyg&amp;fmt=18
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gs6wtjexyg&amp;fmt=18
that aint no fucking grunting.even commentators laughing at sharapova's shrieking

and de brito - she grunts half a second after hitting the ball, listen to sync on raquet hitting the ball and her scream
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jiw2ogetie

here is another sharapova clip
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbl2os81nis&amp;feature=related

is she grunting or singing? crowd laughing at her.
i don't have a strong opinion on the age restriction, but i think the congressman should spend his time on things that are important to the well being of the country instead of sports minutia.
it's ok wings fans, all of your players can cover the puck in the crease.
omg, larcher de brito is [insane](http://izismile.com/2009/06/04/svetlana_kuznetsova_makes_weird_sounds_when_she_plays_tennis_1_5_mb.html). check it out.
&gt; when asked how long he will remember this achievement, he told news10, "forever."

what the fuck kind of question is that?
is that a whaaaaaaaaaaaaaa? go cry to your momma the hockeytown express is gonna roll over you brother.
hahaha, i *love* how you all get to complain about 6 on the ice for 20 seconds (which i agree is a penalty) but i can't bring up an obvious offense by the wings. you all crack me up.
a sampling...  please submit similar galleries!
hehehe  just say no to crack
weed is much better.

stop whining aboot the wings eh or ill send god (steve yzerman)up there  to smack ya around a bit.
regardless of that point, the shrieking is and has always been illegal. they just don't have the fucking balls to enforce it. when that fat cow serena shrieks on a drop shot, slice, or weak groundstroke it gets me furious (when i'm forced to watch women's tennis). then she plays a point at her highest level, absolutely killing the ball and making amazing gets... silently. it's ridiculous. some of the men are pretty bad too.

it would be difficult and subjective to enforce though.
hahahaha. that was pretty funny. i now upvote thee to end this fight.
haha, oh wow, if you listen to that without the image you'd think it is a video of someone playing mortal kombat while sitting on a cat.

if you want grunting banned after watching this, you're crazy.
and i upvote you mr lebowski.

long live don cherry!
copypasta a wiki article and call it journalism.

brilliant.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ten_cent_beer_night
his public image took a bigger hit.

take your go home and ball.
a lawsuit would accomplish more than anything.

these 1 and done kids should ban together.  the ncaa sucks compared to the nba if you have talent.  

hank gathers would have likely not died had he had an nba medical staff to oversee his health.  

it's a pro outfit versus an amateur one.  even in the d-league they're better off.



maybe they should have testing to get in the hof.  
a trick one.
i agree with you.  that was the first time i have ever seen him do something like that
  aaahh...the 70s..reminds me of about 10 concerts...
u must be new to deadspin.com
lol that nike contract out of high school alone would allow him to snub the media every day for the next 10 years.
he'll have 350 by the time he's 50. that's only 10 wins a year he needs at this point. 
great accomplishment. never liked the guy though. 
no.  it wears thin and panders too much.

ksk is original at least.  
the peter king translations are gold.  the mockery of yinzers, the gifs, favre rants etc. are worthy of more exposure to say the least. 
i don't understand why anyone cares about it. if anything it gives him a badass attitude not seen in the league in years. the media and fans are too sensitive.
did he key your car?
are you kidding? clemens is like a buffalo -- the connection with him and steroids isn't hard to see. johnson is like a giraffe and is one of the last players i'd ever expect to be juicing.
i can't remember who it was, but in one of the more recent grand slams, one of the players was caught on camera checking his/her cellphone in their bag.  the overall consensus from the commentators was that they were probably receiving texts from their coach.

conversely, you have a guy like federer who plays without a coach whatsoever most of the time.
i look forward to telling my grandkids about the big unit. easily one of the greatest pitchers of the last twenty years and one of the best lefties of all time. 
maybe he pulverized his bird
while he doesn't fit the profile of your typical juicer, people close to baseball have estimated 60% of all baseball players at least tried some ped's while playing. it's hard to be surprised by any names coming out, but if the unit's name was tied to ped's i wouldn't be shocked. 
i've read numerous articles about him being a dick to fans, media, and teammates.
you're right.  it worked for rodman.
he could literally buy and sell factories of children where his nikes are made.  maybe he just realized that and got the madsies.
in the sports illustrated article about him last week he said that if he were to be tested now he'd come up clean.  he said that in the past he may have taken something that eventually got banned but he couldn't say for sure. 
aaaaand here come the "no one will ever get 300 wins again" arguments.

in all seriousness though, any pitchers stand out in your mind as a threat for 300? i can't think of any guys over 30 who are within a stone's throw, unless i'm missing someone. felix is about the only name to really pop out.
we've heard this before from other athletes. it's a tell tale sign then he was definitely on something, and probably for awhile. i've begun to have little issue with this though as it seems like most players did use so it's ok. as long as you're not hitting 74 home runs when you averaged 30 then i can look past it.

any players that get caught with it today are inexcusable.
and he didn't have half the offensive game lebron does.
hey congress, stop meddling and get back to work!
kobe had his [war face](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6vhor8lztg) on tonight.
it is a remarkably horrible face that he makes, but i'll take it.  go lakers.
enjoy the non-blogspam version of this headline.
i'm glad to know he will be the last.  way to go, randy!

/former left-handed pitcher
they go to zimbabwe.
vote: dwight. i'm sick and tired of lebron and kobe. kobe's gonna get the title and mvp, but i'm sick of him.
it's actually standard for the top scoring/best player to score a lot higher than his teammates primarily because if he is scoring, no one else can.
lard stanley?
he was ridiculous in the third quarter.  anything he threw up seemed to go in.

here's to hoping kobe can keep his team as motivated for the next three!
kobe went crazy in the 3rd quarter. he's on top of his game right now. 

i hope this series is more excited though.
tl;dr ???

best part:

&gt; before he hits, harper lays his bat down in the batter's box, takes two steps toward the pitcher, bends over, scoops up dirt in his bare hands (batting gloves? hah!), rubs it between his palms and then returns to grab his bat and take his place in the box.  "he's got this thing for dirt," sheri says. it looks like an act of defiance, a marking of territory—in this case, home plate—as his alone.  

***edit*** - 4th page.
sad thing is...  you never hear any commentators compare any current players to rodman because no one has ever been as good at rebounding as him since him.
depends on the club. some donate them to homeless shelters or charities. others just throw them out. 
i can only help you if you are a steelers fan.  anything else doesn't matter to me.  i can only send you to espn.com and 'thuh google.'

i lurk stillers.com and steelreign.org

full of steelers-related links and commentary.

good luck. =)
it's not too often that the lakers win big when kobe goes off offensively, but the game was completely one sided after half time.
i don't know who this guy is.  i stopped watching basketball (assumed correct sport from other comments) when they stopped enforcing the palming and travelling rules.

meh, some sports star gets a commercial... wow, that is newsworthy.

/downvotes in 3... 2...
the 8 rebounds and 8 assists is why this one was a blowout.  quite a line for kobe tonight.
i wasn't *really* asking a question. the link answers the question.
he was 24 higher than anyone on either team. meaning orlando fucking blew it.



edit: holy crap. dwight howard made a single field goal the whole game.
uh... but didn't the patriots cheat?

steroids anyone?

steelers.  hands down.  

fact:  they have the 3rd best winning percentage since 2000.  new england (1st) and indianapolis (2nd) have better percentages.

fact:  they are the only other team (than the patriots) to win multiple super bowls this decade.

fact:  they are have the best ownership in the nfl.  very classy and respectable organization.

fact:  the indianapolis colts are 1 super bowl season away from taking it away from both of them by my logic.

this has been brought to you by a steelers fan deep in cowboys country.  you may now return to your regularly scheduled redditing.
moan-ica seles?
johnson has a couple of 24 year old teammates that have a shot, cain and lincecum. too bad they're on a team that is dead last in almost every offensive category. i think justin verlander has a shot, mark buhrle, roy halladay. and one that might sound ridiculous: andy pettitte, he's only 36 with 219 wins, definitely possible.
[reference](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpxegkper90&amp;feature=related)

this was in a spring training game when he was pitching against the giants.
there seemed to be a tag team of people downvoting every comment in this thread. when i got here, every comment was either 0 or -1. seriously, /r/sports, stop being douches.
magic are still in it, superman will return
[sportsfilter](http://www.sportsfilter.com/) is good for well-put-together links in the style of metafilter. it could do with some more comments but there's a solid core of posters there that make the site enjoyable.
www.mlbtraderumors.com for baseball rumors.  other than that, i use texas ranger insider jamey newberg's www.newbergreport.com
no, it was a blow out because sasha barely got any playing time tonight.

let's keep it that way, phil.
there is a reason why there is an age limit


it's so those players get an education - not all of them will become stars that never need to work after that. so having an education will give them necessary skills for life outside of basketball. 

there is a good times article somewhere on the web about this issue.
do you mean by the title that kobe scored 24 more points than the top scorer on the opposing team?
second only to the river catching fire in low cleveland moments.
i was really impressed with the lakers when the game started. they came in with an intensity i haven't seen from them in several years. these guys are dead serious about this finals.
the magic are no pushovers though.
really, when andrew bynum scores 3 field goals for the night and that's still 2 more than dwight howard, you know they just had an off night.

i expect the rest of the games to be close.
that stat they kept bringing up in the postgame about phil being 43-0 in playoff series where he wins the first game, i remember the last time they talked about it i was disappointed too...

magic need to win game two, howard needs to show up and put bynum in his place... on the bench with foul trouble, also hedo and lewis need to show up on the d, and if fisher shows up every game like he did in that first half, it's gonna be a quick series...

rootin for the magic, bettin on the lakers
edit: and stan van gundy looked like a deer in headlights today
glad to see howard get an endorsement but that vitamin water is really crap. all it is, is water **loaded** with sugar. they should have candy-lovin' odom endorse it.

who wants vitamins in their water? should the amount of vitamins you ingest be based on how thirsty you are or how hot it is??

maybe howard's problem last night was that he started drinking that stuff?
the sg you love to hate.

i wonder if shaq is watching the finals?
gasol from the lakers had 16. he was the second leading scorer in the game.
it shouldn't count -- he got it against the nats.  that's like beating a high school team.
lard? 

this all of a sudden got *real* interesting. 
all without the aid of steroids ..(hopefully). are him and ken griffy jr. the only stand up people in baseball?
diehard bears fan checking in here, we're all embarrassed by that guy.  
frank thomas is clean, i don't think he's with a team right now though.
realgm.com covers all sports. 
is that the face he also makes when he gets into really tight spots?  i imagine there are a few girls around the country that have seen that face before, unwillingly...
i mean, didn't he have a hat or a jersey or a program? something! and i have tats, but come on.
pats fan with helmet tattooed on his head still beats this guy for sheer wtfness

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8gumii5uuw
all i have got to say about that is knicks 2010!!!! basketball will be taken over!
1 basket...
söderling was up two sets to love.  gonzalez claws his way back.  wins next two sets.  then, goes up a break in the fifth.  what does söderling do?  does he admit defeat?

no. breaks once.  breaks twice.  serves out the match.  

he now awaits the winner of the federer-del potro match.
you've made my day.
it is unreal. gonzo is so freaking ridiculous. up 4-1 in the freaking fifth set and then chokes it away. 

as a huge rafa fan, it is really pinching me that soderling is in the final. on one hand, it's great that the swede is in the final but on the other hand, i am freaking out that he will win the entire thing. i mean, the guy who beats rafa wins roland garros. bizarre!

and if he beats federer, add insult to injury.
wow, hadn't heard of her before.  as crazy as it sounds, she's even harder on the ears than sharapova.

title of the vid is wrong though.  kuznetsova is the quiet one in that rally.

and for reference for others who have never heard of her, larcher de brito is ranked 132 at 16 years old.

http://www.sonyericssonwtatour.com/page/player/info/0,,12781~14089,00.html
those who want a animated gif of gonzalez little stunt, [here you go](http://data.fuskbugg.se/skalman01/comp%201.gif)

 

*kom igen robin kom igen!*
deadspin.com is awesome.

the comments used to suck, but apparently theyve purged the site of the idiots so there should start to be better discussion below posts.

it's owned by gawker media so it's got that same snarky tone to it.
that is what is so dumb about the nba, you get fined for everything.  if i'm pissed i don't want to talk to people, why should i be fined for that?  it's stupid.  sports are supposed to be for tough guys who can play through pain and punch people in the face, that should be the sports image, not people in suits who can't choose whether or not they want to talk to the media.
what a crazy f***
would lebron actually be better off in ny? they were 32-50 last year. is lebron going to give them 30 more wins on his own?
or before him.  when russell and wilt were pulling 20+ a game there were many many more fgas per game.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_g4oplpvwu
maybe this will help you get the joke.
a quick writeup: http://www.essentialtennis.com/tournews/2009/06/day-13-at-french-soderling-vs-gonzalez.html
putting the hats on display like the blue jackets are doing is a great idea.
http://mlb.mlb.com/stats/historical/player_stats.jsp?stattype=2&amp;timeframe=3&amp;timesubframe2=1&amp;sortbystat=w&amp;baseballscope=mlb&amp;timesubframe=1 active pitchers sorted by wins

you are absolutely correct. like the guy below said, maybe andy pettitte, but he's definitely fallen off his game. 

thing is pitchers many moons ago used to pitch a lot more often than pitchers do now, so they got more starts - and more wins. when you think about it though, in the history of baseball, only ~20 pitchers have garnered 300 or more wins. a pretty elite club.
he is just a private person.
guardian is by far the best if you like football (soccer).  
it's terrible
i don't think pettitte is possible. i've gotten the vibes that he's set to retire in the next year or two, probably in this offseason.

the others? who knows? that's what's great about the game. you've got the jamie moyers of the world who just pile the wins on late in the career (he didn't get started in the majors until what? 26? 28? something like that). i don't think you can really begin guessing until they hit the 250ish mark.
[hoopshype.com](http://hoopshype.com) has a good rumor roundup
our coach's wife is hotter than your coach's wife. 
naw dawg.  it deeper than that.  it's about tex winter's legacy.  no one wants to see phil or kobe or michael win w/o tex.
i called it.  :)

or i ways part of the masses of nobody who did.



virgin.
*paging snl*
stan van gundy sounded more like a lakers fan after the game than a magic coach. he was completely impressed with how they played. he even said that there was "nothing to like from my team."
first of all, superman was shaq o'neal.  secondly, dwight howard is not a competitor.  he's just freakishly talented.  he's like a 16 year old boy in a gigantic man's body.  i hope i never have to see him grinning like an idiot or pouting like a fairy more than 3 more games for the rest of this season.

[stupid starry-eyed grin] "yo, i'm juss out here to have some fun tonight, praise god, y'all!~~^-^"
wait a minute, the lakers outscored the magic 31 to 19 in the 2nd quarter.  this game was over before it started.
"lakers and kobe are teh gay.  downvote."
zubaz ftw!!
out of purely idiotic nationalism, i hope he *does* beat federer to keep sampras' record intact.

and beyond that, it would be kind of nice to see the two most dominant players in the game taken down a peg.  i kind of like it when the game is in disarray, and really, we're never going to see another match between the two as amazing as last year's wimbledon anyway, so maybe it's time for some fresh blood.
silly.  reminds of a radio dj throwing up a song for promotion.
a week ago
thanks!

as an alternative, rolandgarros.com does a great job with the live streaming radio.

http://www.rolandgarros.com/en_fr/multimedia/radio/index.html

one of the buttons on the right also leads to a page with live scoring.
hate crime? i'm not defending the guy but he clearly just lost it and threw something at some kids who he thought were ruining his day by holding up traffic. 
i am not american but even i want federer to lose to keep sampras' record intact. if he wins french open, he will be rated much higher of sampras, and no sampras fan would like that!
i figured you could figure it out.

writing headlines is trying to cram shit into a small space.
in general people who have amazing runs in grand slams (gonzo and baghdatis in aus open, murray in us open etc) crumble when they meet federer in the final. i hope its not the case this time, because i don't want federer to win this time (and i know my post will be down voted for this very comment!).

potro has a chance to eliminate federer in the semi (4th set in action right now).
cool analysis. i'm amazed more teams don't run this.
hoops 102: non-triangle offense. 54 titles, possible 55 by using it.
tanks!!
sometimes a team is not the sum of its individual parts.  lebron could synergize with any one of these guys, especially stephen curry (who is expected to be picked up by the knicks in the first round).
i dunno, at first i was appalled and sad that soderling of all people had ended rafa's incredible run. but now that i've been watching robin play for a few matches, i'm excited that we may have yet another young star in the tennis world. he's playing great and keeping his habitual jerkiness hidden away. i wouldn't mind seeing him win rg.

anyone but federer - i just want the atp to turn the page already. 
he's pondering ass taste.  and also how to get back on the lakers for a made for espn reunion.
it's not so much federer as the weight of the situation. roger's been lucky like that several times.
i missed the fifth set as i had to work. after the first two i thought robin had it in the bag, he was playing so well. nice to see that gonzo made a match of it.

let's hope robin can keep it up in the final...
snowflex is that irish slang for something? kind of like pissflaps?
this whole damn roland garros is confusing the hell out of me. i haven't followed soderling enough to be a fan of him and he beat rafa. but he's come across as not such a bad guy this tournament (figures!). 

and i'm not a big fan of federer but i did want him to win rg the last couple years (though of course, i'm happy rafa won all those times!). i kind of just want del potro to win this semi so i can have no opinion on sunday.

i just throw my hands and give up on this french open.
the article states that he yelled at them using a derogatory term referencing sexual orientation. meaning he probably yelled something like "get out of the road you faggot" and then threw a metal bolt at them.

now imagine if he yelled "get out of the road you niggers." and then threw a bolt at them. would you call that a hate crime?

this is all speculation, because we don't know what the derogatory term was that he used, but i'd wager it was something along the line of faggot. if that is the case, then yes it is a hate crime, technically speaking.

if he only yelled something like "get out of my way asshole!" then they wouldn't tack on a hate crime charge.

this is going to be a snoring finals.
wtf is a hat trick in basketball?
i don't think soderling will crumble in the final. he's been incredibly mentally tough (against gonzo today) and he doesn't look like the type that will kiss roger's arse and be intimidated. 

for some reason, my mind is slowly changing and i would not mind soderling winning the title come sunday now...
that's like saying all non-"winningest coach in sport a" have more wins than the winningest coach in sport a.

the triangle offense is one of the single most effective offensive strategies in basketball.  you don't have to use it (as you point out) to win, but what other single strategy are you going to employ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dick_ebersol

dick ebersol- the man who ruined televised sports in the u.s.
i don't think he was "lucky" to have been on top of the tennis world for a few years!
i fail to see any humor... perhaps you don't realize that that a major corporation (coke) is using your mindless idolization of an entertainer (you probably think of him/them more as an athlete) to convince you to associate your own identity with their product.

so, are you intimating that because one entertainer said that hes 'da bomb' and also uses vitamin water, that it is somehow comical that some other entertainer said that the first entertainer is, in fact, not 'da bomb' but rather that he himself is 'da bomb'... and coincidentally that he also consumes the aforementioned product?


hahahahahahaaaa....

i think the jokes on you dude, now go buy the product like you were told to.
&gt;all it is, is water **loaded** with *high fructose corn syrup*.

fixt
during johnny damon first season with the yankees, there was a big game on a particular day and johnson was pitching. before the team went out to the field, damon stood in the middle of the clubhouse and said something along the lines of, “let’s go get ‘em, boys!” and johnson promptly told johnny in particularly obscene language to sit down and shut up.
nobody knew what to say. then again, nobody knew what to say to johnson during his two years in new york. he barely spoke to his catchers. even nicest guy in the world john flaherty had words with him.
except for the monfils match, federer has been struggling to get to the finals.  this is his second five setter.  he had never dropped a set to the fifth ranked player in the world, but del potro had been playing great tennis to reach the semifinals.

can federer handle the giant killer, soderling?
lol. not at all. it's a brand of fake snow. it's a ski/snowboard surface.
roger is the loat (luckiest of all time). not saying he's not a great player, but being great and being lucky aren't mutually exclusive.
well, i think that the fact that he's been reining in his jerkiness is part of the reason why he's playing so well. his weaknesses have always been mental. he lets great shots by his opponents, unlucky bounces, questionable line calls get to him. he appears to have that under control in this tournament.
i don't think losing a few sets to the 5th ranked player in the world should be any cause for worry.  

federer has only played 2 more sets this whole tournament than soderling, so i doubt fatigue is going to be a factor.  what will be a factor is that grand slam finals are a standard affair for federer, while soderling has never reached one before.  
and what makes you say that?
the lakers barely run the triangle anymore.  its all pick n roll.
really, worse than hitler?
because the tennis gods love roger federer. every time there is some kind unexpected twist in a tournament, bad weather, scheduling snafus, draws opening up it almost invariable benefits roger. this tournament is an encapsulation of his good fortune: in one of the worst stretches of his career, trying to win the one major that has eluded him with diminishing skills, with the other top three players routinely beating him, number one and number 4 (probably the most consistent clay courters on the tour right now) both lose early in the tournament in freakish upsets; the number 3 also loses before the final. roger is something like 40-1 against the remaining field in the qfs. now he'll play a final against a player he is 9-0 against. none of this sounds lucky to you?


the tennis gods love roger federer.
they don't run it all the time.  

it's probably more effective in man to man defenses which are not mandated by the nba.  

ask jordan.
nbc screws us tennis fans...both of them are pissed
so the hate crime was committed against gays? forgive me,i just find thought crimes confusing.
is it just me or is dwight howard on a record-setting pace for most goaltending calls in a playoffs?
picture to caption on boreme
even the best offensive plans become ineffective if you never mix it up.


except apparently for orlando and the pick/roll/shoot a three thing. that carried them through cleveland.
didn't the suns initially draft deng?

meaning heres how it goes for the suns

"we trade our players with a lot of potential, then later on trade our all stars to get them back"


the suns and the mavericks are the worst managed teams in the league, who make horrible ass trades all the time.
i'm going to state this in as simple terms as i can, because you don't seem to understand. we're going to assume he called the special olympics kid a "faggot" just for sake of argument.

even if this guy didn't hate homosexuals; because he presumably yelled "get out of the road faggot" then assaulted the person,  it is a hate crime. even if he doesn't know if the person is gay or even cares. the fact that he called them a faggot is what makes it a hate crime. if he just yelled "get out of the road" and assaulted the person it is not a hate crime. calling them a faggot is what makes it a hate crime.

in the same scenario, if everyone running was white, and he yelled "get out of the road nigger" then assaulted the person, even though there were no black people around, it is still a hate crime. calling them a nigger then assaulting them is what makes it a hate crime. even though he didn't assault a black person, he still committed a hate crime.

just because he didn't assault an actual gay person, doesn't mean it is not a hate crime.

how do you not get this?
&gt;"get out of my way asshole!"

but then doesn't he just hate assholes? exactly who gets to decide which groups are protected by 'hate' laws? i really doubt there could ever be a fair or impartial way to judge that kind of thing.  

everyone can be arbitrary defined as part of a group based on some aspect of their physical self, background, personality, etc. and for every group that can be defined, there almost certainly exists someone with a bias or hatred towards that group.

the guy was rightly arrested and should be charged with assault, but tacking on an arbitrary hate crime offense does little to discourage the act and is an affront to free speech.
ok game 7 so we can win it at home.lol
bettmans loving this.
game 7 of the finals is the best hockey there is.
old time hockey eh coach?
that's not a goalie.

that's a keeper.
&gt;what other single strategy are you going to employ?

any one with jordan &amp; pippen or kobe &amp; shaq or kobe &amp; gasol.

my dad has a saying that goes "its not the x's and o's, its the jimmies and joes."
that's a cute saying, but it's obviously a bit of both.
i just don't understand how saying certain words is a crime. who get's to decide which words we can't say? 
i've read the rules to cricket a few times and still have no clue how the game works.
if he had just rolled up and yelled "get out of the road faggot" he wouldn't have been arrested. 

just like if someone sees a black person and yells "get out of the way nigger" they haven't committed a hate crime. now if they yell get out of my way nigger" and then punch the person, it is a hate crime.

the hate crime part comes into play because he yelled it while committing assault. 

he wasn't arrested for yelling at the special olympic kids, he was arrested for assaulting them.
on a happier note, the trip to sportsbybrooks.com reminded me to google for denise milani pics.
tickets for next friday afternoon's cubs vs twins game start at $45 and go up to several hundred dollars.  

my local ballpark will continue to miss me.
nowhere close to that pole
lol alittle jealous are we?  what, did you fail to make the junior varsity basketball team or something?  you really crack me up.  just 'cause you don't have the athleticism to dribble a basketball or jump more than an inch doesn't mean you should hate on people who can.   
&gt; because the tennis gods love roger federer. every time there is some kind unexpected twist in a tournament, bad weather, scheduling snafus, draws opening up it almost invariable benefits roger. 

i don't think so. the draws are simply based on the seeding. if bad weather stopped the match he was losing and he came back later to win, that can be considered lucky, but i haven't seen that happening as often as you are suggesting in your post.

&gt; this tournament is an encapsulation of his good fortune: in one of the worst stretches of his career, trying to win the one major that has eluded him with diminishing skills, with the other top three players routinely beating him, number one and number 4 (probably the most consistent clay courters on the tour right now) both lose early in the tournament in freakish upsets; the number 3 also loses before the final. roger is something like 40-1 against the remaining field in the qfs. now he'll play a final against a player he is 9-0 against. none of this sounds lucky to you?

federer has been in the final of every major tournament and nadal is the only one keeping him away from grand slams. in the last couple of years he wasn't as good as he was before the nadal era, but still he lost to djokovic and murray only occasionally. now if these players lose to weaker players and you say that federer is lucky, you should also consider the fact that these "giant killers" don't have upset wins against federer. why is that? is he lucky or is he good? moreover, he was in the finals of the last 3 french open (besides others) and i don't think these players (other than nadal) would have been able to stop him anyways!
he is lucky considering nadal is out now but he has a much better record against all other players and their losing in the early rounds shouldn't label federer lucky.
do you remember the encounter between nadal and soderling at wimbledon some time back? soderling was leading 2-1 and he imitated nadal and there was a big controversy over that. later bad weather interrupted the match and the match was played over 3-4 days. finally nadal won. this time when soderling won, he was clearly playing better than nadal. he wasn't lucky and he proved that in the matches to come beating davydanko with unbelievable ease. and then gonzo was eliminated in a good match.

&gt; the tennis gods love roger federer.

he is lovable ;) i think its hard for you to accept that federer is this good! i like sampras and nadal more than federer and i hope soderling beats federer in the final. but if federer wins, it will be his game and not his luck that got him there.
it's kinda like reddit in it's hayday...smart people are needed to make it work.  the only difference is, in the nba, the average ball player is exponentially more athletic than the average redditor
the biggest hurdle about running this type of offense is the need for a bunch of players who are not only supreme athletes but also have high basketball iq as well as general intelligence.

this system of action/reaction truly challenges the thinking and implores the players to think steps ahead of the competition.  while it won't always work, it gets them closer.

this is why basketball, for that matter, all sports, is beautiful.  the mismatches the battles, the mind games.  it's all fun!
i wish i had made mlbtraderumors years ago. it's great during the offseason but i haven't checked in awhile. the si.com truth and rumors page is pretty sweet and i follow jon heyman's twitter for sporadic updates. check it out.
more proof moron- http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2009/writers/tim_marchman/06/04/joba.chamberlain/index.html
saturn isn't penske material.
you are aware...
wow you need to relax. i never said i was going to run out and buy vitamin water simply because dwight howard is in their new comercial. i was just letting you know that the commercial is humorous because vitamin water had another commercial in which people were arguing who the best player in the nba is. they ignored dwight and now that lebron is out of the playoffs, they are basically making fun of themselves with this commercial.
ur caps are on btw
obviously to you.

phil jackson's talent is in getting great players to co-exist and play together.

look at the quality of the teams he coached and realize they would have won whether they used the triangle offense or the [dodecahedron](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dodecahedron) offense.
the man...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tex_winter
i have the "athleticism" to knock your teeth down your throat with a cross check, concuss your empty head with an elbow along the boards or blow your knee out with a slash to the leg; all within the rules.  

basketball doesn't have shit on hockey.  welcome to reddit, troll.  i expect your stay will be short.  keep beginning all your posts with "lol", that way we know just how retarded and stupid you are.
that's a shame. 
same. no wonder so many seats are empty at all the  ballparks. we go to the spring training games because it's very cheap and it accomplishes the same exact goal. 
not talking to the media - night in the box

wearing the wrong shoes - night in the box

wearing the wrong hat - night in the box
i love watching beautiful plays that take the full 24 seconds just as much as i like breakaway slam dunks.
i second that emotion.
if he had called them 'fucking retards' and assaulted them, that would be a hate crime.  what makes something a hate crime is the motivation behind the act.  the victim is targeted expressly for their being a part of a certain group.
heh, i'll never forget in 7th grade when i was on the basketball team, our coach was trying to explain the triangles offense demonstrating all the ways on a court to use 3 players, and a friend and i both look to each other, thinking, "ummm, aren't any 3 points going to form a triangle(unless they're on a line)".  we both understood what our coach was saying, but i'll be damned it if wasn't a bad explanation.
or you can just give it to your star player, have him run in the lane, throw some elbows, get the call from the ref, and go for the and 1.
they should add whenever anyone says "play the full 48 minutes"
if you need any more proof that afl is the toughest sport in the world
, here it is .http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_axb33wsmik&amp;feature=related . and here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx2yxgk5zzw
umm... where are numbers 4 through 10?
on page 1 of the article (the submitter linked to page 2 by accident). [link](http://manofest.com/content/the-10-hottest-nba-finals-wags-of-all-time.html)
i am very upset by this.

i think that the round-robin is a superior way to determine a conference champion.  i think it is clearly better on its face than skipping a conference-mate every season and even superior to expansion coupled with a conference championship game.

adding cupcake out-of-conference opponents is nothing more than record-padding and should be roundly criticized.

and who's leading the charge to ditch round-robin?  my beloved alma mater.  damn it.

the realist in me understands that playing a full round-robin when no other conference does puts the pac10 at a disadvantage in a college football system that values perception and opinion more than play on the field, but damn it, there's a solution for that, too.  playoffs.

well dont agree with the article.... though indians are very strong team on papers but i think they are over rated...... pakistan will win the tournament for sure.......
yeah, i found it... thanks though :)
it's a shame the park is no longer jacobs field.
being a legally blind person, i can attest to the insane reactions you get from people just by appearing disabled.
right, this is only a symptom of the problem, the bcs.
bunch of twats hit ball with bat. eat sandwiches. 
i had barely seen soderling play before this year's french open; i like his tennis and attitude and will support him henceforth. 

as a long time federer fan though i'm a bit torn regarding the final. i think federer will win but with soderling's form i'm just not certain. i think the match will be physically harder to win than a nadal match considering soderling's serve, mentally however it is definitely easier. 
lets see dropped catches, missed run out opportunities, vastly under aggressive batting line up, loose bowling. yeah england are back.

australia might be crap right now but come the ashes they will still walk all over this sorry lot unless they start to actually, well, do the basics of cricket properly.
interesting news and articles on usa major league soccer
marian
that was pretty funny.  they seem to open up to him more than a reporter. 

i never forgave him for shazam.

edit: ...who am i kidding, i loved that movie.
ah dinara, why do you have such a hard time in the finals?  svetlana was hitting well, but dinara kept hitting deep.
i am sure michael jordan and kobe/shaq had nothing to do with it.
howard hasn't won anything yet
&gt; lost in that rap was the line, “that’s like kareem saying to himself that he’s better than me.” well, remember this: abdul-jabbar averaged 22 points and eight rebounds on a laker championship team when he was 37 years old. when i asked him how that lyric made him feel, abdul-jabbar said, “the gratuitous insult? i considered the source and i slept very well that night.”

+1 kareem.
not yet but you have to admit its inevitable . 
shaq at the cavs seems a good idea . 
he's 23 years old. shaq hadn't won anything at that age either. so what's your point?
[kazaam](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kazaam).  and my favorite shaq related product is the timeless classic [shaq-fu](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shaq_fu)
im really indifferent to howard, but i so rooted for him to take out clevland.  lebron james is everything that is destroying the nba.  the call fouls on him every time he gets touched, and travels most the time he gets the fouls.  his supposed star status makes for worse games, slower games, and increased reason to not watch the lebron show...oh i mean espn.
what does that have to do with anything?
true true, just didn't want to mention the 2nd quarter because it started pretty well for the magic.

jameer nelson came back after going 4 months not playing any professional basketball and he increased the magic's lead and either scored or assisted on the first four or so baskets.

then their offense got stagnant, got beat down on mismatches, but the real beating didn't start until the 2nd half.
that's the real enigma. there's lots of evidence out there that indicates when shaq isn't talking about other nba centers, he's quite a cool individual.
to be fair, soderling has never reached a quarterfinals of a gs event either, so getting to the finals has meant a series of milestones.  it says something to come down from 4-1 in the fifth to win 5 straight games and the match.

however, federer did look pretty good in the fifth.  del potro was lucky to have kept that fifth set close as fed had chances to break that set wide open with a second break.

i think hitting with del potro is actually good practice, because soderling is likely to hit with similar pace on serve and groundstrokes.

federer is a rhythm kind of player.  he's been having a hard time getting to a good start.  if he gets to a good start, it may be quick.
he kind of looks like bat boy.  you know, but black.
i wish the play-by-play, commentators, analysts and sportswriters covering kobe would stop making [this face](http://www.youtube.com/v/k6upr3odroy&amp;start=11&amp;autoplay=1).
they can't control themselves, they are only human. did you see game 1? kobe was just that good. america came a little bit. 
don't hold your breath. going by game 1 coverage they plan to celebrate that face as the "scowl of a determined champion" or something like that.
its the warrior face,

you love it, admit it
ed grimley!!!
http://mildstallion.files.wordpress.com/2009/01/ed_grimley.jpg
didn't even have to click the link to know what face he was talking about.
just like this: http://www.urukai.ch/resources/uploads/uruk-hai.jpg
i just wish i didn't have to see jack nicholson every 15 seconds when they play in la.
in my book, when you play the game as well as he does, you can make whatever face you want.
as inevitable as it was for barkley or ewing?
kobe is the black mamba, so really he is just trying to unhinge his jaw to swallow his opponents. 
i have seen soderling play before and i can say that he is like a man transformed. for onte thing, his attitude in the past was quite a bit less attractive than what we've seen at rg. 

i have been rooting for him against davydenko and gonzalez (even though i like gonzo) and i will be rooting for him against federer.
kobe stole this face from kevin garnett...
tim tebow is still king of the verbal blowjob.
really?..
what a douchebag. 
the kobe doesn't make that face... that face makes the kobe.
kareem was my center a few weeks back when everyone picked their all time team.

i didn't know shaq was behaving this way.  what a dick.
dirk nowitzki was the originator of that underbite scowl look.
you know you're screwed when he puts on his rape face.
oh right - i thought you meant [this face](http://img32.imageshack.us/img32/4269/20905603.jpg).
also known as his "rape face".
tell me about it... eye of the tiger!
yeah, seriously. i think he started this thing during game 3 of the nuggets series. have to say, its worked well for him, though (and i say this as lakers fan) it doesn't do anything for his already sullied image.
hahahahaha i clicked on this and really hoped it was the "i'm kobe, and i hate all the foreign guys on my team, so i'm going to stick out my lower jaw every time i make a basket or when the refs refuse to call fouls for me" face.

i'm so glad it was what i was hoping for.
http://i44.tinypic.com/6zwsxt.jpg
sparrrtaaaa! 
you'll remember they had a couple of players named jordan and bird to come up against though. .
i was about to say the same thing but garnett seems to do it more with [his mouth closed](http://www.minnpost.com/client_files/alternate_images/547/mp_main_wide_kevin_garnett.jpg)
you're wrong. how many relievers have 4 above average pitches? none. the pitchers that do are starters because it takes a variety of pitches to successfully start major league games and that's what joba belongs doing. innings pitched by starters are more valuable than relievers because they last longer and hence get bigger contracts. you're argument is fundamentally wrong and you can't prove otherwise.
lebron made the exact same face after dunking it on the celts last year
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pya5u-lps8c
stop using tinypic!
ffw is not play
you make me feel like i have a life.
yes.  i'm sure no competitor in the history of spot had ever scowled in the heat of competition before dirk.
shaq is a whiny, hasbeen pussy.
very interesting article. it put in to words a lot of half-formed ideas i had about the differences between european and american basketball.
the college gameday crew should all report from their knees.
awesome this topic made it to reddit. i was discussing this with my friends and then heard about it in a bill simmons podcast. this face is ridiculous for a few reasons:

1. since when did kobe become alien or a badger after he makes shots. he was clearly thinking since the end of the season, "this is my year to prove i'm the best and don't need shaq. all i need now is a bad ass face for the commercials and i'm golden." http://asymptotia.com/wp-images/2008/03/alien_from_the_movie.png

2. it's such an unnatural face contortion. he had to have spent at least 25 minutes a day getting it down pat.

3. the nba "cares." so why does it's best remaining star need to look like a killer after he makes shots. just get back on d. i think he busts it out at the wrong time leading to its unnatural feeling.
i can only imagine how well that face went over in colorado. anyone know if it made the cover of the sports section?
the thing is, he's obviously doing it for the fucking cameras...i doubt he's really that angry after making a shot

its retarded
who the fuck is "him"?

learn how to write a headline.
thanks for the advice.  duly noted.

from wiki:
him is a rock band from finland formed in 1991 by vocalist ville valo, guitarist mikko lindström, and bassist mikko paananen.[1] they have released six full length albums to date. as of 2009, they are the only finnish band to have an album certified a "gold record" in the united states.

i'm still really happy (as a swede), as söderling said, federer is if not the best ever, certainly one of the best players through history and it was always going to be hard. now its just time to reload for wimbledon!
that's journalism.  you can't mesh recruits and the media.  espn was reporting on tennessee and some of their violations.  they showed a scene and then let it be known that the shots were in violation of recruiting rules.
goat!!!
soderling definitely had a great speech, and seems like a character.  i hope he does well in the future.  tennis needs another great swede! :)
that was an amusing joke. was it me, or did it seem like the crowd didn't react to it? it seemed like he was happy to make it that far, even if he didn't play his best.


that match was a display of complete dominance.  it seems like forever since he's been able pull a match like that together.  congrats roger!  finally!!! :)

sure it wasn't nadal in the final, but this tournament may have shown why federer can still be legitimately considered to be greatest of all time, even when he hardly seems able to beat a man in his own generation when it counts most.  it's federer's consistency that sets him apart from all the others.  nadal plays such an intense game, and it was only a matter of time before his body gave up on him, even if it may only for a short period of time.  most of the battle is just making it to the final.  federer did that while nadal failed.  he also just made his 20th consecutive semi-final appearance in a grand slam, and now has the career grand slam.  absolutely mind-boggling.
soderling looks like such a cold guy. it's nice to see his personality.
it sounded to me like they appreciated the joke ok, but their response might have been muted since the joke was told in english first, then translated after.
my plan decided to land when he was 2 games away.  i never got to see the end.  i asked the pilot to circle but to no avail.  oh well.
kind of puts a different light on the potential nba players who are starting to head to europe instead of the ncaa. 
this was actually the only exciting thing about the entire match...
you do realize that it was from last year right?
federer performed like the computer set to the highest ai and difficulty level that he is.

that match was fuckin boring.  i'll take a competition over a walkover.  

the federer goat blathering is wearing thin again.

it's a great sport to see up close and in person no matter who's playing.  
http://www.oddjack.com/2006/is-roger-federer-gay-02-02.php
he wasn't being conceited, he was asking "am i really the greatest?" only time will tell.  he knows this and really everyone else knows this, mostly due to the fact that rafa is still right behind him. 
you let other people have that discussion for you - you don't go out of your way to make it a talking point, no matter how much you might deserve it.
just confirmed in a pre-game interview... official announcement expected at 7:15pm est...
i was surprised to see it on tv. they even had replays. whenever there is a streaker at a baseball game, they usually switch the camera into the commentators booth to avoid giving the guy any attention.
i'm a vikings fan and i can't stand it.  if we end up signing him i'll root for him, but until that day i'm hating this.
i'm extremely happy to see roger win this one to truly complete his legacy, but it is clear that he isn't the player he was 2-3 years ago.  i would have much rather him have won this tournament when he was at his best, rather than now when he is maybe 80% of the player he once was.
i think it's a testament to how amazing he was, that he can win a grand slam on his weakest surface at a weakening point in his life of tennis.
oh i know it - i have a nordiques hat and a shirt. i'm kind of in love with defunct nhl teams and their logos. i'm a die hard blackhawk fan but i love hockey and i miss the nords.
1) how can a catcher make the calls for the pitcher, when pitcher knows what he throws best or what he's feeling at any particular moment?

2) how golf caddy can tell tiger what club to use? seems like golfer should know best.
in my opinion there are a lot of answers to your questions and none are to be considered exact or entirely correct but i believe:

-sometimes the catcher has more experience with a batter and knows his tendencies. a catcher generally knows scouting reports better since they work with batters every day and pitchers are limited to every few days work. plus, veteran pitchers often shake off their catchers if they have a feeling of what to throw.

-i would say both boil down to trust. the old adage is "2 heads are better than one" so the caddy or catcher's suggestion is just advice from one teammate to another.
i think i can answer both of these together:

it always helps to have a second brain working in your favor.  the caddy or catcher may help see something that the pitcher/golfer doesn't.

also, in baseball the catcher needs to have a good idea of the pitch that is coming in so he knows how to react.  for example, if the catcher didn't know that a pitcher was going to throw a breaking ball, he might be as easily fooled as the batter who swings and misses.
1) it would be pretty hard to prevent the batter from seeing the signals if the pitcher gave them to the catcher.  that's the primary reason.  also, the catcher plays the whole game and every day, so, often has a better read on each batter as he was there for the that batter's previous at bats.
 
2) caddies don't tell the player what club to use.  they'll typically tell the player the yardage, windspeed, layout of the green, etc.  the biggest part of their job is walking the course the day before the tournament and mapping it out, so they can provide good information on distances, elevations, sandtrap positions, etc.  they also know their player's game well and the player may ask their opinion, but it's always the player's call.
exactly.

not to mention the pitcher/golfer always has veto power. the catcher throwing out the signals is the only real way for a conversation to take place (if the pitcher did it, it would be far easier for the batter or other coaches to follow and decode). you often see the pitcher shaking his head in disapproval. the catcher then suggests another pitch.

for the golfer, so much mental energy goes into proper attitude for a proper swing, dealing with the stress of competition, etc., that having an expert mind saying, "you're 146 away, the pin is in the back and the wind is 5mph left to right. this is a full 8 iron. aim it at the left edge of the trap," takes a lot of the pressure off the golfer and allows the golfer's energy reserves to last longer. a 6 hour round is exhausting, especially when your mind is all on its own. additionally, the caddy is attuned to how the golfer is performing that day, so s/he may suggest a different club depending on how the golfer is playing that day. same goes for aim, risk, etc. it's like having a coach or assistant. of course the golfer has the ultimate authority and bears the ultimate responsibility, but it's gotta be pretty nice to have a second mind there at all times (except in the middle of your swing).
i just dont think la fans get it when it comes to basketball, and i think that they have the worst bandwagon fanbase there is. when i try to talk basketball with most "fans" they get pissed whenever i say something negative about their team, and rather than back up their team with actual facts they just say "youre gay" or something stupid like that. i know that the lakers are good, i dont particularly like them, but i dont really care about the maagic either (nor did i care about the nuggets). i just want to see some good basketball, and hear different points of view, and i also think its possible to argue without fighting, but with most laker fans its impossible to say something negative about their team without them getting all butt hurt about it. and i know that there are some real fans out there that really do know their shit, but cant even you concede that most "fans" just should not talk like they know whats what when they clearly dont?

btw the game still isnt over. it has nothing to do with the outcome of this game. it just got me thinking about it
as far a baseball, it isn't about what the pitcher throws best, it is all about knowing the stats and tendencies of the batter. since the pitcher is already occupied with mechanics and hitting the strike zone, the catcher is better equipped to be able to make the best decisions on what pitch is best based on the history of any particular batter. 
...what?
true dat.
he was great and hilarious.  
you can ask me anything you want.  i can't promise that i am very knowledgeable, but i have seen more than half the laker games this season, and a fair number of other games, too, though not too many magic games.  i probably won't call you gay since i don't know of you carrying out any homosexual activity or wanting to, nor do i think it would support or refute any point we make about basketball.  go lakers.

edit:  also, i think your impression of laker fans may have something to do with the conversations you join.  i have a terrible impression of celtics and cavaliers fans, but i'm sure that was influenced by the fact that i spent most of my time reading stories about their teams.  also, don't forget nuggets fans.  they mostly talk about kobe raping people.
yes, that was a great block and an even better job of getting the ball and calling time out.  good job hedo.  still glad the lakers won.  go lakers.
yup, he did. he didn't really make a scene though, so cheers to him.

jeers to lee, who biffed the lay-in at the end of regulation.
to be fair, it's a testament to the fact that nadal had already been knocked out more than anything else.  
haha. thats a good point about the nuggets fans. 

okay. so how do think this series is gonna play out?
don't basketball games typically have a combination of points totaling at least 130?

ok, save the updates until it means something or perhaps maybe the 3rd #$#$#$ period?!
oh brett.... i wouldn't believe it if i didn't know this would happen.
well, first, i don't place much importance on homecourt.  i think both teams have demonstrated an ability to win important games on the road.  the magic won game 7 in boston and came close to sweeping the cavs.  the lakers dominated the nuggets in game 6.  i was also very impressed with how the lakers beat the cavs in the regular season not too long after bynum went down.

second, it appears the lakers have figured out howard.  i'm more concerned about their shooters.  lewis was crazy today.  i don't think he'll be quite that good in the next few games, but alston might stop sucking and contribute.  overall i expect the next few games to be closer to game 2 than to game 1.

that being said, unless i come up with a compelling reason to pick against my lakers for any given game, i don't.  so i must say lakers in 4.
i thought so too.

sure, the behavior had a lot to be desired...  but man.  ricky henderson epitomized charisma in mlb.  what a character.  i wouldn't expect it from anyone else.  

i look forward to his hall of fame induction ceremony.

as far as federer goes...  i will have no problem calling him the greatest professional tennis player of all time when he gets one more major.  

it only makes sense.  nothing against sampras.  dude was baaaaad in his day, boy.
i feel like the universe is more ordered.
wow. that is pretty ridiculous. lakers played orlando well the first two games but you gotta realize a couple of things: first is that their shooting was not there especially the first game, the magic are bound to get hot soon, its just a mathematical certainty. orlando will loosen up and get over the fact that theyre in the finals once they get back home. and if you are a betting man i would bet on orlando to win the next game its a sure fire win for them. theres no way that they let this one get by them, theyre shooting will be there with their fans cheering them on. homecourt always plays a factor even if either team has the ability to win away, home court always makes a difference. always. from your first reply i thought you might actually know something about basketball, but i'm not so sure any more. "lakers in four" sounds like a mindless fan response. i would say that there is about a 15% chance that the lakers win the next game. the big game will be game 4. that will be the one that determines whether the lakers can keep the lead at 3-1 or orlando ties it up. tha'll be a really big game. lakers have been able to cut off the passing lanes to howard which has been pretty effective, and double and triple teaming him when he did get the ball, but the only reason this has been effective is because their shooters havent been on, so the magic werent able to make them pay for this, but like i said earlier theyre bound to get hot sooner or later. also: expect howard to have better game next time due to van gundy drawing up some ways to get him the ball more effectively. i dont think the magic have been playing up to their potential, i expect that to change
and don't forget djokovic, who was playing the best clay court tennis in his career and beating roger regularly.

i mean you can only beat who's in front of you, but roger is defintely lucky that he didn't have to overcome nadal or any of the other two top players to do so. i mean going into this tournament he was 14-0 with only one lost set against his opponents in the sf and f. 
dude, no need to get testy.  i think your analysis is good, but i don't think that orlando finding its shooting touch will guarantee them a victory in the next two games.  there is plenty that my lakers can do to improve their game, too, after all.  lamar can stop falling asleep on a few defensive assignments and remember to guard his man on the perimeter.  farmar can avoid putting up ill-advised shots when bynum is open under the basket.  kobe can have a better shooting night than tonight.  and bynum can get fewer stupid fouls... well, maybe he can't, but i can hope.  i'm sure phil will have something to say about all these things.

you may not want to hear it, but i don't think the magic have that much to gain from their own home crowd.  that is not to say that they won't play well, i just don't think they are the type of team that lets a crowd, home or away, affect them.  it is something i admire about the magic.  but i think it means they don't have a much higher gear in them.  they play well, very well, but are up against a better team.

i think dwight it getting plenty of touches.  he is even constantly improving when it come to passing out of the double team.  but the lakers are just that much better than other teams have been at recovering to defend the outside shot.  so even though the magic will shoot better than they did in game 1, i don't think they will approach the damage they did against cleveland.  they aren't shooting over mo williams and delonte west.  they have to shoot over ariza, odom and kobe.

as far as your knee-jerk reaction to my "lakers in 4" comment, that's fine.  it is understandable.  nobody who gets paid to do it ever predicts a sweep.  but we are already 2 games in.  i'm merely predicting a two game winning streak from this point it time.  that doesn't seem ludicrous to me.  besides (and here comes the admittedly cheap shot from me), until the magic win a single game in the finals, ever, i won't predict that they can or will.  lakers in 4.
i agree, what a fucking douche move.
youre right about one thing: the lakers are a better team, but the magic do have a higher gear. having their fans behind them will finally settle them down and allow them to settle into that. couple that with the typical laker complacency that they always settle into makes the next game an easy pick for me.

howard hasnt been getting the quality touches that they are looking for. if van gundy can do something about this it will have a bigger effect on the game than odom passing up two extra shots. even if the magics shooting does heat up they still need more production from howard. strong defense on kobe and howard tonight thus the low score.

as for this:

&gt;until the magic win a single game in the finals, ever, i won't predict that they can or will.

its a fallacious argument. it has nothing to do with this magic team this year. its essentially irrelevant. i think you already conceded this fact so i dont really get why you even said it, but yeah. lakers in 6. lakers win game 4 at orlando
that's the series count. la is up 2 games. :p
downmodded for spoiler in title.  and i don't mean on the thumbnail. :(
soderling was very nice and gracious, not the jerk the commentators were trying to make him out to be at all.

it was a pity soderling wasn't in full on blast-mode, because his forehand and serve, when they are on, look pretty amazing as we saw vs nadal and gonzalez.

all credit to federer though, his serve was working extremely well, probably the best it has been in a long while, and his backhand was on fire, having found a great rhythm after being blasted by every serve from del potro.  
loat means luckiest of all time!
no murray, no djokovic and especially no nadal in the final. instead he faced a gs final newbie, a guy he had beaten 9 straight times and who, of course, played way below the level he showed throughout the tournament.

a lot of lucky coincidences paved the way for roger's win. not his fault or anything, but it's hard to ignore that the tennis gods love roger federer.
maybe they changed basketball to be more like hockey.

/s
umm no duh?  that goes for about 95% of cities out there.  i still think it would be a better move if they went to either winnipeg or hartford.
i think maybe it's his poor english coming through, perhaps he meant something along the lines of: "people are asking if i am the greatest of all time? who knows..."
first off, let's not forget that federer beat a very formidable opponent in the semis in #5 seed juan del potro.

second, if murray was a better clay court player and if nadal and djokovic were as consistent as federer, then maybe they would have made it to the final.  apparently they are not, and unless this changes, this is one of the reasons that federer will always be considered to be greater than those rivals.  

people seem to think that making it far in slams is an easy task.  it's all well and good to able to beat federer head to head, but most of the battle is getting there.  roger has shown time and time again (20 times and counting actually) that he can pretty much beat any man on any surface and do it with consistency (with the exception of maybe nadal on clay).  this is a testament to his ability to adapt to different opponents.  the variety in his game is unmatched.
as a laker fan, i'd just like to point out that this series is far from over.

lord knows laker squads in the past have wasted 2-0 leads.
to be fair, federer had beaten nadal in the final of the madrid open just a couple of weeks ago. 
go whalers go!
why are we relying on a poll to show economic growth?

that's retarded...

do you think southern ontario and hamilton will benefit from a hockey team is a much different question, than will southern ontario and hamilton benefit from a hockey team

namely because one relies on uninformed opinion, and the other should be answered by sound economic thinking.

it's a moot point anyway, because hamilton is within buffalo's exclusive zone and they're not going to be ok with a team there

off to kitchener boy-o
djokovic?  the man who was beaten thoroughly in straight sets by philipp kohlschreiber?  if djokovic isn't consistent enough to make it past players like this, he doesn't deserve to win the tournament.  his head to head record with federer (which is still in federer's favor) is only relevant if he makes it to the semis.

as for murray, he's just not a very good clay court player.  it's no surprise he wasn't able to beat a player like gonzalez on clay. despite their head to head, i would have put money on federer to beat murray easily had they met in the final.

finally, regarding nadal... when you play with as much intensity as he does, and are as hard on your body as he is, you're going to have your ups and downs.  right now he's hit a bit of a low point, and federer capitalized on his early exit, plain and simple. that's a price that nadal will have to learn to accept throughout his career... flashes of greatness mixed with flashes of disappointment.
and federer also beat the man who beat nadal.  i hate the fact that people feel the need to diminish federer's win because he didn't beat nadal.  had nadal been the most worthy opponent for him in the final, he would have been there.

no one dismisses any of the sampras wins because they weren't all against agassi...
it is not luck when it happens every time
sure, being runner up for three years in a row and then persevering to win it on the fourth occasion: seems really lucky to me.

but i do agree that discussion about the "greatest of all time" is futile. this win will mean however that he is forever remembered as one of the best. i think his chances of winning wimbledon are now much greater than at this time last year.
faber fighting 4 rounds with a broken hand was impressive. 
if murray/nadal were the best opponents for federer in the final, they would have made it to the final -- that's how tournaments work.  federer's win is not lessened by the fact that it wasn't against nadal just like none of the sampras wins are devalued because they weren't against agassi.
i couldn't believe it took security as long as it did. i'm glad the guy didn't have more malicious intentions.
15 points in the first quarter? neither team was prepared to play last night. the game didn't start until the 3rd quarter.
anyone who is a fan of la and doesn't live in la is a douche bag.  it's like being a yankee fan if you're not from ny.  the lakers are bush league players.  they foul all night, and when someone touches them they expect the call all the time.  i hope they lose. 
awesome fight, faber may very well deserve a 3rd shot after that performance (after going through everyone else, starting from square 1 of course).  the kid has more heart than i've seen from 99.9% of fighters, mma or otherwise.
clear as daylight now, thanks!
bears fans are always flummoxed!
&gt; #2 the guy who brings his glove

&gt;if i ever run for senate, i'm spending all my energies getting the following law passed: "anyone over the age of 16 who brings their glove to a game can be legally beaten and tortured." it will be my legacy. 

i do that still and i'm 26.  does it really piss people off that much?
down already :(
  most jets fans i knew hated him and never rooted for him.
i thought this was going to be about the nba season.
[brass bonanza!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdkspefpoto)
here's the case for federer being considered best ever.  federer is amazingly consistent in the major gs (grand slam) events (french, wimbledon, us open, australian).  he's been to the semifinals of better in the last 20 gs events (and only 3 semifinals, the remaining 17 are finals or wins).

federer has been in the finals 15 of the last 16 events.

were it not for nadal, federer would likely have won back to back grand slams in 2006 and 2007 (the french was the missing title in both those years).

the only male to ever win 3 of 4 gs events in 3 different years (2004, 2006, 2007).

even in 2008 and 2009, considered down years for federer, federer still reached five consecutive finals and won 2 gs titles.
and ruin buffalo's? there's no doubt s. ontario can take it, but the reason the nhl doesn't want it is buffalo.
[x-ray of faber's hand](http://www.mmaweekly.com/absolutenm/templates/dailynews.asp?articleid=8932&amp;zoneid=13) after the fight
i think he is unquestionably the best ever.  and he'll more than likely win at least a few more grand slams in his career to supplement the argument.
why the fuck is geography relevant?
wooosh
as a fan of brett favre and a somewhat casual packers fan, it doesn't bother me that he wants to come out of retirement. if he ends up washed up (some argue he already is), oh well. too me it just seems like the man wants to play ball. who cares about making the storied-ending? that's already gone anyhow after a season with the jets.
i guess redditors are not into tennis.. *sigh*



it's getting better.  the posts for tennis are getting non-trivial upmods.  what's more accurate is to say redditors aren't into sports, and that's gotten a bit better over time.
classy. but what else can you expect from people who live in florida.  

i hate the nba- but now i hope la not only wins, but sweeps them.
if someone ran out and tried to put a hat on alex rodriguez it would probably end up on sportscenter
take me out to the ballgame
as long as you don't rob any balls from kids and you're sitting in a section where it's reasonable to believe foul balls/home runs can reach you, then it doesn't grind my gears.
buffalo depends on canadian fans going south to watch games.

if buffalo is in such trouble, they should try to get more american fans.

it's disgusting that bettman is hellbent on propping up american teams with canadian fans, but won't have it the other way around.  we need to get this clown out of the nhl.


i'm just excited at the prospect of another canadian franchise. 
what a man.
slightly more bad ass than me.
i like federer a lot, but he has to get over nadal.  nadal is a great player, but he's not as good as his record vs. federer implies.  federer plays like shit just thinking about nadal, it's obvious he's incredibly intimidated (and why not, nadal just hammers at his backhand for 5 sets straight).

i think federer probably is the best player ever, and i'd love to see him continue to rock, but he needs to be able to seal the deal against nadal.
someone said federer is the best of the modern era, while rod laver is the best of the older era (say, pre - 1967).

thank you for posting this, he is my favorite player.  
&gt;the fee is reported to be £56m, which would smash the previous world record of £47m paid to juventus by real for zinedine zidane in 2001.

this is pretty amazing, largest transfer ever.  can't wait for next season.
the last time nadal and federer played on clay (may 17th, 2009), federer won 6-4, 6-4. 
that's a little disingenuous to say, since they are so close to the border. they are relying on fans near them, whether american or canadian. http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&amp;source=s_q&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=&amp;q=buffalo,+ny&amp;sll=42.996612,-78.912048&amp;sspn=0.472076,1.014862&amp;ie=utf8&amp;ll=42.898101,-78.877029&amp;spn=0.236416,0.507431&amp;z=11
the question is, if we put him in the 'wayback' machine, and have him pop out 20-30 years earlier with a wood racket in his hand, and put him up against mcenroe, connors or borg at their peak, would he still win?

agassi?  yes, he could beat andre at his peak. (andre himself has admitted this) becker? certainly. lendl? no question.

maybe sampras at the peak of his power could have given him a worthy battle.

if he's not the best, ever, he's certainly right up there at the top.  i think we need a bit of perspective to truly judge him.  you never know, though.  tennis's equivalent of tiger woods could be growing up right now for all we know.
the argument for laver is his two grand slams.  i think donald budge is the only other guy to win the grand slam (you could say he invented the term, borrowed from golf).

there are a few arguments you could make against laver.  until 1968, the grand slams were not open.  that is, only amateurs could play.  although pros made nowhere near as much money as they do now, they still made money.  most pros went on these barnstorming tours, a bit like today's exhibitions and played matches all over.  if you wanted to make a living playing tennis, you need to go pro.

this limited the number of grand slams laver played.  having said that, if pros were allowed in 1962, laver probably wouldn't have won a grand slam.  laver struggled against the professionals when he first turned pro.

the other key was the australian open.  until air travel became cheaper, getting to australia to play was a bit of a pain.  this affected players from, say, the tilden era.  it was even a pain to play in france or for europeans to play in the us.

this is why a player like margaret court won so many australian opens.  few people were making the trip to challenge her, and she had no competition (plus she was a very good player).

the other knock is grass.  at the time, only the french was played on clay.  wimbledon, the us open, and the australian were all played on grass.

the us open moved to clay briefly in 1975-1977.  in 1978, they moved to flushing meadows and played on the hard courts for the first time.

sometime in the 80s, australia moved to hard courts as well.  ideally, australia should have moved indoors to create four different surfaces.  they were the first to build a retractable roof, however.  wimbledon, this year, is the second.

i think people would have been surprised, when pete sampras retired, that someone else would emerge so soon afterwards to dominate the game (albeit with the nadal problem).
absolutely not. many people say that he is not the best ever, because it is impossible to compare eras. ie, sampras had a slew of worthy competitors in agassi, becker, ivanisevic, chang, henman, hewitt, lendll, and others. federer has had basically no worthy competitors. 

however, i don't subscribe to this nonsense. these critics say something like "federer is the best of his era, but maybe not the best of all time."


bullshit. total hogwash. federer is not even the best of his era. nadal is. nadal owns a supremely impressive 13-7 record over federer. 16 of those 20 meetings have been in tourney finals. 7 of those 16 were in grand slam tourney finals. 


at least sampras dominated his era. as did laver. i would say, that, given the fact that federer isn't even as good as his closest competitor, that he is de-facto out of the "greatest of all time" argument.


long live nadal.
these comparisons are hard to make.  andre played his entire career with bigger racquets.  he may have learned how to hit on smaller racquets (as a kid).  fed uses a "small" racquet by modern standards, but it is still on the larger end.

becker also played with a larger racquet (the same one) his entire career.  lendl was the only one to play with a fairly tiny racquet and would have been more comfortable with tinier racquets.

the problem is the style of play that was popular in the 1970s was quite different from today's style.  laver, for example, would have had to learn to hit with heavy topspin--he hit with some, but not a lot.  did his talent arise because he played a serve and volley style?  laver was also not a tall man.  modern players are 4-5 inches taller and a lot stronger.

to federer's credit, the guy used to serve and volley at wimbledon all the time (see his match against sampras).  federer was certainly versatile enough to do both.

federer also has the benefit of seeing what one can do.  in the mac days, players simply didn't go for winners.  lendl was the first player that went for big shots and showed it was possible.

the question is whether this is a fair way to compare athletes or not or if there's any realistic way to compare athletes of different eras.
i was very frightened for the players when i first heard about it, if only because the specter of monica seles getting stabbed still looms pretty heavily over this kind of thing.
right, but my point is that:  how come the study doesn't show that a new southern ontario team will suffer because because people want to go to buffalo games instead?

the fact is, people do not want to go to buffalo, they only do it because they have no same-distance canadian alternative.  i don't think it's right to restrict the formation of a new southern ontario team to protect an unenthusiastic american audience.


an unenthusiastic american audience?

have you seen the hockey ratings in buffalo?

during the rangers/sabres series 2 or 3 years back the buffalo television numbers beat nyc. not by share, by actual viewers. buffalo is easily the most hockey rabid market in the states.

to call the buffalo audience unenthusiastic is retarded. it has far more to do with buffalo being able to attract things like luxury box sales from canadian companies than it does filling the place with regular fans. buffalo's economy has been virtually non-existant for decades and the recession hasn't helped. now you want to drop a team in southern ontario and pave the way for the sabres to leave town? 

jesus. 

you canadians are already eyeing up the bills, why don't you just kick our dogs and fuck our wives while you're at it?


20 straight gs semifinals. the next best is 10. that is what makes roger the best.

nadal might be winning now, but if he keeps putting so much intensity into his play, his body will fail him soon. we already saw that happen in this years french open.
&gt;the baseball draft is completely different.  there are fifty rounds.  50!!!  i don’t have the attention span for 50 rounds.  the nfl has seven rounds and i barely watch the first.  50??  i’m struggling to finish this sentence i’m so bored.

great quote.

&gt;yankees have two relief pitchers in robertson (might be good) and coke (probably not)

i'll disagree with that one though.
the "straight gs semifinals" argument, quite obviously, is era-sensitive.

also, all it even sort-of lays claim to is that he was one of the best for that era. semifinals only make you 1 out of 4.

were the buffalo bills the best team in football in the early 90's because they went to an unprecedented and untouched-since record four consecutive superbowls?

no, of course not.



your point makes no headway in any argument, whatsoever.
this doesn't make any sense.  let's ignore the fact that nadal is 4 years younger than federer for the moment.

&gt;sampras had a slew of worthy competitors in agassi, becker, ivanisevic, chang, henman, hewitt, lendll, and others.

perhaps.  but we can judge their careers now that they've come and gone.  besides, calling ivanisevic/chang/henman worthy competitors is a weak argument.  i could throw roddick/djokovic/murray/hewitt at you and match that even without their careers being completed.

&gt;at least sampras dominated his era.

i'll call bullshit here.  sampras was sent packing from gs event in the quarterfinals or earlier ten times during his reign as no. 1 (1993-98).  furthermore, sampras never won 90% of his matches in any year.  see clin_reddit's argument about laver.

&gt;i would say, that, given the fact that federer isn't even as good as his closest competitor, that he is de-facto out of the "greatest of all time" argument.

ahem.  nadal lost in the 4th round of a grand slam event.  federer hasn't done that since 2004.

your post is all about attempting to raise nadal to the level federer has already achieved.  nadal may well one day be better than federer, but he has to prove it, other that one measly statistic in his favour (which, by the way, is heavily in nadal's favour because he's 9-2 against federer on clay, 4-5 on other surfaces).  longevity and consistency are equally a part of being great as talent, and nadal has done little to prove that he has those qualities.  yet.
&lt;ahem&gt;

saying that because sampras left early from some tourneys is true. but it could just as easily come from the fact that his competition was far better, than it could from the fact he was worse. you give no information to argue that it was one or the other, just point out the fact, which proves nothing. at all.

and, your other data, has the same pitfall. the 90% win rate, could just as easily (actually much more likely) come from weak competition as it could from superior skills.


and, one loss in a grand slam 4th round means nothing. a tiny little spot of data. nadal has had federer to go against from day 1 of his career. federer had no nadal until recently. not a single person got anywhere near challenging him as much as nadal has, until nadal himself.


also, your last stat is just as weak. so, on all other surfaces, nadal is 4-5 vs federer. that is exactly tied (or as exactly as an odd number of occurances can be, to being tied). it means next to nothing, statistically, in the grand scheme of the "who's better?" argument. whereas, 9-2 on clay, obviously shows superiority. 
of course he can beat nadal, we wouldn't be talking about him as the best player ever if there was someone he couldn't ever beat.  but he's got a losing record (7-13) against nadal overall, and that's not something that bodes well for a judgment as the "best player ever"
that's true and a valid point, but hadn't nadal won the previous 5 in a row? that's pretty significant, and i think it weakens his french open win that he didn't have to beat nadal. it's kinda like winning the masters in a year when tiger woods has to withdraw because of an injury.

federer's a truly great player, but he's not been that great against nadal, especially at the french.
&gt;the question is whether this is a fair way to compare athletes or not or if there's any realistic way to compare athletes of different eras.

fair?  probably not.  but, it does lend itself to interesting comparisons. =)
&gt;were the buffalo bills the best team in football in the early 90's because they went to an unprecedented and untouched-since record four consecutive superbowls?

you are omitting the fact that roger has won 12 of those 20 tournaments, where the bills never won a superbowl.
as a riders fan, i **really** hope young doesn't go to the argos.
this article is really stupid.  the picture is three times the size of the text, doesn't fit the frame of the column and is downsampled.  it's super short and barely compares stats at all even though greinke and halladay have very similar stats.  in one sentence it says how halladay should win the cy young, and in the next, brings up santana.

this is the best part:

&gt;imagine, just imagine how big of star halladay would be if he pitched  in a better mlb betting market.

greinke pitches for the **kansas city royals**.  their [payroll](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/wire?section=mlb&amp;id=3324146) in 2008 was $58,245,500 and the jays' was $98,641,957.
&gt; it's kinda like winning the masters in a year when tiger woods has to withdraw because of an injury.

it's more like winning the masters in a year when tiger just screws up.  i agree that it would have been more special, and carried a different weight if he had had to play nadal, but the fact is nadal competed, lost, and federer crushed the guy who ousted nadal. 

as far as best ever, i'd say go with the major hardware.  it's useless to compare eras.  nadal will have to play some consistent tennis to match federer, when it's all said and done.  
draft or trade:  they just need a starter so they can move joba back into the bullpen.
&gt; maybe sampras at the peak of his power could have given him a worthy battle.

this. sampras always found a way to win, and if federer was dropped in 15 years ago i think he and sampras would enjoy a brilliant rivalry.
isn't the general consensus that there is more depth to the men's game now than there has ever been? matts wilander, andre agassi and greg rusedski were all saying that over the past couple of days.

if so, that has to enhance the opinion that federer is the best player of the open era.
ah but then you admit that the 20 in a row means jack shit, and that only the number he won makes a difference?
i agree.  pete was a brilliant tennis player.  could have used a tad more personality, but that man could definitely play some tennis.
the knicks will land kobe *and* lebron in the offseason. just you wait!
since brian cashman's role in the organization increased he has been focusing more on the draft. the 2006 draft already gave us joba and robertson along with top prospects ian kennedy, zach mcallister, dellin betances, and mark melancon
isn't he on some late night infomercial?
jimmy kimmel is stepping it up. first heather graham and the witch stuff, now this.
ah but then you admit that the only thing that matters is numbers won, and he has won 14 at 27 yrs old, 4 years before sampras won his 14th. making fed the better player.
these two jones deserve each other.
i hate it so much when people use the phrase "judeo-christian" as if adding the "judeo" prefix is now an all-encompassing adjective that no one could object to.
guy's an animal...i was rooting for mike brown, but i have mad respect for faber now.
i was watching a special on dwight howard the other day. he was asked (in 2004 at 18 years old) what his ultimate goal in the nba was.

his response? not win a championship. not be the best over.

instead, to implement the cross into the nba logo.
just not on clay. i think sampras is/was great, but when you look across all surfaces, federer stands out. sampras never even came close to winning at the french open.  federer has won more matches at the event than any other player and would have multiple french open titles if he didn't have to keep facing probably the greatest clay court player to ever live.
i say he should wear a dbacks lid.  that's where his best years were.
that's true.  i think every player, including the greats, always had one surface that was their 'achilles heel' so to speak.  considering that only 6 men in history have won all 4 grand slam's, that makes federer's accomplishments all the more impressive.
ha what a douche, he's not even cool crazy like the owners of some of the best soccer teams in the world.  for example, silvio berlusconi owns a.c. milan.
ya, it's getting harder and harder to deny. i used to play the game when i was younger, although i don't follow it much now, but that guy just keeps winning major, after major, etc.

helluv a player.
dbacks, won a ws, threw his perfect game and won 4 consecutive cy youngs with them.
agreed. 
i'm pretty sure you'd have a pretty hard time finding an elite tennis player who had a winning record against everyone he played -- that's a ridiculous standard to hold anyone to.  

people are way too quick these days to call athletes alive right now "the best ever".

no, it's kind of like playing tiger woods when he's not in contention on the last day.  nadal played at the french and lost to a better opponent.

nadal won the last 4 in a row -- but in two of those years, federer took the other 3 grand slams which i would say is far more significant.
only because sampras has retired. :-)
7-13 isn't even close.

besides, is there anyone else with a winning record against federer and more than a handful of matches played?
props if you can find a video.
i live in devos's hometown, grand rapids michigan.

i can confirm that he's a right-wing nutjob.
dbacks for sure, and not just because i live in phoenix but because of what he accomplished while he was here.
it's not luck when it happens every time.
why does it matter if it's even close?  nadal is going to go down in history as one of the greatest clay players of all time -- and he isn't even comparable to roger on other surfaces (2 grand slams vs. roger's 13).  the record would probably be closer had nadal made it further the other grand slams over past years. 

roger has won 14 grand slams to date, and i'll bet money that he isn't done yet.  he's also only 1 of 6 people in the history of the sport to win all 4 grand slams -- and he's won more grand slams than any of them.  
a little late there infowars and while you're so desperate for news you can fabricate, project, etc. they adopted this policy last year and last time i checked the imperial agents at the nfl hadn't really gotten the upper hand you allude to...

comments?
proof?
he's apparently not interested, as of today, which will probably change tomorrow. http://sports.espn.go.com/nfl/news/story?id=4240457
this is close.

"seemingly, a typical room of a typical hoops junky......

if not for the framed copy of the ten commandments that hangs beside it.

if not for the crude drawing of the nba logo with a cross affixed over the heart of jerry west's silhouette, the exclamation to dwight howard's own personal commandments, handwritten on notebook paper."

http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=1769153

 seems that no one can remember past 10 years ago. no.
faber is a beast.
the nba still has mark cuban.
yeah i remember this..

afterwards i totally forgot about dwight howard and the nba until i moved to orlando this year and now i'm a huge magic fan, really i've just bought into the temporary hype. i've always wanted to live in a pro sports championship city so it's pretty cool to see them in the finals.
in that case, everyone needs to judeo-downmod you.
you'll notice that before 1973 heart failure was not listed as a cause even once, though from 1973 onward it's almost all heart-related.


that was kind of a shame, the match was great. i'm not an mma buff by any means so i'm wondering will they have another rematch at some point? it seems to me that brown doesn't have much to gain by fighting him again but like i said i don't really know the ins and outs of the sport.
&gt;the ball struck him below the waist, forcing his testicles to become lodged in his abdomen  
  
i stopped reading here as i reflexively crumpled into the fetal position.
way to quick? federer is 27. average age of tennis player is around 20-22. 
"as co-founder of amway, the 83-year-old devos has amassed a fortune of more than $4.4 billion."

amway is a complete fraudulent ponzi scheme.
ask and ye shall receive. unfortunately, doesn't look like the video is anywhere, but here are some links and quotes....

&gt; [when dwight jr. looks at the nba logo, he imagines a cross superimposed over the slaloming outline of jerry west.](http://vault.sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/mag1032313/index.htm)

and...

&gt;[dwight is known not only for his game, but also for his faith in christ. he publicly talked about his goal of changing the image of the nba. the nba has image has been criticized for years, tarnished by player’s attitudes and arrests. dwight talked about his vision of a cross being incorporated into the nba logo, even though revealing this vision could lead to persecution and the loss of money in endorsements.](http://prodigalmagazine.com/men-of-god-spotlight-dwight-howard/)

i don't care what he, or anyone else, believes or doesn't believe in, but, changing the logo? come on.
root against the dreams of 12 guys, and an entire city of 230,000 just because the owner uses his money for causes he believe in? that seems unnecessarily acrimonious. 
i'm pretty upset urijah, lost. i feel he needed to go for more take downs in the beginning rounds for him to win. although boy, is he tough. 
..in *for* a world of hurt.
it's not really up to brown.  i am sure there will be a rematch.
welcome to blue america, where the personal *is* the political.
yes, because red america certainly never does that. 

edit: for instance like [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/8qt3y/when_leftwing_extremists_burn_down_a_ski_lodge_or/).
the owners of most of these teams are morally-detestable human beings.
that is only now becoming true.. for a good couple years there federer was blasting the likes of andy roddick off the court.  not exactly a testament to greatness.  

now there is murray, djokovic, nadal, and maybe gonzalez and del potro who are coming up strong through the ranks.  this is a new school that is making tennis exciting again.  federer was simply battering hewitt, safin, and others, who are not even close to the caliber of the aforementioned players.
i'm not talking about extremists. this guy isn't advocating murder. he's saying you shouldn't root for the magic because you might not like the owner's politics, and apparently that's mainstream enough to be published as a sensible opinion in a well-read publication of the left.

my god, that's absurd. i think *30 rock* is hysterical even if alec baldwin and i probably don't see eye to eye--hell that makes his character all the funnier. i don't know what john henry's political views are, but even if he's funding kucinich 2012, i'm still going to root for the red sox.
your link gives an example of "red america" (a term i use loosely) is in the wrong, but twoodfin was just pointing out that red america doesn't drag the ugliness of politics into all facets of life quite like blue america does. 
yes, i understood his point. the problem is his logic is flawed. the point of my example is that it's easy to pick out one individual thing and use it as weak evidence to make some half-ass generalization. 
judeo-chop!
only the one arrest?  nobody thought to invite michael irvin, dwayne goodrich, larry bethea, pacman jones, harvey martin, thomas henderson, bob hayes, or nate newton?
dwis aren't that big of a deal. you've all done it.
i remember how unstoppable sampras was. it's hard to say who would win if they played each other. i know that nadal, as good as he is, is no agassi. hell, federer might not even beat agassi when he was in his prime. 

federer absolutely dominates all his opponents though. he brutally crushes their hope. i don't really see any flaws in his game. he could win 14 more before it's all said and done.

also, sampras never won the french open.
look man, you don't fucking dance lightly with the term "best ever".  he'll surely take the grand slam record, so you could make an argument for it by that alone.  i'm not saying he's not an excellent player.  i'm just saying you don't get to be "best ever" with a big asterisk.  was there anyone with a 2:1 win:loss ratio over sampras in his era?
"behind every great fortune there is a great crime." - honoré de balzac
they said dwi not coke, smack, and/or mary-jane
"come on."  
as in who cares?  all corporations change their logos to appease people.  the new mascot should be jordan betting money on basketball.
sounds like sports have transcended mere entertainment.

is it on your bucket list?
pyramid scheme.
http://it.truveo.com/kmart-calls-cuban-faot-mf’er/id/3244786456

kmart thinks he's a bit more than flamboyant.
what was deleted?
that along with my plan to circumnavigate the globe.
wait... doesn't this make them written?
don't rush your high school pitchers...david clyde, todd van poppel
did anyone check the bottom of brandon jacobs' cleats?
the commenter just made the statement that of course, you don't really get rich without fucking some people over.
well done!
needles must not exceed 5 inches.
there is definitely a pattern there. either the pace of the game increased dramatically or it is drugs. 
one year laird lead the league in bunt-hits.  he is a great bunter and does bunt frequently.
its hard to draft top young players when you finish last in the draft ranking all the time.
was there such a dominant clay player in sampras' era? if not, what was his overall record against all elite clay players?

    note: these aren't smartass rhetorical questions, i'm actually curious.
it could be diet related: people pre-1973 had poorer diets and so people with heart conditions probably suffered during their teenage years and opted out of the sport. as diet improved, so did training levels, allowing people with congenital heart conditions to reach the top levels of the sport... and then die playing it.

just a theory.
*federer absolutely dominates all his opponents though. he brutally crushes their hope. i don't really see any flaws in his game. he could win 14 more before it's all said and done.*

maybe in the past. not any more, although i'm inclined to agree that he might be the 'best ever'
federer has already begun the age related decline. how exactly is this 'too quick', apart from the fact that he will likely take another slam (or a few)?
he's just as good now as he's ever been. i'd say he's at the top of his game. if i'm not mistaken federer has been in something like 20 consecutive semifinals. he blew out soderling in straight sets. no one even posed a challenge to him, really.
sampras' best ever showing at the french was the semi-finals -- federer has been a finalist for the last 4 years.  he's also been in 20 consecutive grand slam semi-finals and has been in 19 (non-consecutive) grand slam finals.

i just don't see how you think having a losing record to one of the most dominant clay court players ever is an 'asterisk' on federer's record.  especially given that he's still only 27 (sampras was 31 when he won his last gs).  

i'm curious, who do you think is the best ever....and why is he better than federer?  i'm guessing laver...
block on kobe...alley-oop layup... it really would have been a beautiful way to even the series heading home. 

but i can't agree more with what lee said after the game:
&gt; i don't think we lost the game just because i 
&gt; missed a layup, but we could have won it

the magic played plenty sloppy, especially in terms of handling the ball.
what a creepy guy, i agreee, security really took their time to help roger out there.
guarantee the red sox would have jacoby ellsbury lay one down and espn would say it's a fantastic spark to get his team going.  if anyone else did it, it would be bush league.
[dwight howard has an illegitimate kid](http://www.faniq.com/blog/super-religious-dwight-howard-has-an-illegitimate-kid-whoops-blog-5842)
good thing he didn't say anything about beating up wives &amp; guys in wheelchairs or being a deadbeat dad and not paying child support...

then you'd have to add erik williams, demetrius underwood, and terry glenn to that list.
it's arguable whether tiger has had to face decent competition either.  people hoped that there would be a mickelson-woods rivalry where they would be contending for the title.  mickelson, alas, has rarely been able to hold up his end of the bargain.

in golf, few people seem to care because you are simultaneously playing all these players at once.  and if some longshot is there on the last day and chokes because of pressure, well, they still played well enough to be there.

and in any case, it's comparing apples to oranges.  it's much harder for woods to win any given golf tournament than for federer to win any one because he plays a lot of players at the same time.  thus, woods will have tournaments where he loses to some player and you wonder why, but it's because that player is hot.

in the end, sure, it would be more satisfying if roger beat nadal, but the french title is his all the same.  no one seems to complain if a superbowl winner doesn't play the best team at the end or the nba finals doesn't have the "best" team at the end.  the winner is still the winner.
sampras won primarily on two things.  his serve and his forehand.  he had the game's pre-eminent serve, and could volley and hit his forehand well enough.  a typical sampras match against a tough opponent was pretty much hold serve because your opponent can't touch yours, and then try for a break.

it's interesting to note that the top server is not even in the top 10 (ivo karlovic).  it may say something about players ability to return today.

it is hard to say how sampras would have fared, but on clay?  sampras couldn't even beat the players of his day.  i doubt he would have made a dent in federer's game.

and, the one time the two did meet (in 2001), federer beat sampras in five sets, when federer was still something of an unknown.  this was their one and only meeting.
unwritten rules aren't worth the paper they're not written on.

that said, i can see a difference between bunting for a hit when that's a good strategy to win, versus bunting for a hit just to break up a no-hitter.  

say you're down 2-0 in the 7th or 8th, and you've got a power/speed guy up, someone like ian kinsler.  if you're telling him to bunt, you're not playing to win, you're playing to spoil the no-no.
&gt;woods said after clinching his **67th pga tour title**

that's incredible. sorry to go off topic, but i guess i didn't realize how high that number actually was. nicklaus had 73 and snead 82. 
would have to see it in slow motion, but my money is that it would end up being called a foul.  it took the cleanest block i have seen in quite some time to avoid getting a soft foul called for kobe.
if you're only down two and the guy is fast bunting is a great option!
it's crazy to think about what he can do if he stays healthy and motivated.
training supplements along with increased muscle mass could also explain this.
i guess redditors are into tennis then :d
he was down 2 sets to none to haas and had to win three straight to get to the semi-final, and then it looked like del potro had his number in the semi until he ran out of steam in the fourth set (also a 5 set match)....

yes he blew out soderling, but his path to the final was anything but unchallenging.
del potro hadn't won a set off of federer in 5 previous meetings. prior to the match he could generously be described as one of roger's bunnies.

yes, i agree that nadal and djokovic are really inconsistent. which explains why they are ranked so low! lol 

except for this tournament they always (nadal) or almost always (djokovic) make it to the final four. that's why their first week losses were considered freakish upsets. in the case of nadal one of the greatest upsets of all time. the fact that he faced neither of these three players, or even murray can only be considered good fortune. roger would not have beaten rafa in a final at rg and i have serious  doubts that he would have beaten novak in the sf. i would have given him better odds against murray in the final, but andy would have at least played closer to his potential than robin did.
hard to believe that there are people who don't understand how a player like soderling or tsonga can get blazing hot during a tournament and beat superior players and then freeze up in the final. the stage is too big, first time jitters, whatever you want to call it. 

players like rafa (and roger) play better on the big stages. if rafa and soderling had played in the final, rafa would have won in straight sets as well. rafa would have played better and robin would have played worse.

everybody's entitled to their opinion, but many, including myself, think that federer's win is in fact lessened by the fact that it wasn't against nadal or either of the other top players. i mean a win is a win and you can only play who is in front of you. but i don't see him suddenly as goat because he beats the number 28 player in the world at rg.
federer and sampras met at wimbledon in 2001.  sampras had won the last 7 of 8 wimbledons, had a 31 match streak going, and had never lost a 5 set match at wimbledon.  

federer beat him in 5: 7-6, 5-7, 6-4, 6-7, 7- 5.

at that time, federer was 20, and sampras 29.
people keep trying to interpret my calling roger lucky as saying that he sucks or something. i'm not saying that at all. roger's great, but he was incredibly lucky not to face rafa in this final, i guy that is his worse match up and who he lost to in each of those three years that you mentioned and one more to boot. 

how can that not be seen as fortunate?
what happens every time? roger lost the last three rg finals to nadal.
sampras won his last grand slam at 32 years old.  i'd say federer has a lot of tennis left in him.
i understand what you're saying -- i was an elite athelete for a long time and understand what pressure/nerves can do to performance -- but to say rafa would have beaten soderling in straight sets is purely speculative.  i dislike the fact that people feel the need to try to lessen the value of this win for federer.  i could understand if rafa didn't play rg at all this year, but soderling beat rafa fair and square.  there's also no way to say that rafa wouldn't have lost to federer had he made the final....federer won their last head to head match on clay without losing a set.

i don't suddenly see him as the goat because of rg, but i really don't think it's going to be questionable once federer retires.
wow.

what a bunch of greedy hoes!
&gt;a near-sellout of joe louis could shave a ratings point off the local television ratings measurement, and such ratings are used to establish advertising rates. 

this is braindead. if you know that a near-sellout will do this to the ratings, then you can factor that right back in. even better, it's **a captive audience** - you **know** that the people at the arena won't be flipping channels, so they'll be exposed to those ads for sure.

cbc does hockey right. no one else can touch their coverage.
those fucking morons! how many in attendance even register on the nielsen ratings? anyone involved in this idiotic decision should be shot...





out of a cannon into the fucking sun
&gt; do you like our site?

no, i hate your site, this submission, and your pathetic attempt at steering traffic towards it in a futile effort to make some money by repackaging nba footage that you have no rights to.
i vaguely remember that, actually. am thinking i need to see that match again. i wish there was a hulu for old sports games/matches.
wut?
well... we could always just send them an email.


nbcsportshelp@nbcuni.com

i will disagree with you a bit - there's nothing wrong with the nbc broadcast itself. their commentators are good and the production value is top notch.

also cbc has pulled some dick moves, like not showing game 3 of vancouver st.louis in hd because they didnt want to rent an hd truck. save-on-foods had to pony up the cash.

i do agree with your first point though, veiwing parties at the arena are fun and give access to have a game like experience for people who maybe cant afford to get in to the game.
that's true for almost everyone, but it gets different results if your the best golfer on the planet.
good, nba referees are too fucking old. i don't trust them to make difficult calls.
the onion never fails to deliver.
i *fully* agree that the people should have a right to participate in these communal activities.

however, is is not fair to discount the network's worries. that doesn't mean fans shouldn't feel pissed off about the flawed system; this is simply a legit problem that should be reasoned out, not discounted.

**the problem is this**:
not everyone is included in the nielsen ratings. only a very small, select number of people have a nielsen set meter... little set-top boxes that record viewing habits. the results are then extrapolated to the general population.

in that way, the entire nielson set-metered group could fit into a stadium many times over, easily. this severely and disproportionately undercuts the ratings for the telecast.
if nadal was the better player, then he would have made the final. he didnt. so he isnt.
i don't understand what you're saying. what would have been called a foul?
i watch any games i can on cbc.i can't get it with the new digital box  but rabbit ears it comes in great.ya can't beat don cherry and cbc covers the game like they know what hockey is.
if you want better quality boradcasts, more tv revenue and more exposure; you owe it to yourself and all nhl fans to volunteer to be a nielsen household. hell, lie on the paper logs and tell them you were watching columbus v. nashville on a tuesday, or set the dvr to record san jose v. anaheim long after you've gone to bed so the electronic tracker picks it up and then delete the stupid mess.  
why don't they allow all the advertisers to set up booths and give away nic nacs and shit free to the 20,000 googley eyed fans in attendance?

it's more effective than the advertising that prompts you to piss and talk to your friends when it comes on.

or let them show the cbc version as i'm sure many people in detroit at least prefer it and were going to watch it at home over the nbc version.
nbc sucks anyways, they are clueless when it comes to hockey.  i'm not a fan of versus but their telecasts are still five times better, even if their cameramen can't follow the puck well.
 . . . unlike many orioles pitchers.
hey that's not nice to us bay area hockey fans.
that's for sure. it was a tiny bit tragic for lee though, since he had just missed a pretty straightforward shot the previous time down the court. he made the move and got to the hoop but just missed it.

the rookie had two chances to be a hero and it's a bummer that he wasn't able to make either of them.
&gt; proving how low nhl tv ratings really are.

game 3 led all male demos; game 5 led all demos.

http://puckthemedia.wordpress.com/2009/06/03/sorry-were-late-on-this-versus-scores-highest-rated-and-most-watched-telecast-ever-ever/

&gt; versus, for the 8:00-10:45 p.m. time period, was the most-viewed cable network in the country and the top-rated network overall (broadcast and cable) among all key male demos. 

http://tvbythenumbers.com/2009/06/07/saturday-nhl-stanley-cup-game-five-leads-prime-time/20226

&gt;   last night’s game five of the stanley cup finals led all broadcast viewing, both in adults 18-49 (1.6) and total viewers (4.28 million). 
i demand you give credit to futurama where credit is due. and you could at least get the quote right. it's "...fired out of a canon into the sun".
yes it is, because it leads the nhl and advertisers and broadcasters to believe there is more interest in your games.  then more will be nationally broadcast, so you'll see your team more.  the ad spots will go up in price, so more money for the stations which makes the contract more valuable and puts more money into the league which is shared amongst the teams and allows the players to make more and the seats to cost less. whew.
i have no idea what what you just said means.
&gt; banning outside food at astros games “has been kind of a tradition in houston,” said astros owner drayton mclane, who purchased the team in 1992.

banning outside food a "tradition"?  fuck you drayton mcclane.
&gt; even though fans cannot bring food or water into minute maid park, gardner notes that the move to downtown houston in 2000 has provided considerably more dining options for fans than the barren landscape of the astrodome parking lot.

oh yeah...like expensive restaurants that cost more than the food at the park?  and paying to park in on the curb is way safer than before...oh wait...you have to still park at the astrodome and take "joke-rail" into downtown and walk to the stadium that always has the roof open and never runs the air conditioning!!!!

drayton mcclane, you are one cheap mother fucker!
hopefully you don't fall off the bandwagon.

i jumped on the lakers bandwagon in 1987 and haven't fallen off since.
how the pros do it, at a pace that's understandable
and they'll pick up curry and griffin in the draft too...
are you kidding? i was born in california, but have lived in canada, belize and the dominican republic for extended periods of time. (missionary parents. if you go to church, or know any missionaries at all, you'll know missionaries are *never* "upper middle class".) i moved to grand rapids for college (which i put myself through, with the help of lots of loans), and my wife and i are moving back to california next week.

i'm a poor, christian leftist. you're just wrong.
it's like two heavyweight boxers that have fought each other before.  the first quarter was each team just feeling each other out.
ooooo, 4.28 million viewers.

[http://blog.nielsen.com/nielsenwire/tag/house/](http://blog.nielsen.com/nielsenwire/tag/house/)

&gt;cbs’s “two and a half men”, “csi: miami” and “rules of engagement” were the top three-ranked primetime telecasts on broadcast tv 
with an average audience of approximately 10.1, 8.5 and 8.3 million viewers monday, june 1, 2009.

so basically it wasn't up against anything since it was a saturday night.
what can i say, i'm human and a sinner. sorry.

i guess my point is: making assumptions about people you interact with on the internet is a rather silly idea.
tonight is a more interesting test as the nhl and the nba go head to head, both on network television. (well, not *quite* head to head; can somebody explain why the game *in orlando* is starting at 9 pm local time?) also tonight: a re-run of house and a re-run of ncis.

&gt; so basically it wasn't up against anything since it was a saturday night.

heh, it wasn't up against sweeps week new summer shows, no. however tuesday, june 2nd's game 3 did pretty well, as did thursday, june 4th's game 4. (both set records for vs, and game 3 was the most-viewed cable network, and was the top-rated network overall among "all key male demos." not bad for a channel which does not have very complete market penetration.)
all i can clearly remember is that it was narrated by dave niehaus, full of highlights from the season, presented in chronological order.

i can't find the title, or even a whisper of it, any help would be appreciated!
i was referring to you saying "then delete the stupid mess" 
yeah, it sucks, but it's really not that hard to sneak shit in.  my roommates and i regularly managed to get entire bottles of liquor into minute maid park.
overheard in an nbc boardroom: "what's that? interest in hockey is at an all-time low and our station consistently comes in at #4 in the ratings? let's pull the plug on the few die-hard fans that are left!"
oh come on, there are plenty of downtown food options that won't deplete your wallet that badly.  for every zula, bank, and 17 there are an equal number of mcdonald's, quizno's, pappaswhatevers, treebeards, and whatever else.  

also, the light rail goes right by the flying saucer.  their burgers, sandwiches, and wraps are perfectly decent and all cost under or around 10 bucks.
but is he as grumpy as jack lemmon? answer: he's grumpier, because lemmon's dead.
&gt;  their commentators are *knowledgeable* and the production value is top notch.

fixed for you.  as far as good goes, i know more than a few people who think pierre mcguire is a giant ass wipe. 
it seems like some of the earlier deaths were heart related, but misdiagnosed (a guy heads a ball then dies, a guy gets kicked in the nuts and dies).
this will be great if this works and isn't one of those links that just takes you to site after site.
boo hoo.  sorry i hurt your feelings with facts.  how's that presidents trophy treating you?  
actually, 7-13 is only 3 matches advantage, right? 9 of those losses have come on clay, where nadal is the greatest ever player in the history of tennis. if fed had won just 3 more matches instead of losing, it would have been 10-10. so, i think it is close.

also, nadal never did make it to the final of the hard court or grass events when federer was in his prime (the 90% winning years).

murray also has a winning record against federer. also, sampras has a losing head to head record against both hewitt and krajicek.

thing is, federer's game, with his single handed backhand is a very bad match up against nadal. 
cocaine, pot, steroids and other felonies are ok but don't try and bet on sports.

pete rose fan ~
this is a terrible write up.  

it is not a psl that allows you to purchase tickets every year - it's prepaying for 50 years of tickets.

for reference: http://www.forbes.com/2008/09/10/cal-college-football-biz-sports_cx_tvr_0910cal.html
it's probably because hockey sucks.  playoff hockey is watchable, i guess, but as a whole the sport is pointless.  i really would rather watch softball.  
[handball?](http://centerholdsit.files.wordpress.com/2008/03/400x400_timhowardnew.jpg)

[footegg?](http://media.scout.com/media/image/48/487662.jpg)
i dont see the poll?
hockey is up and coming. the poll is most likely not reflective with it's current surge in popularity. in other words, the poll lags behind reality
can somebody explain why the game in orlando is starting at 9 pm local time?


probably so that people in la can watch it when they get home from work (ie, la is 3hrs behind fla, so if the game started any earlier in orlando, they'd lose a lot of laker's viewers)
depends on who answers the poll, etc.
bah, forget it man.  espn is the fox news of sportsdom.
look up free to air or fta.
you can get local channels and more throughout the whole continent.
i prefer handstickdimpledball myself.
sounds about right to me ;-)
right now, i think you have to do it this way:
roger federer is the best player ever*

*except on clay, where it's rafael nadal

prior to the steelers/seahawks superbowl (2005? 2006?), the nfl stopped a church from showing the game on their projectors.  that was what?  500 people?  the nhl definitely has lower ratings than the nfl (and frankly can't afford to do bad-pr things right now), but this isn't really all that unusual i think.
i heard a stat a little while ago (i don't know if still holds true, or if it ever was true) that the x games pull more viewers than the entire nhl postseason (or was it just the cup finals?).

i have also heard that they have serious financial issues (in the u.s., at least) due to low television and sponsorship revenues.

wikipedia seems to indicate some validity:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_hockey_league#united_states

also, if average attendance numbers mean anything, the [nhl](http://sports.espn.go.com/nhl/attendance?year=2008) barely ranks above the [mls](http://www.downthebyline.com/2008/11/2008-attendance.html).
up and coming? it's popularity has been flip flopping for years.

the nhl has existed since 1917, and it's average attendance barely ranks about the mls, which has only existed for a little over a decade.
you could say the same for grass though -- sampras had 7 wimbledons, etc...


absolutely! his wins on the court translates into political influence which affect me and the people around me.  second i root for whoever i damn choose to root for. aside from being a lakers fan, i will in no way support by any means the merging of church and state or people who believe its their duty to force religion down my throat.
i *seriously* doubt the accuracy of this poll.  there are a crapload of hockey fans around the us, especially in the northern states.
hockey is much, much better watching it live in person than on the tv, just like soccer and nascar.  so these sports tend to have harder "hardcore" fans and a smaller base.  doesn't make it any less viable of a sport, it just sucks for television.
i blame [jeremy jacobs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeremy_jacobs)...
count me in on the ass wipe crowd
pierre mcguire is definitely a giant ass wipe.
a 1.6 is pathetic.  that's worse than what larry king averages per night.

and that's 4 million plus or minus one million.  i work in tv news.  the ratings the public sees and the daily numbers we get are always way different.

i live in ohio, and while i was out the other night they had a hockey game on -- i was shocked (especially considering the nba finals were on).
it's really good as long as you mute it.

dear hockey fans,

no one but you cares about your weird little sport.
no hard feelings eh?
is posting every article from this site really needed?
in case that celebration footage confuses you, his favorite soccer team, montpellier, was promoted from the second division to ligue one in france.

http://www.soccerway.com/news/2009/may/29/montpellier-boulogne-promoted-to-french-ligue-1/


and i had no idea this guy was such a prankster:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r%c3%a9mi_gaillard

thank you for posting.
i hope so, he's tennis is a work of beauty. 
i don't have a solution for watching it in real-time for free, but all the cup final games are on a 48-hour delay via hulu.
so, take a 24-hr one-way hike, return, and hulu that sombitch!
couldn't you say that about any sport? nobody cares about the sport except for it's fans...makes sense to me.
try justin.tv, http://www.thepensforum.com/ or http://letsgowings.com/forums/
also try [http://myp2p.eu/competition.php?competitionid=&amp;part=sports&amp;discipline=icehockey](http://myp2p.eu/competition.php?competitionid=&amp;part=sports&amp;discipline=icehockey)
sure, mj was great, but getting a corporate logo tattooed on your leg seems rather low-brow.
i guess they figured that sandwiched between detroit and pittsburgh, someone would give a damn.

or are you near either toledo or youngstown?
it's on broadcast tv.  nbc.
true. let me put it in context though:
soccer: billions
baseball: easily 60 million
football: 100 million+
basketball: 500 million (lots of chinese watch it)
hockey: 80k+canada so 80,010

i do kid though. it is a badass sport, i just can't stand sitting around *watching* sports with other guys when we could be playing a sport.
i though amway sales people had to recruit new people?
downvoted becuase if we don't stop talking about him he isn't going to go away.
ustream.tv is awesome, and was blocked at my work after i watched three rounds of hockey playoffs live :(
http://www.hockeywebcasts.com/
you can watch any live sports event at http://www.atdhe.net/

edit: even the super bowl
edit: or the stanley cup
the nhl has more teams that sold out the season than the nba.  i call bull.
i agreed with the comment at the start of this thread and upvoted it. my problem was not that, but your ad hominem attack on 'blue america' in response to an individual situation.  
&gt; pathetic

just less pathetic than everything else on tv at the time, eh?
i guess that makes sense, outside of la viewers i don't know who else is watching.
since 2007, over the last 10 grand slams,

federer made the semis 10/10 times (100%), made the finals 9/10 times (90%). 

nadal made the semis 7/10 times (70%), made the finals 5/10 times (50%).

djokovic made the semis 6/10 times (60%), made the finals 2/10 times (20%).

federer is pretty much a lock to make it deep in slams every time.  he gives himself those chances to win.  nadal and djokovic are consistent by normal standards, but they don't make the final four every time like you say.  they do lose once in awhile, and roger just seems to always be around to pick up the pieces.  he shouldn't be punished for it when it happens.  he earns the right to enjoy that open draw by being so consistent.

yes, nadal's loss was a big upset seeing as it was on clay, but it's something he will have to learn to deal with over the span of his career.  his style of play that is so hard on his body will be the reason for his many wins, but it will also cost him once in awhile when his body gives out.  he is experiencing one of those moments now.  again, not federer's fault that nadal plays this way while he plays a smart game that encourages longevity.

finally, sure roger had del potro's number in the past, but that's more because federer has played well and del potro has been more of an up-and-comer.  it's not that del potro is a bad player. he played wonderfully at roland garros (including against roger), he is #5 in the world, and has already beaten rafa and murray this year.  he is no pushover.  a lot of the time it comes down to game-day and tournament form, and he was playing great, just like soderling was.  in soderling's last match against nadal, soderling lost 1-6 0-6, so previous match records don't always mean everything.
but this isn't an individual situation. remember [buyblue.org](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buyblue.org) and the "blue pages"?

then there's stuff like [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_proposition_8_\(2008\)):

&gt; on november 7, 2008, a blogger revealed that scott eckern, then artistic director of california musical theatre, made a personal donation of $1,000 to the "yes on 8" campaign. all campaign contributions of $1,000 or more required a name, home and occupation be listed. on november 10, gay artists called for a boycott of california musical theatre. an emergency session of the board of directors of cmt was scheduled to address the situation but was later canceled. on november 11, eckern issued an apology on the online site playbill that stated that a similar donation was made to a human rights organization that includes gay rights as one of its causes. on november 12, scott eckern resigned from california musical theatre. executive producer of the cmt richard lewis stated that eckern was not forced to resign but did so of his own accord.

remember when lefties were *against* blacklisting? i have a little bit of sympathy, because some of these folks feel deeply that their rights are being violated, but even so, boycotting someone's place of work because of a personal political donation is hardly the mark of a civil society. should every right-winger who thinks the stimulus package was a criminal waste of their hard-earned dollars scour opensecrets.org to find out who they should shun?
of course people on the left do things like that. where in my comments is anything that implies that don't? 

you wrote "welcome to blue america, where the personal is the political." the obvious implication of this is that the behavior is somehow unique to those on the left and something that we don't see from the right. let me simplify my response to that: it's a crock of shit.
hate and dislike are different animals.  

even the people who don't like kobe don't want the ball in his hands at the end of a 1 possession game.  that's respect.
i think one reason people don't get into hockey is that its something most people have never and will never play themselves.  i feel like most people watch the sports the grew up playing.  how many high schools in america even have a hockey team?  10 percent, maybe?  
rob scuderi saved fleury's ass a few times there in the third, whew! fleury did have an excellent breakaway save though.
one of the best stanley cup playoffs in recent memory.  my heart says pens take game 7, my head says detroit gets back-to-back cups.  either way, i hope it's a good game.  there really isn't anything better than good playoff hockey.
that's a slight problem for a telecast ;)  it isn't a radio show.
on a saturday night?  that's not difficult.
uh... that's the reason they paid for the rights to broadcast it in the first place, yes...?
hard to play a sport while drunk off your ass chilling with your buddies, or eating dinner, or in the car, or at work, or cleaning the house, or whatever else.  but i do agree with your point about the nhl's fanbase.
no problem as long as the neilsen people agree never to go to those things.  
that's not online.
this is one of those series where home ice is the major factor.  no team has lost at home and i think it stays that way.  wings take game 7.
the dumbest part is that they went out of their way (the nhl) to have two days off in between games. that put them in direct competition with the nba finals. 

to be honest, most people are going to chose nba. 
i'm from detroit, and the tension here is incredible. the finals were *almost* a repeat of last year.
i'm still not convinced the magic can come out of this series the victor, but here's to making history and staying hopeful.

also, [gasol](http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-lakers-magic10-2009jun10-pictures,0,1304070.photogallery?index=10) never fails to [disappoint](http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-lakers-magic10-2009jun10-pictures,0,1304070.photogallery?index=12) with the [facial expressions. ](http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-lakers-magic10-2009jun10-pictures,0,1304070.photogallery?index=9) maybe it's the hair
dear pittsburgh, even though i'm a thousand miles away, at every restaurant and bar i stop at there are hardcore penguins fans who would love nothing more than to see you rob the red wings of another notch on their dynasty.  love, colorado
get out of here, colorado. you're just terrible. one more season like the previous, and we'll move your team back to quebec.
20/20? what's all this then?
i guess it is speculative, but judging from rafa's history he almost always struggles in early rounds of the grand slam events (including rg) and then ratchets up the intensity progressively until it's at a fever pitch in the final. if robin had torn up the bottom half of the draw instead of the top, i firmly believe that he still would have come out nervous and flat like he did against roger and lost to rafa, probably in straight sets. but you are right, it's neither here nor there.

look, in 20 years all that people will remember is that federer won a career grand slam, so no reason to stress about roger's place in history; he is without a doubt one of the all time greats. 

however, in the short term, people like myself who follow the atp tour from week to week,from tournament to tournament, who know the players and their struggles, can't help but recognize that roger was very fortunate to have won this roland garros. so many things fell into place to help him along. i'm not trying to diminish his win out of some kind of malice, but i just can't see it any other way. 

the reason i even bring it up is because people have started with the goat thing again as if this fortnight has suddenly changed everything - but my opinion on that matter has not changed at all because of this victory.
not a very sophisticated argument. 
adjust those statistics to rg and you'll find that before 2009 rafa is at 100% and 100%. roger was very fortunate not to face him. 

soderling was playing out of his mind up until the final, but due to typical first timer nervousness, in the final he reverted to his regular form - a form which netted him the 28 ranking in the world and 9 straight defeats against federer. again roger was very fortunate.

my loat comment is an exaggeration, obviously, (as is the goat comment, in my opinion) but i would have to be obtuse not to see that a series of fortunate events occurred that smoothed the road to this victory for roger. i'm not blaming him, he could only play who was in front of him. but i'm not going to crown him goat after beating a series of mediocre players (in relative terms of course!! they are all great) to win the crown. 
well i follow the atp tour pretty closely and i can say without a doubt that leading up to rg, dojokovic was playing the best clay court tennis other than nadal. he appears to have peaked in madrid, which is a shame. recent h2h against roger clearly shows that their rivalry has reached a tipping point in novak's favor. and it's not really just the h2h it's the way that roger has lost to novak, the intense frustration, the breaking of the racquet...

as far as nadal, i don't think he's going to struggle too much with this loss. everything i've read about him or heard him say seems to point to an almost zen-like acceptance of his fate, whether it be good or bad. remember this is me saying roger is fortunate, nadal has nothing to do with my statements.

by the way, it's odd that you see 6 grand slam finals and something like 14 masters shields at age 23 as "flashes" of greatness. i mean, he's won a gs on every surface. surely he's shown that he is simply "great"? 
it really was a bad year.  but at least we were able to take 3 out of 4 from detroit, including both games in "hockeytown".  and we beat the penguins too in our only matchup this year!  it's like rock-paper-scissors, where the avs can beat pittsburgh and detroit, you guys can beat everyone else, and everyone else can beat us.
i guess articles on cricket should not be fun either.
i don't think nadal will struggle too much with this loss either.  i don't think it's mental whatsoever.  i'm saying it's physical.  i stand by my "flashes" of greatness comment.  in track and field terms nadal would be the 100m sprint champion.  he came out of the gate fast, winning roland garros in his first try and almost everything else in sight, but his body can only hold out for so long.  if he learns to take breaks between his sprints he will continue to win tournaments, but he will have trouble if he keeps going the way he has the past couple years.  right now with his knees breaking down on him, he is probably realizing he can't run a marathon schedule at full speed year after year.  that it happened at his biggest tournament is a shame, but it's no surprise it happened, especially seeing as how he seemed to struggle in madrid.  just because rafa doesn't seem to be smart about his playing schedule doesn't make roger lucky.

as for novak, i agree he would have given roger a good run, yes he was playing good clay tennis, but from what i've seen of him i wouldn't call him immune to upsets.  to me he still seems mentally fragile and doesn't have the same drive as nadal or federer to win or grind out a tough match when he's having a bad day.  maybe he was tired too, who knows?  he's already played 48 matches this year (nadal 49, federer 39) so that's a possibility too.
when you've made the semis at the grand slams the last 21 of 22 times, and the finals the last 18 of 22 times, chances are that once in awhile he will face an open draw.  he earned that draw.  rafa and novak are consistent, but they can't match federer in that respect.  sooner or later something like this was bound to happen.

also, over the years of watching roger play, i find it staggering the amount of players he's faced who were playing "out of their mind" and having the "tournament of their life" until running up against him and somehow being brought back to earth.  as somebody else mentioned here, it's hard to say it's luck when it happens every time.  give roger a bit more credit.  did you ever think that it's roger's style of play that brings these opponents back to earth?  after the soderling match, roger said for preparation he watched tapes of soderling's wins and was able to adjust to keep him from playing his game.  we're talking about a guy that has a skillset larger than anyone else on the tour, and is able to win consistently without a coach telling him how he should play.  federer knows how to adapt.  he knows how to keep players off their game.  he knows how to adjust mid match if one of his weapons is not working.  that deserves some credit.
seconded.  we didn't even make the playoffs.  go billy guerin.

love, dallas
i haven't watched hockey in quite some time, my first thought was, *wow*, that guy is still playing? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theoren_fleury
that stadium is so silly.  it makes decent players look unstoppable.
you suck.  face it.
&gt;milton bradley's missed time with injury as we knew he would, but even when he's played, he's been awful at the plate. nobod could've seen that coming.

milton bradley also is someone who says that he hates playing every day during a contract year because his [numbers will suck](http://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/index.php/the-bradley-comment).  he's a piece of shit, and any production you get out of him, in my opinion, is a bonus.  recall that he hit well last year in the sandbox that is rangers ballpark.  recall his superior lineup protection.  note that his batting average last season was nearly 50 points above his career average, his ops more than 100 points higher than his average.

i don't mind the rest of the points in the blog, but bradley is a $26 million bust.

edit: oh, i think that soriano is better than ramirez as their best hitter.  just my opinion though.  definitely soto will bounce back, though.  and also it's not mentioned but they're winning in part due to good pitching performances (not by harden, but really, you expected more than 15 games out of him?).  lily's doin great, dempster's doing a hair better than normal, zambrano's not hurt yet.
i agree to an extent. the first 20twenty game i went to see was sa's runaway victory over the windies a couple of years back, and i was disappointed with the fact that it was over so fast.

one of the things i've always liked about cricket is spending a day with your friends with a game going on. odi's are just the right length to get roasted, have a party at the stadium, and sober up to watch the important finish.

i think everyone's just too add these days to enjoy the test matches these days. who has the time to pay close attention to the match?

although i hate to admit it though, the poster does make some sense, in that t20 does kinda dilute cricket's form. people just slogging at every ball gets tired after a while. i enjoy the tactics in bigger games more.
is this the game malkin serves his one game suspension, or was that earlier?
and philippe boucher.  
love, dallas.
awesome.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marc-andre_fleury
the officiating during that game was horrid. almost as bad as the blackhawks-wings series.
game 7's tend to throw everything like that out the window. i'd be shocked if its a repeat of game five, and think both teams have a legitimate chance of winning this.
all kinds of awesome!
seems to be a common skill amongst nbaers.
hitting shots, acting, passing.
the coaches will put him on for that feel good story of the year.
your heart talks?  
and as usual lately, jackson immediately cry's to the media that the refs are missing calls left and right.

stay classy jackson.


yeah, i figured that out when i clicked the link.
he hit one out at citi field yesterday and that park does not give up cheap shots.
soriano is better than ramirez? lol. 
the park is fine for gaps hitters.  it's just center field which is crazy.  {335-l, 379-lc, 408-c, 383-rc, 330-r}.  the home run totals just appear lower because wright isn't hitting them anymore for whatever reason anywhere, delgado and reyes are on the dl, and most of the rest of the mets are aa scrubs.  also, he's having a really hot first half, but you cannot expect this production to persist, especially for a later-years hitter with numbers that suggest regression.  i mean, he has a 20% hr/fb ratio this season.  his career hr/fb ratio is 9.5%.  his go/ao rate is much higher than it should be as a result also.  he's either super lucky or he's in a lego sized ballpark, or both.  not to mention the superior lineup protection.

that being said, i still voted him for allstar selection before this post because i think he's more deserving than most of the other candidates out there, at least up until now.  we'll see what happens second half, though.

&gt; the obvious implication of this is that the behavior is somehow unique to those on the left and something that we don't see from the right. let me simplify my response to that: it's a crock of shit.

it's nice that you think so, but you still haven't provided any examples of mainstream right wingers on a par with a left wing *nation* writer telling their readers they should boycott a person, team or business because of their political views.

the closest analogy i can come up with are the calls for musical performers to "shut up and sing" rather than rant on how much bush sucks from the stage. but that's not at all the same thing.
only in morse code
is he wrong? how can you miss a fucking double dribble in professional basketball? the referee is literally right there.
why is this in /sports?
it's funny to me that tiger fans would blame pierzynski for willis being crap.  
it's not that he's wrong. its that he is whining. and he only whine's when he loses.

 other coaches bite their lip under the same circumstances. jackson, he cries to the media.


you don't see him complain when when kobe trips over his own feet, never touches the defender, and still gets the foul. 

that's ok right?

you cant have it both ways.
he needs to shut up.

exactly.
&gt; game 7's tend to throw everything like that out the window.

in 14 cup finals game 7's the home team is 12-2. carolina in 2006, tampa bay in 2004, new jersey in 2003, colorado in 2001, new york rangers in 1994, edmonton in 1987, montreal in 1965, toronto in 1964, detroit in 1955 and 1954 and 1950, toronto in 1942, all won on home ice.

the last road game 7 winner was montreal in 1971 at chicago. the only other road game 7 winner is toronto in 1945.
i did enjoy your team's visit to raleigh this year, though. ;]
since it is highly unlikely that orlando will shoot 62.5% 4 games out of 7 and more unlikely that kobe bryant shoots 55% from the free throw line again i'm inclined to say orlando is screwed since they only won this by 4. 
i'm actually surprised 4chan hasn't gamed the all-star voting for sporting events before.  

imagine an all-star team of borderline minor-leaguers.  
the once proud franchise, has become a cartoon itself.  get rid of angelos!
there's a number of reasons he has all of those rings.  his working of the referees is one of them.
if you have to have the kind of shooting night that they had to barely eke out a win, chances are you won't be winning the series.
woah. i didn't know that. maybe home ice does matter =p
still nothing beats shaq's famous "i don't know, we went to lots of clubs" when asked if he'd been to the parthenon while at the athens olympics.
although you're probably right, don't forget that game 2 could have easily swung in orlando's favor, even though their shooting was only 40% or so. there's more to the game than fg percentage, which is why la is so dangerous
how do you figure? there were a couple of non-calls both ways on mild plays. for the love of god, don't let ed olczyk tell you what should be a penalty. if that were the case, the wings would have a game-long power play.
complaining about the officials in hockey is lame.  if they called everything on the ice, it'd be a non-stop pp. 
somehow i don't think the typical 4chan manchild has any interest in sports.
20twenty i think has more mass appeal. for the strategic purist, however, you are ruining the game, taking away a lot of the finer elements. i can see both sides, hence, you have both test matches and 20twenty matches.
i'm mainly referring to the shove of franzen into fleury where franzen got the goalie interference call and no other penalties were given.
yea, there was no doubt about that. however, there was a similar non-call going the other way in one of the previous games.
he played in a giant park in seattle, with a weak lineup.  now he has a smaller park, and is part of a really potent lineup.  so, he is probably seeing the best pitches of his career.  utley, howard, rollins, you have to pitch to ibanez.  all that said?  he has played his ass off, and carried the team in april.  they'd have been buried early if not for him.  and yea.. it's a nice story!  37 y.o. starter for the first time....
guess you forgot about game 5 when kunitz was shoved into ozgood and goalie interference was called there too or are you going to say you don't recall that?
i don't recall that.
the officiating last night was one of the very few balanced games so far in these finals.  they let them play.  if you want to complain about bad refs, refer to game 5.  twelve penalties resulting in 9 power play opportunities is a joke and it results in the refs deciding the game.
fuck the phillies
wonder if his suspension will be over in time for him to ref game 7.
ohhhhh, *that's* why you don't get in bed with the mob....
if he does, he'll be doing it from a wheelchair. =)
yeah.  4channers [would never spam a poll](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8erbvofvqw) of anything sports related, let alone baseball.
i never said it would be a repeat of game #5.  as stated below, home ice matters.  
uhh....what?
did you even watch the game? if you're going to whine and cry about the reffing, at least get the facts straight. franzen was not pushed into fleury; it was zetterberg who got the goalie interference penalty.
more and better touches for howard: check

better shooting from the magic: big check

lakers sweep of the magic: oh yeah thats right...

it was closer than i thought it would be though. the lakers didnt get complacent like i thought they would. and they will probably win the next game, like i said earlier. magic will fight hard when faced with their first elimination game and pull out game 5 but wont be able to keep up the intensity in game six away. watch: lakers in 6
i've never understood this. hockey is the only sport in which the rules change as the games become more important. almost every single play in these cup finals, there has been some kind of interference, hooking, or holding that would have resulted in a penalty in a regular season game.

any time the puck is dumped, the defensemen stand up the attackers at the blue line. any play behind the net, the defensive team has at least one player grab a forward with his free hand.

none of this happens during the regular season because it's all against the rules. people go to the box for doing that stuff. for some reason, in the cup finals, the game is much different than what we saw in the regular season.

this would be like umpires not calling third strikes in the world series, nba officials not calling personal fouls during the championship, or nfl referees allowing pass interference in the super bowl because they want to "let the players play."
yup, they had a higher gear.  record-breaking, in fact.  i would never have expected kobe to miss that many free throws, though.  and if he hadn't, lakers would be up 3-0.  this will definitely be fun to watch.
it was very entertaining
good n ight sweet heart well it's time to goooo...
ok. i don't get #33. (also, 50 and 51 seemed to be the same cartoon, and 52 and 53 seemed to be the same cartoon.)
here's the fix:
orlando shoots the best percentage in playoff history and only wins by five. meaning? lakers in five.
nfl refs do let more things go in the super bowl. you don't see as many holding calls in the playoffs as regular/pre season
life lessons.  why not start early?
the us hates hockey the only people that like it are people who live in states that actually get snow. we should honestly pull all teams out of the southern states and just relocate them to canada where people actually care
i've been actively following football since about 1995, and i haven't really noticed any difference in the officiating during the super bowl as opposed to the regular season.

even if there is a little more holding on the line, it can probably just be chalked up to referees not wanting to change the game with an iffy call. it doesn't change the game dramatically and it's pretty understandable.

in the nhl, the referees actively call the rules differently in the playoffs than they do in the regular season.

watch hal gill every time the puck is dumped behind him (just as an example; it's not like he's the only one doing it). he will very blatantly stand up forwards at the blue line for 2-3 seconds when they're not within 20 feet of the puck. in the regular season, that's automatic interference, but in the finals, it's perfectly acceptable. it's not like those non-calls are a case of the refs not wanting to blow it. those non-calls are the result of a conscious decision to call the game differently.
they have to use steroids to win?
you know... the one that he's required to serve by rule.
wow, way to bring up an old argument.  you mean the same suspension that about 15 other players were also supposed to spend but only 2 actually did this post season?  

whine, whine, sniffle, sniffle...
also the pens were also only the 2nd team to win game 6 in the situation they were in in 21 attempts, with the team on the wings side having 13 straight wins.  stats like those are only good for building drama and have no real world use in game 7s.
that's great, i just caught up on their whole season, but without all the heartache of actually being a mega-fan and having to watch all those losses.

&gt; you cant have it both ways

it's called working the refs.  all good coaches do it. and with 9 rings he can have it any way he wants apparently. 
i think i'm missing something, could you clarify?
&gt; the situation they were in

can you explain? to me the 'situation' was being down 3 games to 2, and since there have been 14 game 7's it seems that 14 teams therefore have been able to win in "the situation they were in" compared to the 18 series which ended 4-2. 14-18 seems pretty even.

maybe you mean being down 3 games to 2 *at home* which does seem to have gone badly for the home team recently: pittsburgh last year, dallas in 2000, buffalo in 1999, minnesota in 1991, montreal in 1989. but edmonton won game 6 at home facing elimination in 2006, anaheim did so in 2003, vancouver in 1994, philadelphia in 1987, so already i'm well out of possibility for being the "2nd team to win game 6 in the situation they were in."

heh, i'm probably missing something obvious...
many times this post season players have done things that by rule should have gotten them suspended. some, like carcillo, were suspended.  others, like ovechkin and malkin for example,  were not.  a good deal more weren't than were.  in my mind that's good anyways because the rules are dumb and are too much in the direction of "the wimpification of hockey" if you listen to mike millsbury. 

in the end all it does is give the opposing teams' fans more reason to whine or gloat. 
okay, what did malkin do that he shouldve been suspended for?
in a series (does not clarify sc finals) where the home team (meaning with home ice advantage) has won game 5 to go up 3-2 they had gone on to win 13 straight game 6s and 19 out of 20.  got it off of fsn but, didn't factually check.  just repeated.

more of what my point is though was this:  these stats that sports pages throw out don't tell the whole story 90% of the time and really can be considered meaningless heading into this game 7. 
fought zetterberg at the end of game 2 (clearly as the instigator). i guess some might cry about the elbow in game 5 as well. 
the difference is that determining intent to injure (as was the case with the other examples you gave) is subjective. the fact that malkin instigated a fight in the final 5 minutes of a game, which is penalized by a 1 game suspension, is not. he should've been suspended, end of story.
maybe but the nhl said no suspension so whining about it here will do nothing for you. 
&gt; in a series (does not clarify sc finals) where the home team (meaning with home ice advantage) has won game 5 to go up 3-2 they had gone on to win 13 straight game 6s and 19 out of 20.

interesting. definitely not in the sc finals. in the 2003 cup finals, the home team won every game, much like this series so far.

&gt; meaningless

certainly agree it doesn't give them any kind of serious edge, but having game 7 at home:

1. generally reflects the superior team over the course of the regular season (particularly in the case of series leading up to the cup finals where teams have more similar schedules being from the same conference)
2. affords the home team last change (i.e. zetterberg and lidstrom on crosby 24/7) and a supportive crowd
oh yeah, having the game at home is big but, just because they've won 99 in a row (sarcasm) doesn't mean you can count out a team containing malkin and crosby.  the wings, at home, have an edge and that is not really debatable but, all the stats in the world won't account for a superstar going nuts in a game. 
that's your argument? you're arguing that, since the nhl blatantly ignored one of their rules during a very clear-cut case because a star was involved rather than a role player, then there is no issue? wow.
no. my argument is that the rule should not be there in the first place, and always has been. 

my argument also exists of a reality based segment in  that the reality of the situation is that nothing was done and you can sit here and shout until your nuts fall off over it and, in reality, nothing will change this year.   i've seen many sports teams i love get screwed royally, if i didn't eventually let it go i'd probably be in a tower shooting people it happens so often.  you have to let it go, unless you know the commissioner or an owner who can change something or are that dedicated to it to start an online campaign and collect names and present it to someone. also it is the reality of sports.  stars sell and the main goal of those in charge is to make money so they are reluctant to punish stars.  it's the same many sports ie, in basketball, how many times was lebron james called for walking vs. how  many times he actually did it?  is there a rule more defined than walking? i mean it's 2 full steps...

i'm sure in your mind if the pens win friday the series is tainted but, no more so than when the pats won because of a horrible tuck rule or any of the other hundreds of sporting events i can waste my time typing here that have had rules bent or bad calls, etc. 
except the tuck rule call was called correctly. then the rule was changed because it was a dumb rule. for that analogy to apply to this situation, malkin would have to be suspended one game, and then the rule would have to be removed after the playoffs were over (except, in actuality, the tuck rule existed for one full season after the pats/raiders game).
as someone with no skin in this particular series, i'm just hoping for an exciting game. hopefully tied and 1 goal leads being exchanged -- the first game 7 finals overtime since **1954** would be epic. (the wings beat montreal at detroit olympia.)
re-read the edit. this is the end of my discussion on this as per paragraph 2 of it because as you can tell i don't really give two hoots. 

i know it was called correctly and fixed the typo prior to reading what you posted, and i can downvote you as well. 

btw, when do the pens get 2 penalty shots from zetterberg putting his hand on the puck in the crease?
so flatlining is a dash?
i hate to break up this argument, but the rule clearly states that the player is to be suspended *pending a review from the league.* it's not automatic. colin campbell reviewed the play and decided that a suspension wasn't necessary.
` `

` `
rule 47.22:
&gt;a player who is deemed to be the instigator of an altercation in the final five minutes or at any time in overtime shall be suspended for one game, pending a review of the incident. the director of hockey operations will review every such incident and may rescind the suspension based on a number of criteria. the criteria for the review shall include, but not be limited to, the score, previous incidents, etc. ...
&gt;even if there is a little more holding on the line, it can probably just be chalked up to referees not wanting to change the game with an iffy call. it doesn't change the game dramatically and it's pretty understandable.

what?  a single holding call can make or break a game.  it's the exact same situation you just described in the nhl.
of course you don't.
cool, thanks for the info. winner winner chicken dinner for unshifted.  i should have just looked up the rule instead of wasting my time here. 
gg, you win
the new yankees stadium is sillier.  i think that is how baseball will make up for steroids leaving the game...smaller parks!
however, malkin's jersey wasn't strapped down during the fight, which also carries with it a game misconduct by rule. two game misconducts in one game equals a one game suspension by rule. no way around that one.
not even close to toledo, about an hour away from youngstown. i didn't even think of that, seeing as everyone in youngstown loves the pittsburgh sports teams.
hark...i see a wings fan!  give the pens the penalty shots first, then let's discuss what happened after they should have occurred. 

i heard somewhere too that hines ward sock fell down for 2 plays in a playoff game. forfeit!  hehe..j/j
hey edzo, nice to meet you.
caps fan, actually. which is an even better explanation for the pens hate.
pics? where?
true that. pens fan here, if you couldn't tell. 
and they only had to play completely dirty in the super bowl to get them!

i'm sorry, life as a browns fan is not easy.
i think one thing we can agree on is that we need the patrick division back, now.
yes. i agree 100% on that. 
i never said that a missed call can't change a game. that's definitely the case in every sport. i'm arguing that the nhl refs do it very consciously and actively, to a point that it makes the game almost unrecognizable.

what nfl referees do is try to avoid making *bad* calls. what nhl referees are doing is throwing the rulebook out the window.

it's not like hal gill is turning around and skating in the path of forwards who are going toward the puck (which would also be interference in the regular season, depending on whether or not the refs thought it was intentional). he stops, puts his hands into an opposing player's chest and physically holds him up until that player manages to get around him.

if nfl refs changed the way they called the game to the degree to which nhl officials do it, every offensive lineman would haul down a defender on every single play in the super bowl.
whaaaaaaaaaaaat?

being a steelers fan, i'd certainly appreciate it if you backed up such hogwash libel.
i guess so. that means his heart can only use 'e', 'h', 'i', and 's'. then it has to end with an 'a', 'u', or 'v'. what can we spell?
&gt;what nfl referees do is try to avoid making bad calls. what nhl referees are doing is throwing the rulebook out the window.

a non-call of a legitimate penalty is a bad call.  i don't really see the difference.

the nhl make take it a little further, granted, but it's the same kind of thing.
you're not in jail either.
malkin only got a 10 minute misconduct for the instigator penalty (in accordance with the rule), and he wasn't penalized for not tying down his jersey. i'm not sure if that was an oversight by the refs or if he actually did have his jersey tied down; i don't remember the fight all that clearly. either way, he didn't get a game misconduct for it, and even if he had, that would have been the only one.
i think an nfl ref's intentions are a bit purer. it seems that they don't want to make calls unless they're *sure* of what they saw. in that way, a lot of the lesser stuff goes unpunished, but the rules remains the same.

all in all, i can agree with you. a missed call is a missed call, but the nhl takes it to an insane degree.
the old one was pretty bad also, and the rate of home runs have somewhat decreased since april (since wang went on the dl!), so the number is inflated.  also, the yankees' division is undoubtedly the strongest hitting division in all of baseball.

also note that the phillies' park is the worst homer park in the nl.

http://www.hittrackeronline.com/stadiums.php

basically, it's a lot of hype that yankees stadium is made for homers, and depends on the weather more than the dimensions of the park.
i figured mike conley could do better but with the recession maybe his millions don't stretch as far with the chicks as back in the good days (2001-2007).
with how much better playoff hockey is than the regular season, the real question might be why they don't call things this way before the playoffs?  that would make more sense.
no, she is not *literally* a gold digger. that would mean she is literally digging for literal gold.
it's because they want to draw in casual fans. they tightened the rules to increase scoring so that more people would get interested. their reasoning is that hockey fans like defensive, tactical hockey, whereas casual fans like goal scoring.

ironically, now that the game is on its biggest stage, they're calling almost no penalties and the game has slowed to a crawl because of it. no one ever said the league is smart.
man i grew up in dc, before the nats...the o's will always be my baseball team...but that's baseball, which is by far my least favorite of the sports. which is good, because dammit i would be so downtrodden as a dedicated o's fan these days.

luckily, my favorite sport is hockey. and i'm a pens fan, go pens.
you need to accept the fact that "literally" has simply come to mean, "i am not exaggerating as greatly as i normally do".  that literally needs to happen.
long-suffering orioles fan here.  these cartoons are the only vaguely cool thing about the baltimore sun's news section lately.
i have sworn an oath on ripken's holy glove that i will never attend, watch or listen to another orioles game as long as peter angelos owns the team.

who's with me?
yeah, a gold miner/prospector girlfriend would be interesting.  as it is, she's just another money-seeking missile.
it's rock paper scissors, man!
the gal in the middle in pic #11 is way cuter.
this is not news

all this tells me is that all those other schools wouldn't give him the starting role.
michael vick possesses the following pedigree: 

1. nice rap sheet

2. wildly inconsistent player who does not live up to his potential.

3. puts butts in seats

4. sells jerseys

5. once gave a woman herpes and used the exciting nickname "ron mexico."

logically, he is al davis' dream player.  

no, no i do not need to accept that. if the folks writing the dictionary ever decide to add that definition to "literally," i'll be okay with it. in the meantime, i'm right and noletrain is wrong. literally.
he probably won't be receiving the starting role at uw either. jake locker is the golden boy over here. it'd be hard to take him out of the starting role, even though he is terrible at passing. it's really a mystery why he would come here...
the kid hasn't even finished high school yet.  i think jake will be at least a junior this year so that would end up a perfect transition for a red-shirted montana.
i wouldn't mind going to a division i 0-12 school.  no matter how bad you play you can't do any worse, right?
oops, must have missed that. high school class of 2010. 
i hope andrei isn't using the 1 "freebie" each year his wive gives him for this...
go hanley, go marlins! 

\
tyson wanna be! 
but if they really wanted to accomplish that they'd go with the international rules and the bigger rink, which is much better hockey. 

with enough room to work there's less opportunity for contact.  it makes hockey bad ass and you don't have to artificially get rid of that stuff with strict rules. 
that is what i was thinking.
well, maybe he thought he was being confused with [richard ramirez](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_ramirez). 
wait, do you mean the rule that explicitly leaves room for league review to determine the whether the suspension should stand?
it's not like notre dame is *that* much better right now :)
i got up to where they swept the blue jays and couldn't go any further.
i used to check out his cartoons in the old baseball weekly when i was a kid. great, great memories. 
i don't believe that what you have said is true.  he is currently ranked 13th nationwide (at least, that's what i have been told) and he is going to a powerhouse hs, so i think if he went to most universities in the us that he would probably be a starter because he will have the talent and experience necessary to perform at the ncaa level.

now, steve sarkisian is probably one of the best qb coaches out there right now, and i think that montana is looking for a school with a coaching staff which is going to help him develop.  

in addition, one of the major reasons uw poached sarkisian from usc was for his recruiting clout, so i think some other big name recruits will be going to uw in the coming years.

so, anyway, i don't see it as that crazy of a decision.
ha, at least you have a sick ball park
&gt;but sarkisian wrote on his twitter page late tuesday, “the dawgs are barking loud tonight!!!”


i'm pretty sure there were just ambulances driving by
holy hell. we are getting old, gentlemen.
basketball is one of the easiest drafts to mock yet this is by far one of the worst ive seen in a while. first james harden to memphis. come on do they need another shooting guard, they already have oj mayo. if anything they will draft ricky rubio at 2, his upside is to high not to pass. 
apparently neither could the o's :(

man i wish they'd turn it around one year.
because that would be a good situation going in.  ndu has a kooky delusional following that even goes into the broadcast booth.  

you remember how the miami hurricanes initially got to be known as thugs?  they crushed nd in 1985 on national tv to leap iowa to get into the nc game.  

but they also represent the us's #1 religion and one of its largest ethnicities.  
that's one hell of an ego for a kid who's not even done high school.
having the worst team automatically get the first pick is a disaster.

it creates a huge incentive for teams who know they will not make the playoffs to just intentionally lose games and try to get last place.

the system they have now makes sense
i grew up reading the baseball weekly. one of the reasons i got my first job was so i could get money for a new baseball glove and to buy the weekly every week instead of just looking at it in the store. then i could cut out all the pictures and stories of great plays and great players and add them to my baseball albums.

i still remember the black day when they got bought out and turned into a generic football/baseball "sports weekly" rag thin on content and long on ads. i was very sad :(
eat a hot dog???
lol that definitely got a rise out of me
sick burn.
i would have been less generous to argentina. also, there would have been poop.
question: 
why are a lot of these freshman so high up in the drafts? i feel like they are riding the coattails of their high school performances. if you look at their stats, they are not so great in college. 
better response!
is that a toe strap in the main pic?  i sure hope not.
it's funny, i just got this [image](http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v610/sniper888/prick.jpg) sent to me by e-mail from my brother who is a diehard manchester fan.




it was obvious he was going to leave, for example last year he never gave a clear statement as to his allegiance until the end of the transfer window when it was obvious that real was not offering him the right contract. he's always wanted to play for real, and it only makes sense he'll join them after being a titwank during the barcelona game. 


he seems like the sort of player that needs discipline and in terms of that, there is no one better than alex ferguson. which is why i don't think this would be a great move for him, i could be wrong. 
fail
translation of second ad's footer:

"it wasn't the first time. neither would be the last one. brasil 3 x 1 argentina"
argentines are douches. they think their shit don't stink.
[ronaldo leaves united](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rsqg1dnwiy).
hey! i'm argentinian and i feel offended by your comment. i recognize that the capital city people has a bad reputation for being too proud, but it's not all the city and certainly not all the country.

i guess that you are from a neighbor country
wow, kaka and now ronaldo, madrid is up for some shit next year.
best club in the world? i think you mixed it with barcelona.
i guess that you are from a neighbor country

how is that not a douchey thing to say? 'oh he's not an argentine, so he clearly must be jealous of our country'. way to prove my point. no, i'm not from a neighboring country. i'm mexican and live in the us.
still no serious core centre midfield. their key players were never the likes of ronaldo and figo but makelele who did 99% of the work to give the glory boys the opportunity to score goals.

unless they do somebody about this then they will still be behind all four english teams and barcelona. it will improve them though, they looked like rank amateurs against liverpool so can hardly get worse.
not funny video.
i wish they would stop saying deserve.

he fed [beagle puppies](http://www.pupsforsale.net/beagle_puppies_01_for_sale.jpg) to [pit bulls](http://c2.api.ning.com/files/ytgz6m1lq6bduqvo5bayrwxxlwzo2cjvtbmbiv80l8qksiv6p5ajzr9rds9e26crb8nnsh4h53bl9isbwjvh*ckin6r9h-fo/pitbull2.jpg)

what he deserves is to be taken being the barn and shot in the fucking head. if he is let back into the league i hope that he is paralyzed from a late hit from a dog owner.  

he does not "deserve" anything. playing in the nfl is not a "right." its a privilege. a privilege that hopefully will be permanently revoked from that cocksucking fuck.

the only reason i'm bothered by this is because i am a beagle owner and an nfl fan. when i heard the report of him feeding beagle puppies to the pitbulls to 'fire them up' i knew i never wanted to see him in uniform again making that kind of salary. you don't deserve to be a millionaire after you do this kind of shit. thats what he will be if you put him back in the nfl.
i was immediately skeptical when brown got the coach of the year award--my suspicions were confirmed when he had no discernible answer to the magic.
i like the decision. maybe it'll help washington bring in more high-profile recruits if they know they'll be playing with joe montana's kid. 
that settles that then.
meh. that's what man city thought before the start of the season and they still ended up 10th in the league. also look at how well chelsea did the year they signed ballack and shevchenko.

big name signings may sell jerseys, but they rarely win titles.
every time the least little thing didn't go his way ronaldo would stoke the press about how he wasn't sure if he was staying for the next season. yeah, he's damn good on the field, but he's far too much of a whiny little bitch to build a team around.
wow, you have a lot of hate... i was saying that just because, as you know, that's something people from other countries near us may think. 

chill out, btw mexico is a beautiful place, i have a couple of friends there and i would love to visit sometime
i have alot of hate? that sounds like an ad hominem attack. nah, just kidding. really, more than anything, i'm bored at work and figured i'd stir shit up. 
does anyone know the parody origin of this?  the first time i saw it was about the chicago cubs about four months ago, but i have seen it so many times since i figure it has to have started elsewhere.
as a manchester united supporter, i will sorely miss his play on the field.  as a fan of football, i have always wanted to root against this guy...wish granted.
and how is real financing this ridiculous shopping  rage?
yeah, apparently losing uefa finals and losing 0-4 at home make you "without a doubt the best club in the world."
www.realmadrid911truth.com
1. they have a lot of capital.
2. they are probably by and large the biggest club around the world in terms of recognition/shirt sales/advertising deals. for example, beckham's transfer fee was recouped in under a month from his shirt sales alone
3. winning competitions brings money.
what sport are we talking about here?
l. diarra is a pretty good midfield anchor...or if m. diarra ever recovers from injury.
there aren't many dominant defensive mids in the game now - can you think of more than a handful that would be better? i'm not talking about workhorse dm's like toulalan and mascherano who use positioning to intercept and break up play - i'm talking about the physical dominant midfield enforcer like makelele or vieira. 
i guess those are lips
winning the champions league etc. won't even pay for kaka or ronaldo. how can t-shirt sales or sponsors get them back the 200 million they spend on new players? i thought this was a recession and spain is supposed to be in big trouble right now...
[inappropriate use of jpg alert!](http://treebeard31.files.wordpress.com/2008/01/fe-blu.jpg)

someone sound the alarm!
basketball
i still don't like duke, but it was a cool article.
they probably reacted poorly because the fucking book outing a-rod had allegations that he was pitch tipping.  he admitted to steroids, and the sports writer going after that is clearly just a cheap jab.

surprising that the person who wrote that blog didn't know that.
definitely for baseball, return on farmed players is nearly twice than that of return on traded or signed players.  [ross ohlendorf](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/o/ohlenro01.shtml) did his [thesis in informatics](http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/columns/story?columnist=kurkjian_tim&amp;id=4230662) using sabermetrics on this.  i am sure this applies to other sports as well.
you are laughing now, but who wants to bet that in the next decade or so teams will find a way to make big money from something like this?
ronaldo should do well in la liga, seeings how he spends most of the time writhing "in pain" and the refs call every bit of soft contact in that league.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/8094864.stm
how about courts made of clear material and seats under the court looking up at the action? 
as a chelsea fan i'm cheering this move!
interesting. the question is whether they'll still get money like the 762m in 2007 or if they can compete with barca. 

i've hated real since i saw a report on tv how they got rid of their debt about 10 years ago. the city bought their old training ground and gave them a new one. 
rondo work ethic? supposedly the c's are looking to ship his scrawny ass out of town because he's a punk. 
that second paragraph suffers from repeat violations.
lets trade: if i don't have to explain myself, i'll tell the browns to let the steelers win both games next season.

...
dana white is a douche bag.
they are after xavi alonso for that position, and they'll probably sign villa soon too. that's just too much money, obscene.
sorry, but i'm not buying it. soderling came out sluggish of feet (i remember wilander commenting in the first set that he thought robin had something wrong with his leg) and tight of swing, no where near the loose and aggressive player he was in the preceding rounds. it had nothing to do with roger's style of play. unless roger was doing some jedi mind trick to make robin tight, i have to conclude that it was robin being nervous, rather than roger doing something amazing. roger played well, of course, but robin played like robin before rg.

for the 100th time, roger is one of the all time greats, but he was damn lucky to have avoided the best players in this rg.
this is straight from robin's mouth after the federer loss.  with the versatility in roger's game, and the brains to back it up, i would bet money that dozens of other players feel the same way.

q. you mentioned already probably you lost today against the best player of all‑time. when you went into this match, what was different than when you were playing it? i mean, in the way of what you wanted to do and what you couldn't do out there.

robin soderling: you know, i think the match ‑‑ the match was what i expected. you know, i played roger so he many times, so i know his game now. but, you know, i think i didn't play aggressive enough.

but it's always ‑‑ you know, every time i played roger, after the match i always said, i played so bad today. **now i learned that it's not that i played bad, he makes me play bad. so that's what's so difficult playing against him.**

q. obviously you beat rafa, then you got to beat by roger, and all of us have been sort of consumed by the idea that rafa has taken roger apart a lot lately ‑ except of clay recently ‑ but in majors. what is the difference for you between them when you face them on court?

robin soderling: they're both great players, of course, but they have different game styles. **you know i think roger's game doesn't suit my game at all. he doesn't allow me to be aggressive. he always had me on the run today.**

**with rafa, it's different. it's easier to be aggressive, you know. in all my matches against rafa i think i dictated the game, i dictated the play.**

**but against roger, for me, it's been so far impossible to do that.**
yeah, i'm afraid that rafa and his team will never attenuate his schedule though. he and his uncle seem to have a philosophy that entails getting everything they can now - glory, money, whatever - because you never know if tomorrow it will all be gone. it's kind of admirable in a way that he sees beyond tennis to...life. most of these guys retire in their twenties anyway and don't know what to do with the rest of their years.


i was just about to say that! that would be kinda cool wouldn't it. 
we both know that pittsburgh will be beating them both games anyway.

no deal.
okay. it's still not literally gold digging, but at least i see what you were going after.
you caught on to my scam...pittsburgh fans are smarter than i thought.
i think you've just found the solution to wnba attendance issues.
the list of 1st round flops or even top 10 or top 5 flops of the past 10 years would be more impressive.  


rondo has 3 hofers to pass to on a storied team with a likely hofer coach/player.  even the crazy ginger kid looks good on this team.
why not incentives to $50 mil like if he puts up clemens #s w/o a congressional report.  
you can be a hard worker and a pain in the ass. just look at kobe.
i don't understand. are you saying that the players on that list would be more impressive or that the list itself would be more impressive?
how about piggy back rides on buff referees?
so many balls.
further proof soccer is gay
haha the first thing that crossed my mind when i heard about that deal was "oh a replacement for korver!" apparently i wasn't alone!
first time ryan leaf has been wanted in a decade
come on, there's no way there are really 90 nats fans.
f this kid.  f boras.

$5 million tops.
wait a second... doc rivers is not a hofer.. nice player, lucky coach, not a hofer
&gt;apparently neither could the o's :(

i lol'ed.

the jays had a terrific start to the season, but they were over-achieving and are now playing about as expected. still, it's easier being a toronto fan than a baltimore fan these days.
if you replace the basketball players with their cheerleaders
i just threw up a little bit in my mouth.
heil!
that's probably 20 more people than they expected to see that movie.
amateurs
jeff van gundy's simpering and mark jackson's slant approaching a landslide make this finals almost unlistenable. is it bad that i want to mute the tv and listen to am radio? tnt does such a good job of keeping it even.  
$50 million for a player who has never thrown a professional inning . . .

there have been worse investments coming from the capital.
they will probably win the championship, too!
the very end of the 4th quarter was disgusting.  la did not win that game.  orlando lost it.  howard missed 2 free throws that would have sealed it, then nelson couldn't be bothered to force fisher to shoot a 2 instead of a game tying 3.

orlando is not good enough to win it all, period.
i'm happy pau got mad after that final foul.  some say he should have pulled the ball down and killed the clock, but that's bs.  anything can happen.  5-second calls, steals, anything.  you are not responsible for playing defense on behalf of the opposing team.  good job, pau.  good job, lakers.
i don't watch a whole lot of espn, so maybe i have the wrong impression, but i am suprised by how often i turn it on and people are yelling at each other. and good heavens, they'll yell about damn near anything. in that respect, yes.
obviously, but who cares?


they're more cnn than foxnews...
i dunno why the shot is such a big deal. for any other franchise, it would be unfortunate, but hardly remembered, or even if it wasn't jordan. and it was only the first round. it's not like the cavs could have beaten the knicks, the pistons, or even the lakers that year. 
yah i think blatantly pushing a player, while in the air, in the back is one of the shittiest things you can do in basketball. pros are amazingly athletic and thus don't get hurt much by it but i like what one of the announcers said in a previous series: "if it'd start a fight on the playground, then it should be a technical foul."
orlando doesn't have a chance now. i don't think they can win in la.
yep they blew it tonight. way too many turnovers and a lot of bad decisions. one day closer to nfl though.
http://www.latimes.com/media/photo/2009-06/47463839.jpg
pakistan? i can't say that pak is really able to reach to the semis too, but winning the world cup is really next to impossible for them.
as a football fan, i will miss his contributions to the premiership - i never like to see supremely talented players leave to play in other leagues.

that said, at least i'm now spared the self-loathing for picking him in my fantasy team.
liverpool have basically said that you won't get alonso for anything short of £65m and he has stated outright he wants to stay at liverpool.
the next game is in orlando.  
foul! 
ed up defense.
poor sportsmanship.  

like not shaking hands or congratulating... sorry lebron.
nothing about kobe missing 20 shots?
but the final 2 games are in la, so even if orlando win their next one at home, they'll need to go to la and win. twice.
is there some rule about fouling before crossing the half-court line?

also, even if they were in the penalty, the correct thing to do would be to foul right?
that would just give the other team 2 free throws.
that's some good form.
props to fisher those were 2 great clutch shots, but if the officials had been paying attention that second shot wouldn't have counted since kobe nearly knocked nelson out with an elbow to the jaw to pass it to fisher.
which is a fine strategy (but one that i wouldn't normally go to if i were a head coach), but the way the magic were shooting free throws, i don't think you intentionally get yourself into a free throw contest.
a good player can earn that back easily. remember what was spent on beckham by galaxy. they had made that back within a day from all the various commercial deals that beckham attracted.
i think half-court thing is just that they are definitely not going to shoot from the back court, so let them burn 2-3s dribbling through the press, then foul to eat more clock.  
  
i also thought it was pretty ridiculous that gasol's ft was the first one for la since the 3rd quarter. refs were really trying hard to hand orlando a win. most notably by not calling 3 second on howard on orlando's last play.
push? he hit him in the back with two closed fists. that looked like a deliberate attempt to injure and i wouldn't be surprised if the nba hands down a suspension.
apparently ronaldo will be getting half a million a week!  i don't think i could hate this guy anymore than i do.
how long before football becomes subject to the new economic reality and these amounts fall?

maybe need a few clubs to go bust first ;-)
real football folks
espn is terrible. if it weren't for baseball tonight and pti i don't think i'd ever watch it. everything else is just ridiculous.
well, boo fucking hoo, but they've already gotten the money from the gate and tv, so no one really gives a shit.

college football is about money, period.  any romantic notions you have about school spirit or the love of the game are just naive at best.
leave [the sports guy](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/simmons/index) out of this.

you are using that line incorrectly anyway...
red sox fans really are the lowest form of life.  two ws in 5 years and yet they are still obssessed with the yankees?  what makes these people so angry and envious still?
i would. the nba is notorious for evading rules that might hurt them financially. if pietrius is suspended, the lakers will win in a blowout. having a game 6 in la is something the nba would want.
stan van gundy should've put skip in. possibly the worst coaching decision in these playoffs.
javale


wtf..
personally i think if man u can bag ribery and keep tevez theyll be just as strong. but then again to hell with man u, gunners 4 life:)
it's the pinstripes
i can't begin to imagine what would've led you to that thought. it's hardly subtle what he meant.
&gt;catering giant aramark, which holds the ballpark’s concessions contract, faces an administrative hearing because of allegations that it **sold or delivered alcohol to an intoxicated person**, according to the texas alcoholic beverage commission.

these types of laws that are selectively enforced. isn't exactly this what a bar does every single day? also expecting a guy pouring beer into a cup at a baseball game to estimate every customer's bac based on appearance is a silly idea. 

*edit: after reading the details, in this case it was an employee of the catering company, and they are saying that he may have been fed free booze by the company during the game. that does change it up a bit, but still the actual charge sounds fishy.

huh? that was a literal reaction.
clearly there's nothing of which to be envious in the yankees of past few seasons. "yankees suck" is a fun chant, and it's actually way more fun when it's a total non-sequitur (i.e. chanted at sox games against, say, the rays).
not to mention the players.  they win 8 games in a row and penny stills feels the need to plunk a-rod on the back.
i think they should also prevent the car dealership that sold this guy a car from selling any cars to other people.
that's because they won.
read his columns - you will understand :)
sweep
i don't think anyone counted on howard making a free throw though.
i usually click the link, but it's never andy roddick...
i gotta stop rooting for underdogs. this shit is breaking my heart.
well, if he's saying that a list of first round flops would be more impressive than this list then he's crazy, which is why i was trying to clarify. there are multiple all-stars and all-defensive players on this list.
i am not an alabama fan at all, and i actually dislike nick saban in particular, but they are being penalized for athletes taking advantage of the free textbooks they receive as a part of their scholarships by getting free textbooks for their friends? this seems to have little, to nothing, to do with the football program or the manner in which they won the games that they are being penalized. besides, who wouldn't try and help their friends out with some free textbooks? seriously, they are being penalized for helping to educate students.
does raul ibanez have any affiliation with a retarded 4chan meme? no? then fuck off.
when howard was 2-7 from the line and made two in a row with about 4 minutes left in the 4th, you knew he'd blow the important ones.


anybody that watches the nba enough knows what was going on in that game.  the fix was in but the lakers played through it. 
they cheered when arod got plunked, but bitch when their player gets hit... classy bunch of douche bag hypocrites
lost every game to the red sox and yet still only 2 out of first.  doesnt really mean a whole lot i would say.
didn't manny get busted for steroids?  oh right, he must have started when he was on the dodgers because george mitchell didn't find out any dirt when doing his investigation.  

oh i forgot, mitchell was on the red sox payroll.....
an almost meaningless penalty, as they are not losing any scholarships.
nice observation!  mod up
this was posted last week with less blogspam. skip the original link and just watch the guy's youtube video:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgm9lgqgvym 
that pretty much sounds like fans of every team... 
it does, however, put them in a 5 year probation period, which could be trouble for them, given their past problems.
announcer:

&gt;these fans are special.
i'm sorry, how many yankees have been busted for steroids?
i don't know, how many?

edit: seriously... give me a list of names of yankees who have been "busted" for steroids.  they had to have been "busted" while on the yankees.  i'm not saying their aren't any, but i'm leaving the burden of proof on you.
are you talking about the million bullshit calls they got called for? like odom's and bynum's? there were *a lot* of bullshit calls on that game, mostly against la.
i thought they were saying juice-rod
on that pic. his shot is actually strange as hell. it's like stockton's, it starts from the shoulder, off-centered.
yes, since that is remotely what i or you said.
here you go: http://usingits.com
i saw those 2 girls last night, it was funny seeing her get helped up

payback for jaybay getting hit in the last series
i love boston fans... 
haha ya that was classic.
yup.  two bs on fish as well, one was a questionable block and the one howard got away with a push in the back to gasol.

but during ot there were 4 bad calls, two for each team.  look at the fouls in the 4th.  10 to 1 in favor of the magic.  lakers didn't even get a ft in the 4th.  when kobe drove into howard in the restricted area, there was a lot of contact and you see one of the three company men on the side line throw his hands up like it no contact.

no that's the dosage...
that's a foul.
they're goons. always have been.  lowlifes.  
george mitchell sits on the red sox board.

lol
i don't think this was a case of someone with too much beer.  the club and suites levels serve mixed drinks.  if he was getting "free drinks" as implied in the story, he was getting serviced from one of the two bars or from someone in one of the suites.  

i'm sure the tabc must be coming down hard because it was an employee getting free drinks with no normal controls.  
that was a nice elbow, kobe...
the rest of the country agrees...
good call - no suspension, no fine, no nothing.

http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2009/news/story?id=4253869
no.
you mean besides roger clemens, andy petite, jason giambi, and gay-rod?

&gt;they had to have been "busted" while on the yankees.

fahk you, i don't see that same qualifier with your "didn't manny get busted for steroids?" statement.
as someone who paid $7.50 for a beer at minute maid park yesterday, i welcome my new beer-providing overlords.
actually, i use to love them 'til they won the series a couple years ago (the first one). now i hate them more than yankee fans (not a lot more, but it's still more).
as a laker fan i say f1.  no suspension.  but we were talking about it here at work and some were saying pietrus uses fists instead of open hands.  it was like he punched gasol in the back instead of pushing him.  there was a play in the first half too where he drove baseline and took a shot and was fouled.  after his natural follow through it appeared there was an intentional follow through and smacked a laker in the face.  maybe it wasn't intentional.  
well, i suppose so. but he's been doing well at the ft line (69% for the 5 games before the last one). that's what drives sports fans crazy ; unpredictable things happen all the time, like kobe going 5/10 from the line in the previous game.
he should have put his brother in. at least jeff knew to foul fisher instead of letting him shoot.
when the ball went to the frontcourt with ariza and gasol, the lakers were content with dribbling it out.  however, there were 3 magic players running full speed back to foul.  if you're going to foul, we're going to score.  if you didn't want the lakers to dunk it, then walk towards your bench.  the magic made the lakers dunk it.
long-suffering orioles fan here.  the week that they called matt wieters to the majors, our newspaper's sports staff revealed that they thought he was the second coming: *matt wieters this!  matt wieters that!  matt wieters is the best catcher ever!  matt wieters will save the team single-handedly!  matt wieters will fix the economy!  matt wieters will cure cancer!  matt wieters will bring about world peace!*

give us a matt wieters-type pitcher and i might feel more excited.  as it stands, the doltimore orilulz won't make it past fourth place in the al east thanks to our bullpen of failure; our young pitchers are still too green or training up in the minors, and free agents know peter angelos's reputation enough to avoid touching this city with a ten-foot pole.
yankees suck!
woo hoo!  we even beat the yankees in your hatred!  yankees suck!
even better flop by jameer.
would about the requisite kobe hate?
orlando has to get out of orlando fist.  

unlikely they'll do that.  they have to hit .625 from the field to win.
bankroll tide!
bear bryant lived in a modest 1 bedroom house and used his money from forest gump to buy lollipops.
usc needs to vacate entire seasons.
you can say that at any bball or fball game.  see who looks back at you.  guilty.
comparing college ball in bear's day to the money machine that college football is today is comparing apples to oranges.

college football today exists for two reasons; to make money, and to act as a minor league for the nfl.
pettite, leyritz, stanton, grimsley, knoblauch, clemens, justice, neagle, arod, giambi, and sheffield.

edit: dwight gooden, glenallen hill.
a-roid
this was just straight up weird, but still kind of funny.
yeah, cause no red sox players have ever used steroids...

surely george mitchell was not biased at all when he conducted his steroid probe into the mlb. the yankees were the most named team on that list too.

*sigh* 

whatever players do, fans should show respect. i am a yankee fan, and while there is always a rivalry (as much as 0 and 8 can be a rivalry). the boston fans in general are just incredibly disrespectful. for instance, damon getting booed. he still get's booed massively at fenway. when david wells returned to pitch against the yankees he got a standing ovation from the entire stadium, same thing with giambi's first ab at new yankee.

i don't want to think that all boston fans are new england douchebags, but it's hard to think otherwise with that.

i respectfully disagree.

if the flop was better than the elbow, the foul would have been called...
that announcer is dennis eckersley, a hall of fame pitcher who threw for the red sox. just an fyi from a citizen of red sox nation. cheers.
"you mean besides roger clemens, andy petite, jason giambi, and gay-rod?"

did they actually get suspended by the league?  or were they just mentioned the mitchell report or a different "anonymous" testing service?
are you beginning to see my point?  probably not because you're an idiot. 

dear yankees fan,

i respectfully request you go fuck yourself.

signed

a red sox fan
i'm a big fan of eck in the booth (though he's no rem dawg) but this is a recording of espn, not nesn.  so it's the regular espn schmucks.
mitchell report or from league drug testing?


i stand corrected. didn't pay attention to the ticker. although it did sound like eck huh?
i don't really want to wade into this flamewar... but i'll point out that pettitte, giambi and a-roid all admitted to using banned substances.  clemens denies.
truth hurts, doesn't it?
but were they ever busted by the mlb?  no.  manny was.  
how many sox would have been caught if an unbiased party, or to be fair a yankee official, ran the investigation? who knows but it's ridiculous to think the mitchell report tells half the ped story.
it sounded more like rick sutcliffe.
i like eck too, in a bit of a trainwreck sort of way.  

he's great with the stream of consciousness, like when he read youk's lips and said "shit" on the air, or when he said that penny "is a little gay with his cheese."
this is total bullshit. alston slaps a guy in the head and gets suspended. the guy double punches gasol in the back and gets nothing.
he also lost a fly ball in the sun and got caught going to third on a ground ball to the left side.  he seriously needs to get it together.
same eckersley that was a reliever/closer for the a's? kind of a side-armer?
i think all the cubs need to get it together. what a mess of a season so far.
what else are you going to do with that vile shit?

of course i'm enjoying a delicious surly furious for $2 during happy hour as i'm typing this.
sucker
i agree, it was a nice elbow.  definitely not soft this year.
giambi was suspended. petite and gay-rod admitted to it when faced with the evidence. clemens won't come clean because he'll be indicted by congress for lying under the oath, but the evidence is stacked against him. you beginning to catch my drift fuck face? 

yankees suck
snitches get stitches.
he has "future ny met" written all over him. 
with 3:24 to go in the fourth quarter he says "hedo barreling down the lane and drawing a foul. ... and he makes one of two. **it's getting harder and harder for magic players to shoot these free throws with their own hands wrapped around their necks.**"

edit: i added the bold
yeah.  he's doing colour commentary for red sox home games on nesn at the moment.
when trot nixon came back with the indians, he got a huge standing o.  it's almost like he's awesome, and  damon's a little bitch.
more accurately: the mitchell report was largely based on testimony from an ex-yankees trainer.  of course it was going to name more yankees.  no conspiracy, just the evidence they were asked to consider.
wait a second.  his wife has kids older than crosby?
please no.
i'm waiting to see who he blames for this one.  i bet an umpire told him there were two outs just to screw with him.  sure, milton...
ah.  must have missed that play.  can't stand it when it's unprovoked though.
no way they go alcohol free over this. i don't care what happened but the city will never let one of its major sports parks go alcohol free and lose out on the loss of tax revenue that comes with it. you can bet your ass this gets cleared up in another way before minute maid ever goes dry.
personal favorite:

dave niehaus - mariners.

my oh my.
it's an upgrade to what they have in right right now.
fail!  jason giambi was never suspended for steroid use.

were pettitte and arod ever caught and punished because of mlb drug testing?  no!  manny was, that's my point ass hat.  


i dont see how your argument gets stronger because they admitted it instead of getting caught by mlb.
wait, his name is milton bradley? like the toy company?
i'm with you 100%. 
oooh, that'll sure stop them.  how about taking back *all the money* instead?....
i think they have enough character.


really? manny was suspended for steroids? fail

he was suspended for hcg which is a banned substance, but not a steroid

eat my ass hat you worthless douche nozzle.

fucking stupid. vick will end up on dallas and the domination will begin.
atlanta will do anything they can to fuck their team up.
[whaaaat?!](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_vwt55tqq-3k/scpf8ehxn9i/aaaaaaaaeaq/nrjn2bqpbf8/s320/monopoly_guy.jpg)
got you bitch, nice comeback.
doesn't he know she has a prescription for [valtrex](http://www.valtrex.com/) ?
siiiigh, agreed.
he actually talked to the press this time, i was shocked.
http://www.reddit.com/r/gunners/
it's june and the mets have more wins against the red sox than the yankees do.
to make money *for the colleges,* not the players.  that way they can feign integrity and innocence since their players aren't making millions, just the schools...
they played so well, they lost an h on the way!
fluery! fleury! fleury! fleury!  wow! what a game!!!! lets go pens!!!! woot!!!!
1st city to take the stanley cup and the lombardi in one year. awesome.
next year! we'll get em next year!
i'm a red wings fan, but damn, what an incredible game. the level of hockey and the intensity was unbelievable. congrats pens (even though i hate you!)
i think nelson said best when he said...

'ha ha!'
get well soon rem dawg!!
screw you hossa
as millbury said it: "hossa?  he should change his name to nossa because he's been non-existent in this series."
&gt;to make money for the colleges,

absolutely right.
i just hope talbot gets the credit he deserves and not "prodigy" crosby.
fleury and talbot the 2 french canadian heroes of game 7.
hats off to you. i am a devils fan and could not believe how incredible this series was to watch as an outsider. that last flurry (pun) of shots and save by fleury was awesome. i thought for sure someone was gonna tie, but hey you won it last year and now the series is tied 1 cup apiece. hopefully the nhl can come back to life now.
that was a seriously badass final.
first the super bowl and now the stanley cup. now the pirates just need to win the world series...

okay that is stretching it a bit.
and the lakers need to move to pittsburgh... before sunday night.
sucks... no more hockey until october =(


_

_

_
  &lt;-shot down that much and it would have been tied
downmodded by a magic fan. :\
fair enough, i suppose the magic could move to pittsburgh, and make a penguinesque comeback.

i just like the idea of the lakers moving, and all of la having to root for the clippers.
now we can only hope he joins some third team who in turn loses to the red wings or penguins in the cup final.
or rather, just give the clippers to pittsburgh and that should bring balance to the city. the clippers don't deserve to have all of la to themselves.
from a pens fan, i agree on a great game both ways. the third period seemed as if the pens were on the penalty kill and you deserved the goal for the sustained pressure, but fleury stopped too many of your good chances. your comment does show more class than the booing fans at the joe.
pittsburgh is once again, the city of champions!
you can keep the clippers.
don't forget the car commercials that made talbot a "superstar". bonus malkin and gonchar footage.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=korvdvczpea

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz0tst2gtm4
his face was as red as his jersey at the end of the game when they did a close up on him.
if the shot was on goal it would have been blocked, maybe.  
incredible game, and incredible series between two extremely talented teams. a very fitting way to end the season.

also, i gotta say fleury was amazing.  that save on lidstrom with seconds left was unreal.  his crossbar should get a cup ring too! :)
its like boston except their football team doesn't cheat.
no more hockey until next may for me =)
after reading the story about the fans night on the town with talbot that got posted here a couple weeks ago, i'm really glad he played such a key role. he seems like an all-around great guy.

also anyone who thought fleury couldn't preform in detroit clearly forgot about game five last year. that guy might not be the best goalie -- but he's a good one and most of all he's clutch.
interesting how osgood made an equally brilliant save in the final seconds of game six last year.
if i recall, the pittsburgh fans acted similarly last year.

granted pens fans didn't applaud when the red wing's superstar went down, but then again the red wing's superstar didn't go down.

you are correct. it was a great shot but fleury clipped the puck with his shoulder sending it into the crossbar. if it were lower chances are he would have blocked it completely but who knows what would of happened with the rebound. 
or just look at pennsylvania.  in the 08-09 season there were the phillys (philadelphia), steelers and pens (both pittsburgh).

might as well add the great season by the cavs (remembering that ohio is the western pa annex) to the mix as well.
ohio should be divvied up to pa, kentucky and indy. it's a true no man's land.
you can add the hershey bears to the list - they won the ahl title tonight.
dammit...
ohio can do whatever it wants, but columbus can disappear into a fucking black hole.
the same to cleveland. 
no more hockey for like 3 months.... 
i would not want to end the series in no other way, but in the way game 7 was played. pretty much just straight up good hockey. few penalties, and little bullshit. 
have the wings ever lost game 7? at home? before now?
god damnit. you know what. fuck you to hell.

i had to work tonight, so i missed the game. i had to ask /r/hockey to help me find a website that will let me dl a torrent of the game without spoiling it for me. i told all my friends and family not to tell me who won the game until i had seen it.

i waited patiently for an hour for the torrent to be posted to the website. i managed to hold off from knowing who won for 2 more hours while the game was downloading. when the progress was at 98.7% i decided to close my firefox window, which of course always has reddit open. and what do i happen to see right as i click the x?

your fucking post.

two days of preparing to watch the game without spoilers ruined literally 3 minutes before i started watching the game.

so downmod me to hell all yall want, but fuck you buddy. fuck you a lot.

ray lewis 
vick doesn't belong on any nfl team.
got morals?
and all you had to do was right click the start bar and close it, go to task manager and close it, or just not close it. (assuming you are running windows, and i assumed you are since you clicked the "x".)

reddit doesn't have up-to-date news posts or anything.
now just wait until they shock the world and win the world seri.....hhaha, couldn't bring myself to finish that.
the first one was awesome!
you are recalling incorrectly, the fans were clapping not booing for the wings getting their trophies.
yes.
the red wings have lost game 7 four times overall in seven appearances. two of those losses were at home. detroit was beat at home in game 7 by the maple leafs in the 1944-1945 series.
hey dumb ass, maybe you should have used your brain and not have gone to a site that posts news stories if you wanted to avoid finding out the score.  you have no one to blame but yourself.
too many games in too few days for an older club. 

glad to see the kids take it ... reminds me of when the islanders finally passed the torch to the oilers.
&gt;reminds me of when the islanders finally passed the torch to the oilers

...and never got it back ;)
i always thought it would be neat to have a firefox extension called "no spoilers" or something. when you start up the browser, you would specify that you don't want any spoilers for "sports", and then it would prohibit you from visiting any user-defined sports/news sites.
habs fan here, and i gotta say these playoffs in general were one of the most fun to watch in a long time, especially considering my team played like garbage.  pittsburgh is such an entertaining team to watch.  this series and their series against the caps and ovechkin were among the best i've ever seen.
congrats to the pens, even though i think ovechkin is a far more complete player than crosby and a better captain. i was seriously surprised they picked it up, since evgeny malkin has been building a career as the alex rodriguez of the nhl.
the a-rod of the nhl?  please explain.
booyah! go pens!
i'm pretty sure what happened was the fans booed bettman, then clapped a bit when crosby got the stanley cup.
&gt;too many games in too few days for an older club.

they both had 2 days off before game 7. and the only back to back night games were won by the older red wings.
i think  marc andre fleury was the conn smythe  winner.  with out him in the net  i  don't think they  win,  he  played some of the best  goalie  we have seen in  a while.  i think malkin  and  crosby  canceled each other out. plus like  crosby  said it was  different guy every  night.  but the  same guy was  fleury  every  night.
to bad  he really  deserved it.

 i do think  he  will  win conn smythe in his career. 
i assume you were born yesterday.

sidney  is the youngest  captain ever,  whose more complete? whos  team  has the  cup?   alex is more worried about which  goal  celebration  he is planning,  he  still needs to grow up.
or, you can do both.  as i've heard most people complain about on sports central on wgn and espn radio.
you mean...

let's go pens! let's go pens!, let's go pens!
the fans were booing the entire time. they started when the carpets came out onto the ice, and were *still* booing when mario lemieux got the cup.

the amazing thing to me was that it seemed like there were still 10,000-15,000 red wings fans in the building the whole time. not all of them were booing, but it seemed like the vast majority was. mellon arena was pretty much cleared out by the time henrik zetterberg got the cup last year, and the fans who stayed were either clapping or staying quiet. 
is anyone else being bombarded by magic fans who are bitching about kobe throwing the elbow? i still think nelson walked into it, its not like kobe "cleared the ball" or anything.
clamshell packaging is so god damn lame. it's like, come on. i just want my god damn ethernet cable. i don't want to have to risk life and limb to do battle with packaging for an hour! i bought this shit *online*! are you afraid someone is going to steal it out of the warehouse?

don't even get me started on white chocolate.

muhammed ali in his prime was way better than anti-lock brakes.
and why is it that you park in a driveway and drive in a parkway? huh??
why not? i mean seriously man, do you think all those players with drug convictions and abuse crimes should be allowed but vick not?

i mean i know it's shitty to be involved in dog fighting but what does it tell us about the law when a female running for vice president condones shooting wolves from helicopters? she doesn't go to jail. if you ask me there isn't much difference.
what you mean like no one in the nfl is guilty of any serious crimes? just vick? shit .. there would be enough players for a team if you were absolutely honest about it. 

don't you feel he's paid his price for the crime? or should we just tag everyone for everything they do wrong in life and hold it against them forever?
dead meme is dead.
i was at the joe and the booing was for bettman, not the pens.  
come on!
i hate them and i hate their fans.  and just when you think that just by the sheer law of averages the schadenfruende has got to end (because it's been going on like this for two or three years now) they always manage to come up with another wonderful ending like that one. 
this is a horrible article. vile, sniggering gossip like this has no place in sports journalism. i'm surprised at the times.

ouch. someone feels betrayed.
at the bar last night, the chant wasn't "let's go pens" it was "fuck you hossa".
i'd actually take him back.

at reduced salary.
[this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko4ejeo3kjm) shows that the booing was loudest when bettman was talking. there's cheering and clapping when they're bringing it out. as soon as the idiot stars talking, the booing becomes deafening. it dies down when crosby raises the cup.
i hate seeing a headline like this, reading the article and realizing the joke has already been made.
what a great quote.
its called self control, use it.
lol ovechkin wears an "a" on his shoulder, not a "c" and also its evgeni.  typical caps fan here folks, doesn't know a thing about hockey or his own team it seems.
how much awareness can one person lack to actually volunteer to sleep with paris hilton? jesus, she's probably not even in the top 100 hottest women he's been with. 

what a douchecannon.
it won't be long before lou just gives up and quits. if this keeps up, anyway. 
i have my firefox bookmarks set up with keywords, so it literally takes me half a second to type the 2-4 keystrokes it takes to open up my favorite sites. if i'm procrastinating or bored, sometimes i have that typed out and the page loading before i even realize i typed it.

there are much weirder extensions out there.
denver is a fucking mess
as a charger fan this news pleases me greatly. 

marshall's a douche anyway, if i were the broncos i'd let him walk on principle alone. the guy is one bad decision away from an 8 game suspension.
i'm not convinced he hasn't.  that said, this year has more to do with hendry's faults than lou's.  they could have kept derosa and signed abreu for the price he signed for.  and even if not, i'd still prefer dunn over bradley.  you can argue that dunn isn't as good defensively, but lately bradley has proven that issue isn't as big a gap as it should have been.  i think the biggest thing, though, is singing guys for huge multi-year deals worth millions with no trade clauses.  i don't think you should sign anyone anymore for anything more than a 4 year contract, so they can't go out there and dog it day in day out.  i also think that we're going to start seeing clauses regarding the wbc that are similar to clauses in the nfl (i.e. if you do something like go sky diving or ride a motorcycle and get hurt, we get our money back).  so that if you play in the wbc, and then get injured - the team can then arbitrate and get their money back.    

but then again, they really don't have anyone to trade for because everyone they'd like to trade has no trade clauses and huge contracts.  so who, position wise, are they going to trade?  fontento?  who's going to take him?  theriot?  why trade someone who for the most part is the most consistent?  with soriano, bradley, fukodome, zombrano, and lee with ntc - that doesn't give them a bit of wriggle room.

in my opinion, hendry really fucked up this year when he traded away the heart of the team to fix a minor inconvenience in a left handed bat.  it's really great, for the cubs, that reed johnson (who i absolutely love, and by no which mean this as a dig) has stepped up to be the heart of the team.  but when the heart of your team is a situational player, that tells you something.  having a player like scales (again,love him but they shouldn't need him) have comparative hr stats to your former rookie of the year - then wow, that doesn't say a lot for your "heroes".

/my drunken $.02


edit: upmod for a cubbie fan and 311.

edit 2:  i would like to add, that i really love reed as a player and a person.  and, as he stated he really enjoyed it, i would love to have a cup of coffee before a game with derosa.  that would be sensational.

you could try unsubscribing from /r/sports, /r/hockey and /r/football &amp;c., and when you want to see them just go to them specifically.
i wonder if he's referring to his playing.
bad video. it cut out over a minute of the fight and skipped like crazy. damn good fight, though...too bad you can't fully enjoy it here.
great fight. velasquez vs kongo was incredible too. kongo is so intimidating i was like there is no way that velasquez is going to take this. but damn, taking down kongo immediately after he almost gets knocked out (twice!) was awesome. that is some testicular fortitude right there.
i didn't know an ump could even do that.
believe me, i'm as frustrated as anyone if not more. not sure if you live in chicago, but the best thing to do is take everything you hear on the msm with a grain of salt. especially that hack gordon wittenmeyer who seems to have his own agenda of trying to advance his worthless career while cutting down cub personnel at every opportunity. 

that said these fuckers just need to hit. the pitching has been outstanding, despite the bullpen being a work in progress. it's actually come around and i'd say i've got solid faith in gregg, guzman, marmol and ascanio (who i really like - call him the ass can). marmol's got a small case of the yips but he'll be fine. 

the hitting is what's killing this team. you've got soto, soriano and bradley not doing anything even close to what they should and could be doing. soto could have been a flash in the pan or he may be hurt - but there are no excuses for bradley and soriano. and lee has come around but now that he's practically a singles hitter what good is he really? not having aramis doesn't help, but that's no reason for the bats to just completely die. 

bottom line is they just have to hit. they've wasted so many excellent pitching performances (hi, i'm randy wells!) it sickens me. 

and not to burst any trade rumor bubbles but the stalled sale of the team could be a huge factor in them not making any huge moves at the deadline. 

things are going downhill fast and someone needs to step up and carry this team offensively. who is it going to be? surely they can't hit like this forever? maybe they can. after all, they're the cubs. 

ugh. hang in there man.
and now they've got kyle orton as their starting qb. this won't end well.
sooo... it's a fighting movie with just over 5 mins of it on ice?
i thought it was a cool story so i submitted it. isn't that what reddit is all about?
that captures the essence of 70s hockey quite concisely.
i wouldn't worry too much. he'll be dead of some kind of std within a few weeks, i'd imagine.
wow.

i've always wondered, like pound for pound, do boxers just punch harder?
nice hatchet job - glad to see that the sunday times has the balls to rip a player after he was sold off.
yes. but only because that it their discipline.
maybe he's referring to your dumb opinions.
you're thinking spanish. they speak  portuguese in brazil, and r in portuguese is pronounced similar to h in english.
i have a little ritual during this race where i go to sleep with the live race coverage on and will wake up early enough to catch the last part of the race in kind of a half-awake stupor.  always entertaining to listen to the speed tv announcers try and fill all that time with new stories.
have you heard the term "puncher's chance?"  boxers hit so hard that even a guy who is underclassed can get in a good enough shot that it puts the other guy out.  
why specifically are they dumb? his play last year was ridiculous and embarrassing. what's more embarrassing is how he acted like a spoiled child. he got booed, so he ran away. sure, vy is probably one of the greatest, if not the greatest, college football player of all time, but he hasn't done enough to warrant such 'embarrassing' behavior in the professional level.

if you truly want to be pedantic about it and just make ad hominem attacks, that's fine. however, my comment was not an opinion. grammatically speaking, it was a simple fact expressing curiosity on what he was referring to. similarly, even if it was an opinion, it still was singular, and your usage of the plural form was completely unnecessary. 
that is jujitsu, not mma.
i have seen it both ways so i went with the royce gracie
oferta caselor de pariuri a fost de 4 puncte handicap la deschidere in defavoarea lui orlando magic, iar pe parcursul zilei fluctuand pana la 3.0 apoi 3.5 puncte handicap. totalul a fost stabilit la 201 puncte la deschidere, reducandu-se treptat la 198 sau 198.5 la diverse case de pariuri.
what about royce gracie vs matt hughes? i seem to remember gracie getting his face pounded in.
true joyce/royce is a little out of his spark now...i mean hell the guy was in the first several u.f.c's when they were still growing going against kung fu and tkd guys. the playing field after 90+ u.f.c's has changed a lot... so i was noy surprised at all when i saw him lose to matt hughes
yeah, i live in chicago but i don't read the sun times.  i usually listen to waddle and silvy and kaplan.

they do need to hit, and i think their problem is that everyone in the line up walks up to plate and only looks to hit one out of the park.  if they would try playing small ball and get a string of base hits they could actually mount an offense now and then.

don't even get me started on randy wells lack of run support.

&gt;ugh. hang in there man.

&lt;hangs head&gt; 
huh?
yeah, it really wasn't entirely surprising. i don't remember the match very well, but i seem to remember gracie did put up a pretty good fight. i remember an armbar in there where i thought gracie's arm was going to snap off.
down vote for submitting it through digg
good point
finally, a tennis player who actually looks like a chick!!!
i wonder how many tries it took for the cameraman to get a "slightly nsfw" pic
can someone tell me who is who? please
the guy in yellow trunks is the kung fu expert.
that would be an interesting one to see...i think that st pierre would come out with the victory in that match though.
forget royce gracie vs georges st-pierre, i want to see anderson silva vs georges st-pierre. battle of the century! (although it would probably be a catchweight fight)
if they did this 4 months ago they'd be in the finals right now.  
its entirely possible, considering the core of both teams are signed for at least the next 5 years, one if not both detroit and pittsburgh will be frequenting the conference finals for the foreseeable future
"lebron couldn't win it without shaq"
they tried, but sadly, the suns started responding to gentry's style of game and caused the front office to think they might have a shot it the playoffs if they kept shaq.

i wouldn't be surprised to see this trade happen (perhaps around the time of the draft).  the suns need cash to rebuild around stoudamire, and this would save them a ton if wallace does retire or accepts a buyout.  the cavs need a big man who can play with force in the middle, and don't think lebron didn't see how well shaq played this year (plus z is a darn good center when muscle isn't required, so he and shaq could keep each other's old legs rested).

plus, shaq has to know that other than the lakers, the cavs are probably his best bet to get another ring (and yet another ring without kobe), so i think all players involved here would be happy with this trade (sasha would finally get to play his preferred style of offense, too), i just can't see it not happening.
btw why is it ***kung fu vs.mma(jujitsu)*** and not ***royce grace vs. jason delucia***?

is this somehow the definitive *clash of styles* fight that proves that one martial art is better than the other?
upvoted for correct correction.
except, of course, "puncher's chance" only applies to the boxers that are, indeed, exceptional punchers.  some boxers have phenomenal punching power, and others don't really punch all that hard, but rely on defense and speed to outpoint their opponents.

in general, if i had to make a general statement about boxers vs. mma guys, it would be that boxers possess superior hand speed and punching accuracy, but not power.
i think it has to do more with the art styles that they represent and a student or "expert" therof. i believe it is not suppose to be a hasty generalization of each art form but just to give the watcher an understanding of what art form they practice. the argument can be made though and i understand what you mean.
yeh, thanks to shaq's greatness, the suns didn't even make the playoffs this year - they were better before they traded marion for him.
bad move. it would be an extremely temporary solution. the cavs aren't just playing to win a championship. they are playing to keep lebron. so why would they acquire a player who only has a few good years left? so say they win it all next year with shaq, and he decides to retire. why would lebron stay? they need another big, but somebody who can stay on board for longer. 
because they'd have 20 million dollars to find someone to stand in for shaq?
this would be pretty awesome.
it'd be great to see shaq go to the cavs and win a ring in his last year or two.  how many (featured) players have won championships with 3 different teams and made it to the finals with 4 (and also made it to the finals in 4 of 5 teams played with).

a nice conclusion to a great career.
i hate that stupid punch, all it requires is complete luck. but where would matt serra be without it?
hey if it works lol
but...the main page says: "reddit.com: what's new online!"
hello, my follow reddit user
check out the reddiquette.
http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette
i agree, i want some revenge. i'm a wings fan and am still in a state of shock. fuck!!!!!!!!!!
shaq only has 1 year left in his contract which makes both he and lebron free agents at the end of next year (assuming lebron doesn't re-sign with cleveland sooner)... that gives cleveland a good amount of salary cap range ($21 million for shaq) in order to get more talent, plus the added bonus of being able to offer lebron the most for a new contract.  if cleveland wants to win a championship and  wants the best chance of keeping lebron they should make the deal.
is still better than "lebron couldn't win it."
lmao.  it's the karma police catching up.  the pens win it all, the steelers win it all and the pirates if they have a losing season this year set the record for most consecutive.  :(  they should be un-allowed to wear black and gold until they win. 
i was kind of disheartened at the amount of cheering that occurred when crosby got hurt more so than the booing of bettman.  although i can't say any other city would do it differently, i remember pittsburgh cheered when bradshaw got hurt early in his career. 
the red wings were complaining about the schedule. back to back games arguably took something out of them.

it's a young man's game, not like golf.
impossible. hossa can't sign with the pens and hit the trifecta.
there can be only one...rust belt city to win two out of three
maybe. both teams are certainly skilled enough to make it to the finals next year. and good heavens, nhl ads would have a field day with the "wings getting revenge" storyline, but i have the impression that no one but wings and pens fans would watch.
i'm a wings fan, but i am completely willing to chuckle at hossa at this point. i like him, and i want him to stay with the wings, but good heavens he fucked up.
i was just dicking with you anyways. i don't care what you post.
hossa can't sign with the pens because ray shero doesn't smoke crack (that i know of anyway)

trying to convince penguins fans bringing hossa back is a good idea would be like trying to convince gary bettman to invite jim balsillie over for a beer, it ain't gonna happen
i pulled one of those in the office the other day.  they were looking over my shoulder all like, "i see the paper jam right there", and i was all like, wa-bam! 
yep.  and gracie lust lay there with a completely calm face, ready to have his elbow buckle, rather than tap out.  hughes realized he wasn't going to tap so he let go of the bar and forced the ref to stop it.
down voted because the video jumps all over the place, and is not one concurrent stream of mma man-on-man action.
they are striking each other.  there is no striking in jiu-jitsu.  it's mma or, if you prefer, *vale tudo*.
st-pierre would destroy royce.  gracie is over 40 now, and he has already lost badly to matt hughes.
kobe still hasn't won a title without derick fisher.
the blackhawks will have something to say about that in the west. and i think the bruins will be tough again in the east. damn, they looked great against the habs in the first round and just kind of fell apart.. 
good one :)
congrats, crosby and malkin
basketball is and always will be a team sport. no one can win a championship without a legitimate team and organization around them. michael jordon never won one without phil jackson or scottie pippin. just let kobe and the rest of the team enjoy it.
who is this "jordon" you talk about?
for good reason. fisher is rock solid under pressure (always reliable for the clutch 3-pointers, as in game 4) and he's a workhorse and always plays with heart, just like kobe. their energy is syngergistic and incredibly powerful.

i'm glad fisher came back. he was probably my favorite laker before he got traded. 
it was the name of the shoes the team wore during their dynasty. you can still see them around to this day.
and it certainly didn't hurt that shaq's prediction about stan van gundy came true:
&gt;i know for a fact that he's a master of panic, and when it gets time for his team to go in the postseason and do certain things, he will let them down because of his panic.

40 seconds to go. la up by 13, and stan is like "here's the play!!". what the fuck...
i love fish and agree. 

i'm a bulls fan and have a friend who's a lakers fan that would remind me anytime i brought up the point kobe never won without shaq, that jordan never won without pippen. i love scotty, but wouldn't exactly compare him to shaq in his prime.

of course the one common thread in all this is phil jackson. say what you want about him having the greatest players of the era, but i think red auerbach had a pretty good group of players and about a dozen teams in the league when he won 8 in a row.  
i feel very similarly about pippen. very different from shaq, i agree, but he was crucial to the bulls. 

&gt;of course the one common thread in all this is phil jackson. say what you want about him having the greatest players of the era

yes, and there's a reason why all those great players love him so much. if he weren't brilliant, those players wouldn't respect him and they'd demand someone else (or to be traded). everything the players say about jackson beats home the point that the man understands how to coach like no one else. it's his job to get the team to gel and actualize their potential. and he does that time and time again.
and, again, those "greatest players in the world" failed to win championships when phil jackson was not their coach.  jackson has had to deal with multimillionaire spoiled children, free agency, manage huge egos, and a constantly-rotating supporting cast.  

then you have a lot more teams, and an enormous world-wide talent pool, and nearly any team in the league can beat you.  auerbach had the same core of people year after year, and very little in the way of good competition.
this one is for lamar odom.
this one is for dj mbenga.
&gt;and, again, those "greatest players in the world" failed to win championships when phil jackson was not their coach. 

well technically shaq did win in miami, though he wasn't the best player on the team and had a pretty good coach in pat riley (who took over the team from stan vangundy earlier in the year).

i agree with everything you say about phil. i liked doug collins, but it wasn't until the zen master arrived that the bulls won 6 titles in 8 years. of course he and scotty never won it all without jordan around for the full year.
&gt;congrats to you to, mbengaaaaaaaa

-[shaq](http://twitter.com/the_real_shaq)
fisher was thought to be washed up and trade bait for next year by any number of national talking heads. well?
am i alone in feeling that the nba has become predictable and increasingly uninteresting over the past few years? the last time i actually had genuine interest in the league was in the 2005(?) championship between la and the pistons.
go home
seriously, why isn't he just dead yet?!?! it doesn't matter from where or with how much time if he shoots the ball from 3 with less than 15 seconds in a game it's going in, the guy is insane

edit: after the downvotes i realized how hateful it sounds, but seriously the guy has ruined the playoffs for me repeatedly
is that a legal punch in boxing?

looks like he hit 'em w/ his wrist.
i can't imagine how proud and happy he is to have actually managed to get away from the clippers and to a championship team.
that's an interesting take on the story.
er, i'm not a caps fan, i'm a hockey fan (my team is a college team). and i know part of hockey is dealing hits and taking them, not diving.

i won't call you a typical pens fan since i know a few who know hockey better than you, and they don't think wearing a "c" means you're the best player on the team.
last season, the lakers surprised some and made it to the nba finals, they were humiliated by a hungrier, meaner, more intense team in the celtics. 

this season, the lakers said from the very very beginning that their *only* goal was to win the championship.

tonight they achieved that goal. you can talk until the end of time about the who, what, when, where, how and, why. but at the end of the day. they set a goal, and they achieved it. that is an inspiration, and some truly wonderful stuff. 

apparently everyone's glossed over the "congrats to the pens" part. you can't argue with success, the pens were the better t-e-a-m team. fleury salvaged their sorry defense time and again, including with just under 2 seconds left in the game. scuderi also saved a goal in game 6 no question. max talbot should've won the smythe, not malkin. crosby did not carry that team, never has and never will.
its not boxing its a a cage fight. im pretty sure its legal too
immensely talented, narcissistic yet eager to please, cheap-shot artist, never seems to come up big except in non-clutch situations, never won a championship. obviously the comparison doesn't quite fit anymore.
kobe has just gotten well deserved redemption against all the idiots and sportswriters over the years who bashed him and acted like the only reason kobe won was because he had shaq on his team.

if this doesn't show you what a truly great player kobe is, to win this many times and with different teammates, nothing will.
you are right.  kobe still sucks.  he has to win a championship without derrick fisher and with a team of retarded midgets before he proves he's actually a great player.
to all the haters who said he couldn't do it without shaq, suck on it.
all you have to do is look back at just about any team sports history. you need a team, not a superstar or 2. all phil jackson has to do is tell his players to look around and educate them about all the winning teams previous to even his.
how classy was dwight in the post-game interview? i hope that guy wins a championship one day.
it's all ho hum depending on your actual interest of the outcome or the intrinsic value of the sport... which is why college football is the best.
he can't do it without derrick fischer
[for anyone unfamiliar with the "how my ass taste" quote.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uziuhf1ukw)
wrong thread.
pretty cool that shaq gave respect to kobe and phil in the other twitter post.
perhaps today's walk-off win is a step in the right direction. at least they showed some spirit.
yea, there must have been 23 players on the team - including reserves. you get to see that number on any of the shoes.
does anyone know what the word pretentious means any more?
cameraman's a lot better!
sign him for 90 million!
your mom does
johan for injury?  mets are in trouble if three of their five starters are on the dl, let me tell you that.
i hate their rotten guts
no.
1. jordan.

.

.

.

.

.

everyone else.
his first 6 or so starts he looked probably as strong as he ever had with an era well below 1.00. since then is has crept up steadily culminating in yesterday's craptasrophe. the mets can't take much more of this.
i think the thing that sets jordan aside from everyone is his versatility.  not only did he win the scoring title pretty much every year he played, he also won mvp, as well as defensive player of the year numerous times.  its not that he could just put up huge numbers.  he could block your shot, steal the ball, out dribble the 4 other guys on your team, pull off an amazing shot, and make it look easy. 
upmodded for truths
shaq is the kanye west of sports.
no one will ever be like jordan...ever
yeah, uh, that's a resounding 'fuck no'
definitely not all luck.  and shonie carter was the one who hit serra w/ the backfist so your comment makes no sense.
if shaq ends up in cleveland with lebron, that will make for an interesting season.
colombia
jordan &gt; kobe
he's not the cameraman.  a few years ago, they had a contest asking people for their kickups videos. winner got a photo-session and kickups session with ronaldo. that lad won.
billy wingrove "the world's top football freestyler"
that kid's got some nice moves but he can't score from 40m out like ronaldo ;)
how come only a limping houston rockets team gave the lakers a run for their money?
or phil
no one will ever be as great as jordan was. 
don't hate the player, hate the game
&gt;“it was cool,” outfielder ryan church said. “frankie walked right up to him and got right in his face. and the kid didn’t say a thing.”

they're both 27.  usually the only people that call similar aged people "kid" are online trolls.  weak.  and i don't think it's unreasonable for a yank to be down on last year's closer for the angels, certainly an al rival.

also, all of the quotes are by mets players.  it seems like the yankees players just don't care, but all the mets guys do.  so who cares?

edit: k-rod says: 

&gt;if it was somebody big, i might pay attention to it. but somebody like that? it doesn’t bother me.

is that why he got in his face?  issued the quote in the first place?  because he doesn't care? 
that's not the cameraman. he's the world champion of freestyle football/soccer (aka street football).
viral viral viral viral 
don't play the hater, game the hate. 
who the fuck cares.  anyone posting about paris hilton should be shot and skull fucked.
i think kanye west thinks kanye west is the kanye west of sports.
actually, i think he picked the right team to sign for honestly.  the team with the most positions that need upgrades, and the most plundered minor league system.
that would work if it was just reddit, but if i'm at work trying to avoid finding out a sports score, i also have to make sure i don't visit digg, tsn, espn, and any news sites like cnn, google news, etc.
terrible idea.  if he gets hurt or doesn't make it he is fucked.
drug conviction = torturing and killing dogs?
wtf, sports illustrated dubbed him baseball's lebron james. 

that may be the dumbest thing i've ever read. what ever happened to prodigy or superhuman badass?


poor idea, maybe his family needs the money?  good luck to him, but i hope this doesn't set precedent. 
those two elbows to the back just before the takedown would have left me crying like a little girl for about an hour. 
coaches need to take every second of every game seriously, that is their job. as a player, you need to at least feign attention in the obviously superfluous situation. because next season training camp you don't want to be in the doghouse for blowing off your coach in the final seconds of the last game of the season, and yes, you will be. 

that aside, every second of film is valuable, and final second situations in basketball are often the most important. having the opportunity to run predesigned last second plays, even in a clear loss, is a valuable learning experience.

it might seem erroneous or pointless, but these are the things that you need to do if you want to win. players that take those situations seriously are more often the players who excel in the future.
match-ups. artest and battier are arguably the two best guys in the league at containing kobe. aaron brooks, despite being a rookie, was able to outpace derek fisher, and yao ming was just too long for pau gasol and bynum to navigate around. 

the "best team in the league" cavaliers, with the chosen one mvp were completely destroyed by the magic, not because the magic are that much better overall, but because they create match-up problems with the cavs.

few years back when the unstoppable mavericks were bounced by the cinderella story warriors in the first round upset, it was all due to the match-ups. 

as much as a team can fight through these things, sometimes the team your dealt is, for whatever reason, perfectly suited to frustrate your advantages and exploit your weaknesses.
or when he gets hosed in contracts because he doesn't even have a high school diploma, which if you are from the us, is pretty easy to get.
exactly.
[youtube link](http://www.youtube.com/v/wnpb_n1ns6y)
i think it's a terrific idea. you can always go back to school, but you can't take back years wasted playing sports in school for nothing.

if bryce harper gets $5 million guaranteed next year, he'll never need to work again. he'll receive better baseball training and better medical care in the minors anyway, so the likelihood that he'll be successful in the majors is higher if he signs than if he doesn't. if harper continued in high school, there's a chance he'd get injured and waste his prodigious talent. 

word of advice for all athletes going pro: unless staying in school will get you much, much more money later, it's always better to sign up asap.
that's what agents are for, so you don't get hosed. and yes, i'm sure he'll have to get his ged to enroll in junior college.
agents are there to hose you first from what i've read. he will need a good enough diploma to play won't he?
anybody else expect to see the onion web address after the headline?
it's not that dumb.  it makes sense.
4chan influenced the sports poll because it involved the rickroll.

unless raul ibanez puts on a spiky wig and shouts, "it's over 9000!!!!!" at the all-star game, 4chan does not give one shit about this vote.
just fucking stop it. get brett favre off the fucking television. 
the article says he's getting his ged then attending a year of college.  and in addition to what surferdude said, harper could easily hire scott boras as an agent, which means he'll likely get a contract of record size.  even if he gets hosed he'll be making a ton of money.  i'm not sure of the math of it, but if he stayed in high school for two more years he'd lose out on two years salary in exchange for that, which could be up to $10 million.
if you can take a good beating...thats good as gold lol
wait - he's gonna get paid. if he gets hurt in high school then he's fucked.
teenagers sign multimillion dollar "development" contracts with european soccer clubs all the time.  pele was a pro soccer player by the time he was 15 or 16, in the 1950s.  

the si article says that bryce hit a home run 570 feet when he was 15.  that's just unreal.
4chan is known for spamming polls based on a ridiculous person being in it.  if there was a colorful enough character, i am sure it would be on their radar.  it's not ridiculous.  

plus, i was poking fun at that you said that 4channers don't care about sports, which may be true, but that does not make them beyond spamming polls for stupid reason.  and the op said minor leaguers, not raul ibanez.

plus, 4chan is very diverse.  i visit there, i'm well spoken, and i enjoy sports.  it's just a coven for debauchery is all.
ya, it's too bad it's an international sport.

how moronic!
holy crap. there's no way i'd hit that. the neighbors would have me evicted for the noise.
i guess johan is truly becoming a met.   pressure rising performance dropping.
bryce harper meet todd marinovich. todd meet bryce. 

bryce, todd is going to teach a thing or two about overbearing parents and focusing on a pro sports career. 
he's the x-factor
5 million, less the gov't cut, less the agents cut leaves about 2.5 million, maybe. not nearly enough when you start spending like a teenager. add to that the grind of minor league baseball. it is constant work, a thankless ball busting effort that, for most, leaves them short of their goal. he will have few, if any, friends on the minor league ball club. he will face a lot of resentment, especially in the higher level of minor league ball. 

the number of can't miss kids that missed is more numerous than the stars. 
about fucking time. my submission on this issue got 120+ votes 2 weeks ago, good to see itf moving on with this fast
if the nats sign both strasburg and this kid, i will be ecstatic. and maybe we can even see more than 20k people at our new stadium. can't wait!
a jersey born player who has lived and played in italy since age 13, who never participated in the us soccer setup at youth level.

and on the other hand, we just got jermaine jones to play for the american team at age 27 after 4 appearances for germany, despite not being born and never living or playing in the us, and not speaking to his american father for 20 years until just last winter.

http://soccernet.espn.go.com/news/story?id=654395&amp;sec=worldcup2010&amp;cc=5901
true.

forza italia.
i'm surprised at the quality of comments on this site. the fringe yank supporters know their stuff!
seriously, the grunts, sharapova in particular, are getting pretty ridiculous. i have to watch her matches with the sound off.
yeah you should only make life changing decisions if everything is perfectly easy and there's no risk involved.

seriously, what a thickheaded reply.  whether he's 16 or 18 or 22, what reason did you list there that would affect him going into the draft early vs 6 years later when he's finished school (and possibly become injured before his payday signing bonus)?
i read the si cover article, his parents seem fairly normal
we won't be able to sign strasburg or this kid, probably, because of boras representing both of them.  he wants a $50m signing bonus for strasburg alone.

nah, it will be a good five years before the nats are good, unfortunately.
us soccer doesn't suck.  we just don't get respect from anyone.  i mean we did get to quarter finals in 02.  losing 3-1 to the world champs down a man is a decent score i think.  
he'll have friends in the minors, most of the juiceheads have been eliminated due to aggressive testing.  plus, it's ridden with coaches who are ex-players trying to scrape by like him.  minor league baseball fans are usually pretty great, and the players aren't as mean as you think.  

as far as money, $1m usd is still an enormous amount for skipping two years of high school, but he'll probably make more than that.  especially on the unbelievably plundered nats farm system, he's in the best position to take a spot of one of their many deficient players.  on top of that when he plays he'll have a salary, playing a game i assume he loves, having fans.  

also, going back to get his ged.  even if he gets injured, they'll still keep him in the system because that is far better risk/reward than dropping him, unless it's catastrophic.

&gt;the number of can't miss kids that missed is more numerous than the stars.

doubt it.
this is a joke.

i'd like to see boxing ban exhaling rapidly when punching/absorbing punching. it really distracts the other boxer and is often heard by everyone in the arena. 

in fact, let's ban breathing heavily after matches too; it's unbecoming of athletes who are supposed to act as role models for children.
 our soccer team isn't as successful as other powerhouses because most all of our athletes choose football, baseball, or basketball because that is where the money is.
everyone outside of the us believes no one in the us knows a thing about soccer.
trust me she's even worse in bed.
us really only lost 2-1. the 3rd goal was in penalty time and after the game had been decided. plus consider the fact that the us team played the entire second half down a man realize how close we came to defeating the reigning champs. the mls sucks, but team usa is fun to watch.
yeah it's total crap about jones since he has played in german friendlies.

i have always heard rossi said, "he always wanted to play for italy."  and unfortunately us soccer was in worse shape 9 years ago so when italy came-a-calling what choice did he have?
forza azzurri.
i agree about overbearing parent.  however, some people are born to do certain things.  he is 6ft3 200lbs and in tenth grade.  hitting a 502 foot home run at tropicana field.  he as a sophomore in high school owns the record for longest home run at tropicana field.  

its ridiculous how good this kid is at his age.
that's because everyone outside the us calls it football ;)
agreed one hundred percent.  hell, you know the club will spring for the absolute best tutors available if he or his parents wanted it.  no way you turn this down.
shaq's twitter is one of the few reasons i have an account.
i used to agree with you, until i heard [this.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-7wliqa2m0)
not really.  if he gets hurt he goes back to school, only with a very large checking account.
sounded like an animal dying with every swing.
yeah, because the agent that gets a percentage of what he gets the kid wont be trying to get the best deal. 

the agent will of course get the kid a fucked up deal worth nothing, thus netting himself 10-15 percent of the fucked up deal.  

did you eat paint chips as a kid?
sounds like an animal falling off a cliff to me
the term originally came from the uk, something to do with "football assoc." as i recall, and was then adopted by north americans for the convenience of differentiating it from north american football.  which isn't to say that it isn't pretty bass-ackwards, just that there originally was a somewhat rational reason for it.  

three new mls teams in the next three years; seattle, vancouver, bc, and of course, portland.  if you didn't know, there is a large and very vocal contingent in the pnw that takes their soccer *very* seriously.  

anyhow, us soccer or football is definitely a work in progress, so keep your shorts on kids, we'll get there in time.  
&gt;he wants a $50m signing bonus for strasburg alone.

he wants a $50m contract - not bonus.
gag it before you go to work... problem solved..
can't wait for the seattle/portland rivalry next season. i imagine vancouver will get in on the act too. 
fucking stupid.
this is ridiculous, ask anyone who's played competitive tennis, you have to hit that motherfucker as hard as you can and you still have to aim for are relatively tiny area.  tennis is a hard sport, and keeping your expressions in could make the players lose focus.  besides sharapova has lost many a time so if someone is complaining about her shrieks its because they are being sore losers. 
our defense is pretty shitty. in the last two weeks they have given up way too many goals by giving the opposing players way too much space to do what ever the hell they want
&gt;boras has floated a [$50 million signing-bonus](http://www.scoresreport.com/tag/scott-boras-stephen-strasburg/) demand for strasburg to the media.


i think i heard the reason they are doing this is because the grunting is used to mask the sound of their hit, which supposedly can reveal what kind of shot it is.

i guess you could compare it to baseball like if a fastball sounded different than a changeup, so pitchers grunted to block the sound.
truth be told, your score with her is love.
world champs in 06 maybe, acccording to fifa italy is ranked 4th now.  spain is easily best in the world.
i watch her matches just for the grunts. 
a few years back, one of the local radio djs around where i live created a game for callers.  he dubbed it "porn, or tennis?"

i don't think i have to elaborate further than that.
i think america gets a bad rep in terms of their football abilities. they play pretty good, and for example last night they did keep up the pressure, its just the finishing was abit off.


they do tend to do better than other nations in the world cups. it's probably due to the lack of popularity in their home land where the media highlights their losses more than their accomplishments to basically take the piss out of the sport itself.
it's like playing tennis with a giant bird.
dumbass, you can use the rotation of a tennis ball to tell the exact same thing, the point is that having two clues is easier than having one clue.
owen hargreaves was born in canada.  he lived in canada until he was 16 when he moved to germany to play with bayern munich. he was cut from the canadian u-17 national team.  he swore off playing for canada.  he elected to play for england instead.  he has spent the majority of his career playing for manchester united and bayern munich and he was arguably england's best player at the 2006 world cup.

and canada cut him.
[220+ eh? ](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8po8r/tennis_legend_wants_grunting_banned_from_womens/)
typo
she grunts louder than a plane taking off at her best times 110+ decibels
it's not just tennis players complaining, if you read the article it was the fans complaining
well said, sadly completely true.
if it's the same rules for everyone, they can't complain about it being unfair...
there are ways to exhale without sounding like the foghorn from the titanic.
grunting is part of the game; shrieking like you are passing a kidney stone on every shot is just way over the top. i think it's simply gamesmanship, which in and of itself isn't a bad thing, but this particular type of gamesmanship makes the matches unwatchable for many fans and don't forget that while tennis is a sport the wta is a business. 

so ingenium21 shriek all you want at your club, but if you expect people to pay to watch you play, shut the fuck up while you swing.
i think they are doing it because it's turning people off to watching wta matches. growing numbers of fans are complaining or simply turning their backs on the wta. people rejecting the product being sold would be a concern for any business venture. i cannot watch a sharapova match for precisely this reason, the shrieking drives me crazy. now there are several young stars who are following in shrieky's footsteps. very bad for the wta.


edit: by the way a better analogy would be if pitchers flashed a bright light in the eyes of the batters after throwing the ball...!
yes, but the pitch wasn't thrown by matt garza. i suspect albert pujols would have taken that same pitch and put into low earth orbit. 
that would be a terrible mistake. grunting is an indelible part of the culture of tennis. 
you can hear that first little "uh" she does, imho the rest is forced. sharapova and serena both sound like they are letting out the grunt well after they hit the ball, which tennis should do something about.  i can't imagine standing on the other side of that and still try and play.
much ado about nothing, especially since you can see him shaking hands with zetterberg.  the media is partly to blame too, he got nailed with interviews as soon as the game was over basically.  
italians call it calcio.

seriously, calling it soccer is just fine.
umm...until there is another world championship and someone else is crowned, i'm pretty sure they are still the world champs.
agreed, but you have to think this kid is still a sophomore in high school.  pujols is a grown ass man with several years playing time in the bigs.
"nnnnnharghhhhhhhhhhh!"
&gt;bryce hit a home run 570 feet when he was 15.

...with an aluminum bat.
i was making a joke about 'soccer.'

i speak italian and yes they call it calcio, from the calciare which means to kick.
i was making a joke but to what you said, yes all true http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~pstone/why.html

my brother-in-law is a big us soccer support and loved the new teams coming in especially to the pnw.  soccer has always huge out there with the portland timbers, the seattle storm, etc.

i myself prefer italian serie a and support lazio.
there was an article in here recently about how it could be construed as cheating. the sound of the ball hitting the racket can be an indication of how fast it's coming and how it was hit. the grunting masks that sound. also, i've heard enough girls faking grunt noises in my life - i don't need any more of it in my tennis viewing.

[found the article.](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,27574,25585694-401,00.html)
um, you aren't world champions until you beat the current world champions- italy.
please elaborate. if he intends of playing baseball as a career, and can begin making millions of dollars doing it at age 16, then why not? he will certainly be able to afford a tutor and get an education equal to what he would have gotten in high school, and can also get his ged on time as well. all he will be missing out on is the social aspects of high school, which i think for several million dollars most any of us would have forgone. i don't know if it's a sound idea by the baseball team, but if they've got the money to waste, i see nothing wrong with it.
fans should boo and ridicule them for this.
fine. go ask them to manipulate this vote, since you're so "in tune" with how 4chan thinks. *of course* the rick roll had *nothing* to do with them spamming that last poll. it was all about the sports!
that doesn't say anything about us soccer. for example, argentinian born marcelo eliziaga became an ecuadorian citizen. last week ecuador beat argentina with eliziaga at goal. he even stopped a pk and made some key saves. i doubt you will find anyone that will say argentinian football is not among the best.
good.
&gt;us really only lost 2-1.

no. they lost 3-1.
us soccer actually doesn't suck... at all.

they're currently ranked 14th out of the over 200 countries that are ranked by fifa, and they regularly dominate their regional federation.

just because they haven't won a world cup doesn't mean that they aren't a good team. only 7 teams have *ever* won a world cup (brazil x 5, italy x 4, germany x 3, argentina x 2, uruguay x 2, france x 1, and england x 1).
but the real knowledgeable fringe yanks support arsenal ;)
&gt;we just don't get respect from anyone.

including our own citizens.
yeah, i never said that.  i said that they might spam polls if they thought it was funny, regardless of if they're about sports.  they got someone on america's next top model, for god sakes.  they'll spam anything if they think it's funny.  it's not like sports *are* a meme, something becomes a meme when someone thinks it's funny, and someone else agrees.  it's not even close to unreasonable that they would spam any poll, even sports related ones.  calm down.

and far more people visit 4chan than you think, present company included.  half of "reddit memes" are just rehashed 4chan memes delayed by six months, for god sakes.
&gt;the mls sucks, but team usa is fun to watch.

the mls is actually pretty decent.

i'm a chicago fire season ticket holder, and avid epl watcher (arsenal supporter).

i'd rank the play at about the same level as almost anyone in the epl outside of the "big four".
seems to me you missed a good opportunity to use "shat on" in your headline.
i'm all for anyone making fun of joe buck. the guy is a smarmy asshole who loves to feign disgust at the tiniest hint of wrongdoing.

see also: randy moss' fake mooning of the packer fans.

i'm a sports reporter, specifically soccer, and yep... this is pretty much how it goes. it's all bs but boy does it make a not-so-interesting article/segment interesting. 
it is definitely important to mention that he used an aluminum bat. still, astounding feat. he holds the record for longest homerun in tropicana field (but yes, with an aluminum bat).
i forget where i read it, but one of the things they mentioned was getting him some time with wood bats.  there is definitely a significant difference playing wood vs. aluminum.
stavi scherzando!  mi dispiace. prossima volta non dico niente.
someone actually thought that "joe buck live" was a good idea for a tv show?

i seem to recall this being a sign of the apocalypse...
i always assumed you were danish or something.
anything else you want to get of your chest, artie?

ftw....."the jiz you shot on my back!"
i don't buy it. my sister played tennis through high school and college and not a single one of her team mates or opponents grunted like pro tennis players. sure, the occasional grunt on a hard serve, but not *every* stroke, and certainly not at the volume of sharapove and company.

of course, there's also the question of why male tennis players don't grunt even though they are hitting the ball harder?
nope. i'm a yank, although i support germany internationally due to my strong german heritage.

i realize that probably just lost me some brownie points.
how does he normally look?  i thought that was his schtick.
from article: 
&gt; maria sharapova is reportedly the loudest grunter, at 101 decibels. in order to prevent hearing loss, it is suggested that you should only be around something emitting that type of noise for fifteen minutes per day (tennis matches can run hours long).

it's a good thing she's not grunting *continuously* for 15 minutes...
she'll make an interesting beard. 
&gt;if you didn't know, there is a large and very vocal contingent in the pnw that takes their soccer very seriously.

indeed. i'm quite jealous. i'm a midwesterner. i hold season tickets to the chicago fire. i have been jealous this season when i see seattle's attendance numbers are well over double ours.
the wings left the ice pretty quick too.  if they so desperately wanted to shake his hand, perhaps they should have hung around a little longer.
yeah i thought it was tradition for a lot of the guys on the losing team to stand to one side and watch the presentation and whack their sticks on the ice in respect. 
why do i get the feeling artie lange was brought in to do exactly that?  i had no idea, nor would i even care, that joe buck had a show until just now.

"going viral" is exactly the point of this way too obvious hatchet job.
non ti preoccupa.
if the red wings resign hossa they will not be a cup contending team.  basically they'll have 4 elite players, and the rest of the team will be bargain basement cast offs of other teams. basically all you gotta do is put your best defensive line up against their best o line and the rest takes care of itself.
on the stern show today, artie said that the producers told him to "go wild" if the show was boring. i think artie was simply following that request. besides, joe buck is smug and rarely gets it thrown back in his face.
as far as i'm concerned spain proved themselves in euro 08 to be better than italy.
and there it is.
in this case, if artie got this show canceled, then the end justifies the means.
great find, thanks a lot.  there's no way i would have actually looked for a clip of the joe buck show, since i never expected anything so awesome could have ever happened on it.
not sure why joe acted as if artie was ruining his show? supposedly he's a huge fan of the show and of artie's. 
anyone got the hbo web segment that aired after the tv show? 

edit: i guess thats what this video is.

i enjoy arte on the stern show and arte was brutal. i laughed out loud but i was completely uncomfortable watching the video. 
what!? you got a card for grunting as you kicked the ball? 
i'm upvoting this story because the comments are great - the headline is awful though. as previous comments have stated, the kid was never going to play for the us if he had it his way. 

it's just nice to see a discussion about us soccer
great analysis
the us fan support and interest rank about as high as michael phelps swimming not during the olympics. 
it is all luck, and i thought that he hit st. pierre with a spinning back fist when he won the title. either way, my point was that the only time serra ever wins is by way of fluke.
eh. average attendance for the mls is about the same as nhl, which is considered a "major" sport.
joe buck is terrible and i *almost* felt bad for him watching this. the best part was when artie said, *"well someone has to look natural on this show".*
i think it would be funny if he tried to come crawling back to pittsburgh.
i hear the bears are looking for a wr.  :)
&gt;then angel pagan, who was 4-6, hit a long drive into the gap in left center. ryan church scored from first. there was one little problem. he missed third base. he fucking missed third. the dodgers appealed and he was called out.

fuck.  i almost forgot about that.  what a shit of a team to watch.
fail.
what a dick. joe handled it well. i guess that's why he's got his own show.
elaboration - it is my opinion that his and his parents idea to forgo the last 2 years of school is fucking stupid.  he can do all those things that you say or he could get 4 million dollars for signing, get injured, get injured , get addicted to pain killers, not be able to play, get depressed and kill himself.
ok fine. consider this scenarion, say the us scored in the last minute, instead of italy. would you then say that the us still lost 2-1, because the tying goal was in penalty time and after the game had been decided? no!  
a game is never decided before the ref blows the whistle, especially when there is only a 1 goal difference. 
bcisme's top soccer players ever:

1. maradona
2. pele
3. beckenbauer
4. cruyff
5. zidane
6. ronaldinho 
7. maldini
8. charlton
9. eusébio
10. di stefano 

just added interest, everyone loves to debate these lists.
haha, yea i know. wheres the actual show footage? 
if there is a god joe buck's career is over.
it's not the teams you have to be prepared for, it's the people...
please...joe buck is a talent-less hack that only has a job because his dad was great. he bores me to tears throughout the baseball playoffs every year. it's so obvious that joe is completely out of his element and no match for lange.
umm. . .what year?
here are the real problems with the us team:

1) the team is stale.  we have had the same core players for the last 6 years and most of them haven't developed past where they were 6 years ago.  we have a few young guys, altidore, adu, brek shea, that _could_ become very good and reinvigorate the team.  will this happen before the wc next year, doubtful.

2) the us does not have a definable style of play.  they never look like they know what they want to do with the ball.  half the players want to play possession the other half just want to hoof it up field and see what happens.  the us needs a coach that can mold a team around a single style.  if the us can find a coach that can motivate the team and get them to play a consistant style the us could have a chance against anyone.  basically, we need guus hiddink.

3) the best us players, clint dempsey and tim howard to be more specific, play nowhere near the level they play at in the epl.  dempsey should be amazing for the us, he is arguably the best player on an epl top 10 side, but for some reason he can't seem to find that form for the us.  same thing with howard, great keeper in england, not as impressive when he puts on the red, white, and blue.

so basically, we need a new coach that will play a style that is well defined and that plays to our strengths.  also, we need a coach that can find a way to motiviate and reinvigorate the squad.  


he seems like a likable person to me.
the last winners of the world cup are world champions until someone dethrones them next summer in south africa. 

your concerns have no bearing on this fact.
i was starting to get excited...but we have a whole other year.  
awesome vid.

boo to the downmodder.
god that was absolutely horrible. blegh left a bad taste in my mouth.
yeah, as likable as ted haggard.
sosa said to test positive in 2003 

http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/17/sports/baseball/17doping.html
sosa said to test positive in 2003 

http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/17/sports/baseball/17doping.html
he's got a detectable moral compass, unlike artie lange, who seems like a debased, debaucherous, morally bankrupt loser. i guess you relate to him, huh?
that son of a bitch....
first time i've ever been on joe's side on anything. artie was the wrong person to hack at joe. should have gotten someone that could do it with a little class. 

the host had to be professional. the guest could just be sophomoric. 
what's the point of having a moral compass if you never look at it?
two questions:

&gt; the lawyers who had knowledge of sosa’s inclusion on the 2003 list did not know the substance for which sosa tested positive. they spoke on condition of anonymity because they did not want to be identified as discussing material that is sealed by a court order.

* it *does* sort of matter what he tested positive for...

* who are these idiot lawyers that are leaking information that is sealed by court order?  that's a much bigger infraction than taking steroids imho.  baseball doesn't matter quite so much as the judicial system.

and why wait until now to reveal information that has apparently been floating around for 6 years?  i have to question who these guys are and what their motivation is to stick their necks out like this and potentially risk their careers just to sling mud (as i see it).
i don't know.
breaking news: something happened six years ago!
strange that this info gets leaked just hours before the sox-cubs series starts.  
way to botch copy-and-pasting.
ok, fine drop the title.  can we agree that this year's italy is not of the same caliber of the 2006 team?
if you had watched the game you would have been able to tell that the outcome had already been decided and the us team was not putting up a fight in penalty time. the 3rd goal was not a factor and is misleading in the closeness of the game. the box score will read 3-1, but the us team deserves more credit than that. (and i'm sure you're next comment will be, "well a loss by one goal counts the same as a loss by 2, 3, 4... but i'm talking about skill of play)
what the **** is wrong with you??!  that whole list is complete garbage!!!!!  ahhhhhhh
buck was playing the straight man for the audience.  that's how comedy works.  joe buck is an intelligent guy and is self aware enough to know that he has a reputation as smug and pompous.  part of the gag is buck parodying/self deprecating himself.  
if there is a god, joe buck's career would have never started.
it amazes me how dismissive our system can be about pedestrian accidents, if the person was outside of the cross walk.  i live in chicago and, if a driver kills a bicyclist / pedestrian that was outside the cross walk, it's like a tree falling in the woods.

his comments in usatoday say otherwise. 
&gt;debased, debaucherous, morally bankrupt loser.

that's my kind of people.

joe buck has the personality of sawdust. he's too clean cut, boring and has as much spark as a shit underwater. 
do you seriously think joe buck is not aware of his reputation?  do you think joe buck and his producers did not allow all that to happen on purpose?  it clears the air to have that brought out.  it was self-parodying.  joe buck is many things, but unintelligent is not one of them.

'there's no such thing as bad press' fits like a glove.  artie even let us know what was going on when he said, "lets make some news."  that they planned a web segment and left it up screems preplanned viral marketing.

time to release the entire list
we should give a medal of honor to the one player who didn't use steroids in the past two decades
[edit] baseball is such a joke...
i don't welcome those kinds of people into my life. i have more respect for myself than that. fuck artie lange. he's a piece of shit. he should have gotten his ass beat.
res ipsa loquitur. buck has to do that because of all his other sources of work require (fox, budweiser, etc) he condemn what lang said.  

what's missing from all this is the irony that many who have criticized buck for being a fuddy-duddy are now indignant.  clever bit pulled off very well.

the [article](http://www.usatoday.com/sports/2009-06-16-artie-lange-joe-buck_n.htm?poe=hfmostpopular) gets to the  crux at the bottom:

&gt;controversy's not a bad thing in the tv business, especially when networks are trying to get viewers to try out new shows. clips of lange's performance on joe buck live were already ping-ponging around youtube last night. 
cometparty is that a reference to "night of the comet"?

and there is nothing wrong with being a degenerate asshole sometimes. life is short, why not screw some whores, do some blow and get pissed drunk every once in a while? it seems to have worked for him.
nfl lineman leonard little, after repeated dui arrests, was duiing when he caused an accident that killed a woman. he served no time for this death. nor did he call or make any apologies to the family. 
fuck joe buck 
you may be giving them too much credit considering since his target audience overlaps with o'reilly's. 

the man takes himself more seriously than the pope and is more ridged than his cialis induced erection. perhaps the producers and artie were in on it but the jokes and dialogue were so atrociously thrown together that it was either last minute planning or godawful improv.

the dude even called out paul rudd saying, "you suck, do something", it's *his* goddamn show and he doesn't even have the ability to make material with **three** guests besides idle chat about childhood basketball camp.
stallworth made a horrible mistake, but the victem was jaywalking on a causeway. he was also negligent and contributed to the accident. 
are you referring to frank thomas?
vick knew what he was doing, and continued to do it for quiet a long time.  as cambridge2048 noted, the victim was jaywalking and thus had some responsibility in this.  i'm not saying stallworth is innocent, if anything they should *each* be in prison longer.

also, bicyclists in chicago usually don't follow *any* of the traffic rules.  if they are killed outside of the bike lane, chances are they probably cut across traffic (or some other such action).
god fucking damn it.

every fucking article gets downvoted immediately.
if the "anonymous" list were truly anonymous, there wouldn't be any names to release. since there are, then it's clear that someone had an agenda to make it all known - either to extort money or to give baseball repeated black eyes.

just fucking release it already. however much damage mlb thinks they're preventing by keeping it under wraps, it's minuscule compared to the damage to be done by leaking it out a handful at a time for 10 years. the big names have already had their damage done - sosa, mcgwire, clemens, pettite, rodriguez - do they really think that some guy who had 5 at-bats late one september and showed up on this list is going to make any difference to the public's perception?
actually there *is* something wrong with being a degenerate asshole sometimes. we just have a difference of opinion on that, i guess.

&gt; cometparty is that a reference to "night of the comet"?

no, i wish i could say it was, but i can't. i guess it's a three-fold reference; one to the parties ancient people held when comets were in the sky, one to the [heaven's gate](http://tinyurl.com/6n29bb) cult event, one to just the general idea of partying right before the end of the world... not like an asshole, though. i don't subscribe to the idea that since life is short nothing matters. 
well for one thing, releasing this information is a violation of [hipaa laws](http://www.hipaaprivacyworkgroups.com/hipaa%20penalties.htm).

&gt;if the offense is committed with intent to sell, transfer, or use individually identifiable health information for commercial advantage, personal gain, or malicious harm, be fined not more than $250,000, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both."

a fine up to $250,000 dollars *and* 10 years in prison *per* offense sounds like a pretty hefty penalty.

note, i think they should be released, but there is a very good reason why mlb will not release this information other than anonymous sources leaking it.
if they gave up by penalty time it means the game wasnt close at all.
the year jason giambi got his mvp he was on steroids, frank thomas was 2nd that year another, frank has been robbed of that mvp award.

what frank did in the 90's is scary. he had walks, avg, extreme power......and was 100% natural.
yeah, he was just a naturally huge fucking dude.  and he was calling for steroid testing... what 15 years ago?  
it got leaked because corky mcsteroids 12 days ago was saying arrogantly that he will retire and "calmly wait for hof induction"

http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8prpz/corky_mcsteroids_aka_sammy_sosa_to_retire_and/

im not surprised that some body could have gotten pissed about his attitude along with the facts and that's why it got out now.
was it cork?
i came here to say this.
without videos we're nothing
i don't get why this should kill the show. it was pure entertainment and so much better than the 'hey you guys went to school together' bs. we need  more shows like that!
sure thing chief. 
breaking news: barack obama wins the presidential election!
yeah, the si article says he's competing in some wood bat leagues.
and until italy gets back to the top of fifa's international rankings, spain is the best team in the world.
tv ratings aren't close. as a casual fan i've never heard anyone talk about mls, but will often have conversations about local nhl teams or crosby/ovechkin. when i want to watch or talk about futbol i follow uefa.
spain always chokes on the big stage though.
fuck ya, gotta love artie destroying.
1.) this isn't a problem a coach can fix.  no one has shown themselves to be quality enough to consistently replace guys like donovan, boca, and gooch.  bradley has tried out over 60 players since he's been head coach, so you can't say he hasn't been looking.

2.) the us doesn't have the players to come up with a definable style of play.  can you name any player we have that has such talent that you can form your system around them?  in 2002 the closest we had was the fact that donovan was fast.  our players are okay at a lot of things, their physical traits are all over the map, and we don't have a soccer history to look to for inspiration.  the entire idea that you need a style is flawed to begin with; capello has pulled england forward by bringing in a new style to augment the traditional english determination and effort.

3.) a player's performance depends a lot on who they're playing with and what their situation is.  clint dempsey can get better service at fulham and he knows his teammates can help him out if he makes the occasional mistake, so he has more opportunities to do something with the ball.  tim howard has joleon lescott and phil jagielka protecting him at everton, jay demerit and oguchi onyewu with the states.  the confidence you have playing with better teammates always helps your own performance.

i don't think the coach matters too much, they can only make the players work to the best of their abilities.  these players seem to be reaching the limits of their talent; come back in 2014 when boca and donovan are on the way out with altidore and (michael) bradley leading the way.
this years lakers were good but how do they stack up all time? nice list comparing the different great lakers teams. i think i got to go with the magic johnson lead lakers.
before the last world cup we were ranked number 5 in the world, ahead of all of those previous world cup winners except brazil.  take that ranking with a grain of salt.
portland's scheduled to come into the league in 2011.  and i imagine vancouver's main rival will be toronto.
tried being the key word.  pittsburgh i'm hoping doesn't want him.  he wants paid too much for someone with a history of disappearing in the playoffs (given his talent level).
you're implying that all drug test results are subject to this regulation. if so, why is it that when someone tests positive today, it's announced in all the major media, from official sources?

but assuming you're right, why not have these anonymous sources "leak" the whole list? if they're anonymous, they have nothing to gain by letting it out piecemeal, unless they're set on giving mlb a recurring black eye for the next 10 years as i said above.
joe buck's career is proof of the angry, old testament version of god.
&gt;you're implying that all drug test results are subject to this regulation.

i'm not implying anything, that is a fact.  anything at all relating to releasing *anyone's* health information without their consent is a major violation of federal laws. 

not sure if you're a cubs fan, but this is why milton bradley had been a pain in the ass this year.  he wouldn't talk to the media about what was going on with his injuries, so there was literally nothing the media could do about it.  the coach, the trainer - no one - can say a damn thing about his condition unless he gave them the ok to do.

&gt;if so, why is it that when someone tests positive today, it's announced in all the major media, from official sources?

that's because who ever is releasing this is doing it anonymously.  it may not be the same person releasing this info, it may be person a holding a grudge against a rod.  while person b really fucking hates sosa.  who knows.

i am not at all affected by someone testing positive for steroids when it wasn't illegal by the league's rules (2003).  in fact, i think you'd be stupid not to take steroids in that kind of environment.
there's no way thomas wasn't on roids. why is everyone so sure he wasn't? 
he was calling for testing to be a standard procedure.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frank_thomas_(al_baseball_player)#advocate_for_drug_testing

he's probably the one guy i'd be comfortable saying (almost) no doubt he was clean.  if i had to say how certain, around 95%.  no one else i could be that confident of.

edit: ok, not sure why the link isn't working, but it's one of the last sections on his wikipedia page.
i'd accept him back at the same salary he left with.  minus $1.
i have absolutely nothing nice to say about seattle and their supporters other than the fact that thus far they have had the good taste to remain a pimple on the ass of the [timbers army](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timbers_army).

rose city till i die!   

  
seattle sounders, named after puget sound.  possibly you had them confused with the vancouver whitecaps an hour to the north.  

i myself am a timbers supporter; rose city till i die!  
you should write psas.
i was watching south africa x iraq and my father asked if i was watching a formula one race.
alright, here's the deal; portland/seattle has always been a huge rivalry in usl because portland is basically seattle's bitch in all other matters sporting, economic and cultural.  i mean, you think of the main us city in the pnw, you think of seattle, not portland, so we have a bit of resentment to work off that was exacerbated by the fact that seattle got the first pnw mls franchise in  spite of the fact that portland has (in the timbers army) a far stronger and more numerous and more established fan-base.  

as for vancouver bc --you must remember that vancouver wa is just across the columbia from portland-- while there is no long-standing regional animosity as exists between the timbers and sounders, supporters of both of the latter teams have, in the spirit of regional inclusion, developed a healthy dislike for the whitecaps and have begun organizing bus and train trips north.   whitecaps supporters, to their great credit, have returned the favor and while the main source of rivalry is still between portland and seattle, vancouver (bc) is not far behind.  

that said, this season the sounders go mls and therefore won't play the timbers unless someone puts together a friendly, which is pretty preposterous.  

next year the whitecaps go mls and that will be a blow to portland (which still has the biggest and most well-organized supporters group) but the year following, portland is slated to move up to mls as well, can i get a hallelujah!

  
seattle jumps up to mls from usl this year, vancouver goes next year, and provided the puling sissy-boy idiots down at city hall can get their fucking shit together, portland will go in 2011.  

because of distance, vancouver's main rivals will still be portland and seattle.  you won't necessarily understand why if you don't live in the pnw where we take our soccer very seriously and are prone to organizing bus-trips to the neighboring metro areas in order to support our boys, drink the best beer in the world, get rained on, shout ourselves hoarse, brawl a bit, get rained on some more, generally create public nuisances of ourselves, and then roll home through a damp falling mist with the sun poking through only on rare occasions.  

my objection to toronto as vancouver's main rival is that it's just too far and that as such toronto supporters will have a time showing up in vancouver in any significant numbers.  not only that, portland and seattle share with vancouver the basic beer, forest, rain, sea and coffee culture that is so much a part of the pnw.         
let us start with this...

&gt;i don't think the coach matters too much

&gt;capello has pulled england forward

the coach can make a huge difference.  ask russia, south korea, chelsea and australia about guus hiddink or chelsea about jose mourinho.  also, pep vs. rijkaard at barca. same players, completely different results.  

&gt;the confidence you have playing with better teammates always helps your own performance

depends on the player, some players elevate their game because they are representing their country.  howard and dempsey have the ability, for some reason they don't elevate for the us games, which is my point.  maybe it is bad chemistry, maybe it is bad strategy, this is what bradley gets paid to figure out.  why is it landon can score goals and dempsey can't?  is landon that much better, i don't think he is.

as for our style, i don't care if you have a mix of players or not, you have to play with some defined style.  i mean, you are going to lose either way, you might as well be organized and show that you have some idea how the game should be played.


just because joe buck is talent-less doesn't mean that artie is no less of an unfunny talent-less asshole.
thanks for the heads up. i have friends in portland but never got exactly why the rivalry exists between the two cities.
&gt; he's probably the one guy i'd be comfortable saying (almost) no doubt he was clean.

what about griffey jr? 
ok you got me there.  i'd say i'd be really shocked if ken griffey jr. was a user.  also thome, a little less shocked - but still surprised.
joe buck "live"?  isn't that kind of an oxymoron?
all soccer (football) games i've ever seen in south africa are like that, and while not necessarily useful, all the people here seem to love it.

fifa must've known this is how we operate, and they still gave the world cup to south africa, so either they completely missed it, or like me, they don't really mind as its just a little noise. i hardly notice it anymore, but i'm sorry if it bothers you.

viva!
i can confidently state that jim thome has never done steroids. he is quite possibly the nicest man on the planet.
him and sandy alomar jr., also.
oh wow. it's either the fever, or you read my mind.  i thought i included him at one point.  as a die hard cubs fan, it takes a lot of pride for me to admit that two sox players are part of the ones without doubt are one of the few that were clean.  and i honestly believe he is one of them.

edit:  i guess i didn't include him, but i meant to.  i recently heard an interview with someone on sports central.  they were talking about how you can't be certain anyone would be clean, but thome is one of the last few you'd expect.  they mentioned how one of them brought up how thome would feel if they asked him about it.  he basically stated he wouldn't appreciate the accusation since he's a stand up guy, but based on the supposed credibility of all those who were supposedly clean - he could understand why they would ask.

he may be a sox player, but he plays the game the way it was meant to be played.  and i can't honestly hold it against him that he doesn't play for my team.
that would make artie the second coming...
i'll only watch my country play, not gonna bother with other matches. i seriously hope fifa will notice a drop in ratings, i can't imagine i'm the only one to turn the tv off because of the noise.

it really is incredibly annoying. it's a tough choice though, it seems to be a south-african fan thing, and it's kinda hard to ban a tradition.

&gt; however after the south african football association, safa, made a presentation that the vuvuzelas were essential for an authentic south african football experience, in july 2008 fifa decided to drop the ban and vuvuzelas will be allowed at matches during confederations cup 2009 and world cup 2010 in south africa.
i can't wait for the disaster that is to come.
actually i was referencing the older clubs from the pnw.  the [seattle storm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seattle_storm_(soccer\)) from the 80's and 90's and not the new seattle sounders team and the old [nasl portlan timbers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portland_timbers_(nasl\)) team, not the  usl or mls ones.

edit: fixed the wikipedia links by escaping the )
uh, australia hosted the olympics in 2000 not 2004. as much as i would love to see a world cup in australia i'm sort of glad it will be in africa. 

australia for 2022 world cup!
i'll say the one nice thing about joe buck that i can think of: he's no steve "psycho" lyons.
i'm from sa and find it extremely irritating. i remember at the anouncement when one of the ministers had one and irritated the crap out of blatter. 
he came to pittsburgh with a stigma of disappearing.  he had a decent post season with the pens (11 goals i believe) but, for every goal he scored you can probably count 2 more good scoring chances he blew.  also, its not how much as much as when a lot of the times. he scored goals in 3 games this year for the wings and in the biggest series of his life came away with 3 assists in 7 games. granted the series had some great defense and goaltending on both sides. but in reality he's a sniper, his job is to score goals, and that is awful production for someone who wants $7 million a year. 

i do agree though, i think he heads to somewhere else this off season. 
what would save the world cup and the integrity of your sport would be a nailbat to the legs of any player that fakes an injury. the last world cup was an embarrassment.
i think the title should read "joe buck's shitty new show completely saved by artie lange."  anyone see the show? the only part worth watching is artie i could care less about joe buck's high school years.  

http://savebabygorilla.com/
four years ago, the gm of the expos (former nats) traded grady sizemore, cliff lee, and brandon phillips for bartolo colon.  today, the same gm manages the mets.
i don't usually watch soccer, but after watching some highlights of match play yesterday, i think i can safely say that that pattern will continue.  it sounded like my ears were getting raped =/
i will agree that the overstated drama should lead to more yellows.  calling out the stretcher should mean you're finished for the match.  using that tactic as a means to kill the clock is terrible.
if ken griffey jr. was a user, then i think i could never trust another human being again in my lifetime.
positive spin - i'd rather see joe buck do this than announce my favorite sporting events.
ps: [haha!](http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/news/story?id=4264062)
the world cup finals was the worst display of overall sportsmanship i have seen in my life. not even ron artest can top the shit that happened that day.
couldn't care less. couldn't, not could.
steve lyons is a turd. honestly, my most hated announcer is probably buck but thom brennaman is a close second. those two have cornered the market on smarm and cheese.
that is seriously, incredibly dumb. i like the suggestion of the gordie howe hat trick award. although, gordie howe himself only ever accomplished the feat in 2 games. 

which is a cooler award? the cy young, or the al mvp. the lamar hunt trophy, or the al pennant? 

the trophys are a link to history, and i've always thought that hockey had the best awards. the nba finals mvp is named after bill russell now, which i think makes it a little cooler, but its still pretty recent. the nba champions get the larry o'brien trophy, and most people don't know what it's called. everyone knows the stanley cup. 

how lame does offensive rookie of the year, or defensive player of the year sound in comparison to winning the calder trophy or the norris trophy. 
heil!!
this hellish thing should be banned by all means or world cup would be ruined.
i had to turn the volume off during the us vs italy game.
felonies being the key similarity. athletes that have been convicted of crimes. although like you i tend to think people have the right to use drugs as they see fit without interferrence from the government - however some of them have shot other people, beat their wives, i mean there's a pretty rough crew getting away all sorts of bullshit but mv and dog fighting is worse that the others? i don't think so no. 

just out of curiosity how do you feel about steroids in baseball? 
men against boys.
heh. good find. i had run across pics of her before. what a doll. a doll who could flip a beer keg over a wall.
please please please **please** don't let the ravens take him!  we knew better than to take t.o.!  keep the streak alive!
i disliked the renaming of the divisions, i don't like this idea. 
to and marshall are similar players and both are headcases but in very different ways. to is arrogant and a team cancer, but marshall is just an idiot and puts himself in bad situations. to be honest, that's really not too bad as long as he doesn't hurt the team's makeup, and he could be a huge addition to the ravens.
confirm/deny:  josh mcdaniels is the best coach.
he's also a huge discount compared to to when looking at talent, headache, and price.
laaaaaaate.
agreed, though being a habs fan i am biased to love deep history.
bbbbbzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

now what would happen if a swarm of african killer bees attacked the stadium...would the fans be able to distinguish between the two sounds?
i can name several players on the cubs who i can be fairly certain are not on steroids.
don't care. baseball is not a sport. don't care. 
i'm okay with renaming the conferences to east and west for simplicity sake, because they still have the campbell and prince of wales trophy, so it's not like that has totally disappeared. 
i'm an avalanche fan, so not a lot of history there, but the history is still a big thing for me, was one of the draws that got me interested in hockey in the first place. 
i already feel that way as it is.  : (
all noisemakers are annoying at sporting events. i sat behind a lady at a hockey game recently who had a fucking cow bell. 
i heard the bungals wee in the market for some more criminals
he's such a dumbass
&gt; there is absolutely zero loyalty in sports. athletes just don’t realize what they have is what everybody else wants and instead, they want even more than what they’ve got. 

s/sports/life, s/athletes/people
him and gary bettman
rightfully so.  his home run hop, on the other hand, deserves it's own wing in the hall.
&gt;i don’t blame selig for being peeved that someone is leaking names that were supposed to be kept anonymous. after all, the only reason the player’s union agreed to the ’03 drug testing was because the players who tested positive wouldn’t be punished and because their names would never be released.

i echo that sentiment.  after all, it wasn't illegal in 2003, the tests were to ascertain if testing should happen in the next year.  he has to protect the players' rights, even if they were doing wrong at the time.

&gt;what selig should do is go back on his word to the player’s union and release the rest of the 104 names on that 2003 list before the media does. a-rod and sosa’s names have already been released 

and lose all credibility with the players?  do we want another strike?  no, this may be reprehensible from the standpoint of sullying records, but it's the right thing to do as the commissioner, whose duty it is to keep baseball going head-forward.  even if he released the full list tomorrow, there would be plenty of people with no testing data, always question marks with regards to every great player from that era.  it's all manufactured outrage, and he's doing the right thing by trying to look forward.  it's illegal now.  that should be enough.
i am gonna cry if the broncos end up with a 12-4 record or something. 
i am going to cry with joy.
i think it's safe to assume your favorite player was doing steroids in those days.
i submitted a form at 
http://www.fifa.com/contact/form.html 

upvotes aren't going to ban vuvuzela.  tell fifa what you think!
my lord those things are annoying!  i was watching the us-italy match and it was unbelievable.  i can't imagine what it must be like inside that stadium.  like going insane to the sound of a bee swarm in your head.
thanks for the link!  i submitted my complaint (and made sure to mention declining ratings).
while i have no love for selig, he has every right to be pissed off, the leaks are a breach of the player's trust and illegal.

whether or not the players have earned that trust from the public is a separate issue.
so much awesome .. brain can't compute....
if they wanted them to be anonymous, why did they put names on them in the first place? i guess they needed a mechanism to keep track of who had been tested and who hadn't, but it it should have been conducted in a manner that the results had no id connected to them at all. seems like something that could have easily been done. 
not going to happen. they're too much a part of the football watching culture here. 

come to think of it, i can actually hear the stadium from here right now - a good 15 kms away. 
"juuuuuuuuuuust a bit outside."
didn't they already try doing this years ago?
hoodwink
ha, from the news you could have used two days ago department. i got excited and was ready for a road trip.

then i realized that this blog post was written two days ago. sigh.
last night on pti wilbon said he saw sosa recently and he hardly recognized him. he thought he looked like a jockey he had dropped so much mass. 
that's a large part of the point.  it's pretty clear that mlb majorly fucked up when they applied that test.
ugh, these things are ear rape. i don't care if they are essential for an authentic south african football experience, because apparently an authentic south african football experience is a miserable and ugly thing.
training in the hood using whatever is around as equipment 
yep charlatan he hoodwinked us all
there's a saying in sports:  "that's why they play the games."

you don't know who's better than who until you play the games. until then, all the talk means nothing.  
well, he just delivered a 3-0 meatball to that neanderthal on the nationals- who promptly knocked it into the parking lot.

"*hey wang! it's a parking lot!*"

wtf is up with selig and his sidekick bettman these days. these guys think they are bigger than their respective sports. the owners need to wise up and kick both of these sorry asses on the street. it's way over due.
so then, last time the two played, los rojos prevailed.
marshall best run for the door... kyle orton is no jay cutler...
im just sick of the puppets...
hmmm..  do you post on bigtalker?  i'm going to guess no since you didn't outright insult anyone's mother in this post.
 maybe the indians will entertain [ten cent beer night](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/10_cent_beer_night) again. 
shaq would kick his ass...and i would pay money to see it.
mauer doesn't even have enough at bats to qualify to lead the league, david wright leads the majors at approximately .360, and what that tells me is that once he gets more abs his average will come way down. the less the sample is the greater the change for it to be skewed because of a hot streak or a cold streak.      
yeah, 156 ab's is a joke.
i took a trip to ebay and dropped $57 on one. they always get you with the shipping charges.
&gt;however, since mauer would still lead the a.l. in average if you added the appropriate number of hitless at-bats to his current total, he'd be awarded the title if the season ended today.
greatest ending ever to a high school football game in texas.
oh well.  that was an awesome comeback, but you can't let up until the game's over.
that was pretty unncecessary...it really makes me wanna root against her. that being said that was awesome.
now i know those boys in texas know how to tackle, wtf?

oh this is east texas!

jk, great link, love the nostalgia!
if cal ripken did steroids, i will never watch another baseball game again.  and no, i don't think he did.
guess they should have stuck with that onside kick, it was working well the first 3 times.
i want one!!!  please can anybody find out where i can get one?  sorry but i'm too far from cleveland to actually go the game.
you all let yourself be hoodwinked.
ghettofab.
the proof was when he got rooney thrown out and then winked at his bench.
&gt; if the season ended today.

the season doesn't end today, it's a marathon and he's a catcher which will make it even harder to stay healthy. 
more from the ["too late to be of any use to you"](http://www.clevescene.com/64-and-counting/archives/2009/06/04/cleveland-bar-celebrates-35th-anniversary-of-ten-cent-beer-night-with-ten-cent-beer) category.
that is false. what is with all these sports guys wanting to fight hong man choi?
honestly screw this guy. the athlete plays the sport so he can *play the sport*, not so he can be a member of a team. more power to brett...yes, it's getting blown up way too much, but damn, if the man wants to play...and can still play...let him do it
before viewing the clip, i was under the impression that she attacked him out of anger at a question or a remark, but the reality was quite different...

this woman is quite dangerous, though.
i think shaq can beat this guy. first off, shaq is an elite professional athlete. clearly has lost quite a few steps since his early years, but he is still quite nimble for someone of his size. shaq has actually been training in mma fighting for almost 10 years. anyway i just want to watch the 2 fight, come on already!!1@#$
hah that was gold 

"oh shit"
coz everyone has beaten him. he looks fearsome but he has no stamina and is an easy pick
won't happen
what is a bibby?
don't know what bigtalker is...but discussing sports on the internet, for the most part, is futile.  like you said, most conversations about sports on the internet descend into name calling and people blindly supporting their favorite teams.  i'd rather not get into those discussions.  
bitch got choked out by a bitch!
mind = blown
oh it's a joke about bigsoccer.. the most irritating footy site on the net.

if you were on there i was thinking i'd look out for your posts :)
politics and "contributions".  it sucks, but it's not a big deal.
good gosh almighty. least inspirational game ever.

makes me want to get a pickup truck, some chawin' terbacky, and an old dog named blue. 
start it at around four minutes unless you want to be bored for around four minutes.
http://www.atdhe.net/index.html

have fun
just like he would have gotten ko by a sucker punch.
are you saying jesus christ couldn't hit a curve ball?
chipper jones had a &gt;.400 last year at all-star break, and si ran a great article about how it's nearly impossible for a modern era hitter to hit .400 realistically.  back in the ted williams day, he saw maybe 20 pitchers over the course of a season whereas now you'll see well over 100.  pitchers throw harder and on more rest.  not even to mention that he's coming off of back surgery.  and that &gt;.400 babip?  that's completely ridiculous.  that is the biggest factor telling you he's due for a crash in ba.

but mauer is really a virtuoso hitter.  if anyone could do it, it could be him.  we'll have to see.
boring.. all those breaks!
arkansas didn't win that game. uva lost it. they were one strike away from winning the game when they gave up a 2 run homerun. bottom of the 9th, one ball away from a walk-off win, and they hit into a double play. the 10th and the 11th were 3up, 3down innings for arkansas and virginia put at least 2 men on base each time, but they still couldn't score. arkansas goes up by one in the 12th, and with a man on 3rd with 1 out, virginia still is unable to convert to tie it up.

one of the most depressing games i've ever watched.
espn360 lets you stream games. if not. you can always search for teh game you want to watch at justin.tv
uva had a 3-0 count in the bottom of the 9th with the bases loaded.  next pitch, ball, clearly high and away, game over.  the ump called it a strike...
did anyone else think that the commentator sounded like a character from "the dukes of hazard" right at the end?   
how is babby formed
my favorite part was when the title gave away the punchline.
as an arkie, i revel in your depression.  
http://banthevuvuzela.blogspot.com/

players like xabi alonso even want them banned because it makes it hard to communicate on the pitch.

bzzzzzzzzz

so lets get these shit "instruments" banned, they do nothing for the atmosphere, they destroy it. they're not  sporting culture they're just hiding the fact that they can't sing or chant
did you just wake up from a coma?
roscoe or cooter?
i done wet my britches!!! haha.  guess their coach never heard of a squib kick?
the cage is not wwe.
espn 2 used to have a horrible logo.
omar little rules!!!!
ustream
are you kidding?  plano state didn't even have a chance to win, yet they came all the way back with their backs against the wall in the fourth quarter.  even if they lost in the end, that's still **epic football.**
you can play bethpage black here at world golf tour. great graphics.   
http://www.wgt.com/?utm_source=worldgolftour&amp;utm_medium=flash_main&amp;utm_campaign=october2008
reno might be butch, but she can't dunk.  
that is the very definition of chickenshit.
exactly.

overcoming such a huge deficit with so little time left in the game will probably not happen again for a very... long... time.  

epic indeed.
and they used the rule incorrectly, too - the rule calls for a warning, and they got the stupid umpires to call the player out.

the minnesota college athletic conference should reverse the call and give the game to the central lakes college - it was a game-ending home run that got taken away.
how can one truly appreciate what happened without watching the clip from beginning to end?

it could be worse, sir.  it could have been a video of the entire game.  of course, you would probably be all, "maaan.. this game sucks.  what a blowout." and not see the end.  ;^)  who knows?
looks like its going to be another brawn redbull affair, unless ferrari step up.
i might have been on board with you - except that she was wrong about the rules.  it should not have been an out - it should have been a warning.
i was always very aware of this rule in high school and i'm sure that the girls and coach of the team were as well... they just didn't expect to get called out on it.  if you think it's a dumb rule, work to have the rule changed, but don't expect to not play by the rules.

i have to say that reilly has this one all wrong.
the rule was incorrectly enforced.  it should have been a warning, not an out.
sorry, what is "the rule"?
comeback fail
this is nonsense. they play to win and if the rule was as she thought why wouldn't she utilize it? her job is to do everything she can help her team win.  it is not her fault the umpires failed at their jobs and did not know the rule. too much pride to consult the rule book? 





gotta love texas high school football. 
nothing to excuse.  

the umpires failed at their jobs which is to know and enforce the rules.
the coach did her job, do whatever you can to win the game.

i don't understand how that is the coaches fault and she should be held responsible.  the umpires are there for a reason.
the highlight for me was "i done wet my britches"
"play to win the game" is garbage, especially for non-professionals.

you play the game to compete with other people.  you play to see how good you are compared to the rest.  you are saying the end justifies the means, which is bullshit.  there is integrity and sportsmanship, which mean a lot more than winning, in the long run.

her job is to teach these young ladies morals, ethics, and integrity.  if you can win baseball games too, then fine.  it is a community college softball team, it's not like she is managing the yankees.

 
yeah beh beh!
it's a good thing the batter wasn't [george brett](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rombzojhcmy)
i'm not sure exactly how the coach got the rule wrong; he executed the appeal properly based on what was written. there's actually a long [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_play) on appeal plays, oddly enough.

i assume thekrone just ruled that the player had touched second base and was therefore not out, and the coach disagreed.
i had a lot of money riding on that game damn it!
where did you find out about the warning call?
lol exactly what i thought. that coach (or bitch, if you like) would've gotten knocked the fuck out. what horseshit. i can't believe someone would actually pull this and feel good about winning. i'd feel exactly like you should - a piece of shit.
keith olbermann mentioned this a couple of times in his "world's best persons" segment. sure is convenient that the coach keeps a rulebook to refer to, but deliberately hides that the rule should result in a warning and not an out. 
ftfa
yeah, and they've had to deal with it. but the point that you may not be aware of, is that baseball is as much a religion as it is a sport. i'm not sure why, maybe it has something to do with the fact that white guys still do ok at the main position, pitcher.
a woman i wouldn't feel bad about antiquing 
you know back when it was ovechkin and crosby against each other in the world juniors, i thought ovechkin was kind of a wimp.  now however i gotta say he is definately one of the best players in the game right now, and doing wonderful things for promoting the sport south of the border.  i hope he wins big at the nhl awards.
jean musgjerd, jean.musgjerd@roch.edu, 507-285-7561

[the college has removed her from their official roster on the web page](http://www.rctc.edu/athletics/html/meet_the_coaches.html).

[but google cache has it](http://74.125.155.132/search?q=cache:pm7geamezz0j:www.rctc.edu/athletics/html/varsityclub.html+jean+musgjerd&amp;cd=4&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=us&amp;client=firefox-a).
yeah, they should make a movie about it someday...
this is where people should use that thing called common sense.
why couldn't they wait till she got to home plate before giving her the high fives like they used to?

anywho baseball sucks.
fair play, honor, and integrity are way, way above the totem pole on slavish and niggling adherence to rules.
of course.  it's a fact of life for professionals.  just don't get caught.  
um, they won the appeal and brett's team eventually won that game.
this was softball, not baseball.
in football, shawn merriman of the san diego chargers was suspended for steroid usage.
hey that might be cool. or a tv show...
shouldn't it be rtfa?
yeah, i don't understand why they get all high and mighty about steroids. how is steroids any worse of a stain on baseball than when they prevented blacks to compete in the league. babe ruth is considered the greatest of all time, but he never played against blacks.
the coach is guilty of pettiness, in my opinion.  the ulimate guilt in the game having the incorrect outcome does lie with the umpires - shame on them, too.
the book would be better.
as much as i hated it when he did it, it would be really fun to see in the game.  too bad i spend my time running at him in nhl games....
don't feel bad, it's tough to detect sarcasm on the net.
from the fucking article.
i love george brett. he still is--and will always be--a god here.
the coach did what she believed could help her team win, that is what she is there to do. blame the umps for blowing the call, not the coach. i agree that it was a cheap way to get back in the game, but her interpretation of the rule was the runner should be out. she stated her case, which she has a right to do, but the ump should have say "no sweet tits, the rule is warning first. game over." the league can easily over turn the game. no?
anywho get your sport right
she stated an incorrect rule and got the umpires to buy it.

when you get out of your way to invoke an abscure rule, one can reasonably assume that you actually read it and know it requires a warning, not an out.

this suggests that coach jean musgjerd cheated.
&gt;the coach did her job, do whatever you can to win the game.

not by intentionally cheating - sorry, you're wrong.

edit: deleted duplicate answer.
what does this have to do with me posting her info?
the other punishment considered was a ten year contract with the lions.
the ncaa infractions committee intends to uphold sanctions against florida state that would take away wins in 10 sports, including as many as 14 by football coach bobby bowden.
once again, stallworth gets away easy.
she's also listed as the women's athletic director in the rctc [directory.](http://146.57.212.132/eguide/servlet/eguide)
nor did he play against latinos - almost 30% of mlb players today. 

almost all sports carry the burden of preventing minorities to play sports in general during babe ruth's time.  mlb apologizes by having a jackie robinson tribute day seemingly every other week (cheapening his accomplishment, imo). 

steroids are only a bigger deal in baseball than other sports because of it's stat oriented nature.
 


i can't wait for peter king to dedicate two pages of mmqb to this.
so why didn't she have to chug a beer at second base then?
to me as well (royals fan)
then bitch about the umps, not the coach.
did she chug a beer at second?  this is softball we're talking about.
ok duh, thanks. damn people sure are harsh with the downvotes. you'd think i'd said something negative about wolf shirts or something
them duke boys...
no they are not going to redo the entire championship. 

&gt;2009 rctc yellowjackets softball team finished fourth place in the njcaa division iii softball national championship. congratulations to our students and coaches!!!

i bet the bbc feel great about having paid huge amounts for the f1 coverage contract now.
this should say: "if favre signs with minnesota, will he throw 30 ints this year?" or..."stay retired, no one gives a shit."
two observations:
1. max mosley has completely failed to do the job he is employed for.
2. if it goes through, this will damage both series for a decade. did they learn nothing from the split of cart into irl and champ in the usa?
you're out!
so, what do you think a coaches job is supposed to be more like: mob attorney or teacher???
so?  follow the rules.
umpires exist for a reason.  sorry, you are wrong and you have probably never played sports.
this is college not little league.  everyone on the field is an adult and has been playing competitive sports for years.  her job is to win games not make the other team feel good and enable heartwarming memories.


the rule is not obscure anyone who plays baseball or softball has had to deal with that rule.  which obviously you have never done.  

the coach is not there to make calls it is the umpires job, the umpire failed and that is it.  
no one is playing competitive sports into college if they do not want to compete and win.  her job as a coach is to win games.  this isn't little league she is not there to build the teams character and teach them how to play, this is college the point is to win games.  

you need to grow a pair and stop trying bring your bleeding heart shit into sports.

surely it is time for him to join the reality tv circuit.
that makes me sick. i coach high school softball and once had the opportunity to call back a girl's homerun because, in the excitement, she missed home plate.  the ump kept looking over at me. i knew he saw it, and he knew i did too, but i wasn't going to take that away from her.
some people have no decency.
the saddest part of this is that rick reilly actually used to be a great journalist.  now he has become somebody i don't ever want to read.  sure, he gets paid more than he ever did for those great, in-depth articles, but at quite a cost to his legacy.

even his back page rants in si were worth reading, but this is just garbage.
you're funny, calling me a bleeding heart makes me laugh.  read my posts, i am certainly not a bleeding heart.  

i believe in competition and not in some boneheaded "play to win the game" mentality.  people with that mentality are liars and cheats.  they are the people who do steroids and dive in soccer.  in the end it catches up with them.  the sporting mentality you have is awful, but if you think it is right, good for you.    
actually she is there build the team's character and teach them how to play [at a higher level].
coach is a git and the ump is an idiot.
so is it cheating when in the mlb when the coaches argue their player was safe instead of out? i could argue whatever i want but that's why the ump is there. a rule's a rule....whether it should be there or not is subject to interpretation but the coach did nothing wrong imo. the ump's job is to know the rule and obviously he or she didn't. 
no she is paid to win games.  
adam morrison has a ring. wow. 
to be fair, high school, and college sports are way different. it's almost like comparing little league to high school.

if this happened in the pros, people would be talking about how undisciplined the player was for a boneheaded move. it's akin to after a home run running past the runner in front of you. rule's state that your out. 

or spiking the football before you get in the endzone....should you just count the td?
comparing taking steroids to trying to get a rule unforced so you can win a game is nonsense. 

saying what was done in this game is cheating is also nonsense.  it is not cheating to try and get a person called out based on the rules.  had the umpires been up to the job and known the rules or at least would consult the rule book none of this would of happened.  

stop trying to make this into something it is not.  the umpires fucked up its that simple.  nothing illegal or wrong with trying to get the umpire to enforce rules that would benefit you.  

how is this different than having the umpire blow a call on the bases and the runner not saying oh hey sorry ump but i was actually out. 

is an outfielder an awful person if they know they trapped a ball but it is called an out?  are they required to say no sir i actually did not catch it?

the umpires fucked up and the coach did her job it is that simple. 
i don't get what people are going on about here. is it a rule or not? applying the rules is up to the umpires. wth? are people wanting to throw out the rules when they don't like the outcome?
yes, that is, indeed, a correct fact that you submitted.  

however, it has little to do with the humorous image of a softball player flippin a shit like brett did.
rightfully so too, the rule for pine tar on a bat has nothing to do with being able to connect or hit for power.  it's only there because pine tar ruins the baseball and they can't use it anymore.  
rick reilly is my moral compass.
and micheal vick's.
people are mad because the coach got the umpire to call a girl out based on what they thought the rule was.  the rule actually called for a warning, so the umpires got it wrong.  for some reason people here want to blame the coach not the umpire.
all to just get smashed in the end. inspiration deflated.

that's like if the underdog got picked up by the pound in his last cartoon
as usual the nfl piles on and decides that they are better than the justice system. sanctimonious pricks. 
doesn't matter what the magnitude of the sport is. it's the integrity of the coach. if a little league coach does it, it's no different than a major league coach doing it.
integrity of the coach? you play to win the game dude. every coach in every sport has argued with an ump on a play they did not disagree on and may or may not have known that they were in the wrong...safe/out, strike/ball, foul, pass interference, etc. it's up to the respective ref/ump to either eject the coach or just tell him or her to shut up. 

are you saying that if a pitcher balked with the bases loaded.....you wouldn't argue for the run? or the runner didn't touch all the bases in order after a home run? you wouldn't argue for that out? that's rediculous.... rules are rules even if it's a stupid technicality.

if you threw the ball into the stands with .4 seconds left in a basketball game....the other team will get a chance to shoot the final shot.

the only people in the wrong here is the ump for not knowing the rules.

and little league vs college is wayy different....why? because at this level everyone's an adult and you get paid to win
this is terribly perplexing to me. i don't understand this reaction at all. i hate technicalities as much as the next person but rules are rules and that's why the umps are there. 
fucking weak... gg minnesota stay classy.
yes it is petty, but still, rules are fucking rules.  you break them, be prepared to face the consequences.  simple as that.
i mean, it's football.  that was like twenty minutes of action thrown together, you're going to get breaks.  more boring would be watching the whole thing.  except not really.  i love football.  i read an article once about timing games and it said there's only about 15 minutes of snap to snap action in a whole game.  but those are some damn fun minutes.
wolf shirts suck.
this is a community college... comparing that to college is like comparing little league to high school.
you play to win, but by your own accomplishments. even in professional sports, like the nba finals, the referees tend to make less calls towards the end of a game. at the college level, though, it's not completely about winning. they are not professional athletes and are not judged by their performances on the field alone. 

&gt;if you threw the ball into the stands with .4 seconds left in a basketball game....the other team will get a chance to shoot the final shot.

that's not analogous at all. the girl actually hit a home run, which was only withdrawn because of a minute rule. that would be like if a player joyfully threw a basketball into the air (right before the clock ran out) and got a technical foul that led to the team losing. at the beginning of a game, that rule would constitute delay of game, so it has a purpose. at the end, it's completely pointless. 

 
lol. god i would love it if reddit would do this to a douchebag that i know.  but i cannot... not yet.
what's with all the bitching? it's a game that has rules. a rule was broken and the other team was sharp enough to catch on and call it out. part of playing a game is knowing the rules-- even the small ones. 

regardless of whether or not you would swoop "low" enough to make that call, i don't think it makes that coach anywhere near as evil as the article describes her. 
when i read this i was surprised that this was authored by rick reilly.  it seems so choppy and poorly written, like something he had to put together at the last minute.  i haven't so far seen any incredible articles of his since si, though i haven't read all his espn ones.
jeanmusgjerd.com is available.  redirect to the story?  make your own page?
only brett favre gets 2 pages.
i agree that games should be played by the rules. the players are there to compete under a set of rules. if those rules were to vary at the referee's whim, sports would have a lot more arguing and a lot less fun.

actually, in this case, the coach was wrong about the rules. in fact, the rules say that the first infraction only results in a warning. the article's author mentions this about 2/3 of the way through, which makes an amusing juxtaposition with all of his whining about how the coach used a "technicality" to win.
juno?

well, that's my point. if you do throw the ball into the stand with a second left. a technical should be called. i would not call the coach evil if he called out the player like everyone seems to be doing for this. if the rule stated that it's supposed to be a change of possession but the ref awarded a technical foul would everyone be blaming the coach or the ref?

i agree it's pointless but the rule's there. 

pro vs. college......the players aren't professional athletes sure....but the coaches sure are considered professional. the other coach shoulda told her player the rule and/or argue with the ump that the call was incorrect. simple as that and this article would not be written
the bitching has to do with the rule being applied improperly.  the first offense of this type warrants a warning. not a run taken away.
read the article -- the rules state that first offense results in a warning.  so yes she did break the rules, but no she should not have been called out.
&gt;that is what she is there to do. 

this is college sports, not professional.  winning is not the only goal.
&gt;umpires exist for a reason. sorry, you are wrong and **you have probably never played sports**.

yeah, right. but i'll pass on your pointless personal attack.

umpires can get a call wrong, and that's life. having a coach pressure umpires into a bad call by **incorrectly** quoting a rule is cheating and should be grounds for disciplinary action by his/her employer.
&gt;the coach got the umpire to call a girl out based on what they thought the rule was

the coach got the umpire to call a girl out based on **lies about what** the rule was

fixed that for you - you're welcome.
&gt;the rule is not obscure anyone who plays baseball or softball has had to deal with that rule. 

yep - and how come the umpires did not know it? how come that the opposing coach did not know its details?

"everybody knows it" - except they did not, and that allowed a cheater to steal a game.
but the rule was applied incorrectly as it calls only for a warning.
i want watterson vs. carano. 
could not agree more, punk
here's a fun fact for you via [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mario_lemieux\#records): nhl record only player to score 5 goals in different ways in one game. (shorthanded, full strength, powerplay, penalty shot, and empty net) (december 31, 1988 against the new jersey devils)
that was an amazing game.
&gt;comparing taking steroids to trying to get a rule unforced so you can win a game is nonsense.

no, its not.  steroids weren't illegal in baseball for quite a while, so guys took them.  they played by the rules, however, that doesn't mean it was right.  i should have said liars, cheats, and / or poor sportsmen who don't have integrity, i am sorry.

&gt;the umpires fucked up its that simple. nothing illegal or wrong with trying to get the umpire to enforce rules that would benefit you.

this is where you are missing the point.  there is a problem with it, just because, technically, you won the game, doesn't mean it was right.  that doesn't mean that it was the right, most sporting, thing to do.  

&gt;how is this different than having the umpire blow a call on the bases and the runner not saying oh hey sorry ump but i was actually out.

people do this all the time, by the way.  people do tell refs if they missed a call, one way or the other.  

if you can't see the difference in an outfielder trapping a ball and not saying anything, versus a coach taking a homerun away due to some stupid technicality, i don't know what to say.  had the ball grazed the foul pole or something like that, i would understand.  the fact is that the girl was better than the pitcher, hit a home run, and her teammates congratulated her.  they lost the game because of this.  just because you can take advantage of a rule, doesn't mean you have to, or that you should.  
after reading the article, this is all on the umpire.  i believe a protest could be made for a misinterpretation of the rules.
i agree.  he used to be very original with a razor sharp wit.  now he's a human interest story with a lot of preaching in between one liners.
what the hell is the ufl?  [here's the wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_football_league_(planned\)).  my guess is it will go the way of the xfl in the not too distant future.
i agree.  this is a clear case of piling on.  people need to get over it and move on.  

americans seem to have an unhealthy obsession with justice, revenge, or basically seeing someone who misbehaves get their comeuppance. 

it drives them insane when they see someone "get away" with something.
ok, so why blame the coach if the ump called it wrong?
you are trying to change the discussion to an argument over a judgment call. of course coaches can argue a judgement call and believe they are right.

sadly, this was not a judgement call - everybody agreed that contact was made. the cheating coach misstated the rule (and coached her players on the incorrect version of the rule) in order to get an incorrect call from the umpires. there is no judgement element here - it is black and white.
they apparently failed to learn anything from the cart/irl disaster split
give me a fucking break.  
[more photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/jenrobinson/sets/72157619836315964/)
the ump wouldn't have called it at all had the coach not mentioned it.  it was obviously something the coach had up her sleeve as well, as her players pounced on it as soon as they saw the high five.


he also played for the pens as the owner.  he paid himself over $5m to miss most of the season.  after that, he went on to begin trading most of the good players on the team for low quality prospects, journeyman players, and cash- the idea being that the team would tank for high draft picks.

he's a disgrace to the game, and i don't understand why the pittsburgh fans accepted it.
um... as owner, wasn't he just paying himself? and he paid himself 3m, the league average. the player's union made him pay that much to himself.

and your second argument is just ridiculous. the team was going broke  because they couldn't afford to pay the salaries that teams like the rangers could. now that the nhl has a cap, they can be competitive.

(and yes, striking draft gold three times helped)
mosley should have stepped down after the infamous nazi bdsm debacle. he is ruining my favorite sport.
chris perry, ha!
ayatolla khomeni was a bradshaw fanatic.
please.  we want to support these people- not hate them.
i wonder if they will use arena players as a feeder league?
i, for one, am really looking forward to seeing chris perry again. or not.
the real question is why the website can't use images right.
but would that hr have cost you the game?
but the argued a rule that doesn't exist.  the winning team should lose the game and be sanctioned.
she should be disciplined.
vick, vick, vick!!!!
nifty, but the wine cellar is pretty unimpressive compared to the rest of the place.
hilarious!  please continue to track this league.
the more football, the better. i hope it lasts. its only 4 teams, which was smart because it gives the fans the chance to get to know the players fairly well, instead of over expanding at the beginning.

they have legit coaches. i wish they would play t/w/f games.
i think this is a case of docuhbaggery not someone getting away with something.  americans love it when people get away with beating the system.  i would admire that the coached cheated and got away with it but she really didn't even get away with it.  were talking about it right here.
so?  coaches and players complain all the time when they are wrong.  again, the umps fault, the coach was just doing what all coaches do.
i don't think so.  from what i read in this thread it's the same sentiment: "let's get her".  americans love revenge.  i think someone even posted this woman's cell phone number and email address. 

go to any us-based cable news website and look at the comments on any crime of "misbehavior" item.  it's all about "they can't get away with this". 
actually, it's not what all coaches do, which is why this article was written.
fuck yeah.  my love for ferrari (all all the other teams in the exodus) just grew considerably.  way to show some fucking balls!
interesting. vegas drafted a punter but not a quarterback.
watching joba walk the mets around the bases, keith hernandez said he should be in the minors.

he's 0-2 with a 5 era at home.  his first inning era is 7.80.


and i think he would know better than any of us.  hernandez is a smart cookie and should be managing.
you can guess. there's only 2 teams. not many combinations.
it's not important for the job they wanted, so why would they?  
he's too smart to be a manager. look what they did to willie. people are already calling for manuel's head. being a manager is a thankless job. plus having him and ron darling in the booth makes watching baseball fun even when the mets are blowing leads.
that's kind of a small pool for such a huge place.
the message i left that you just replied to applies to your post.

please see above.
he's french canadian so there must be a rec room with a brass pole somewhere in that shack.
great heads up play.
apparently the boat left america and stopped by iran to see if anyone wanted to jump on over there.
some of those guys on the rosters are straight out of arena, yeah.  the rest of them are journeyman washouts or guys well-past their prime.  i'm surprised at the level of coaching talent they have.  but when your most recognizable names are brooks bollinger and adam archuleta, you've got problems.
i didn't know you were allowed to do that.
as a phillies fan, i was completely livid.  they are really playing like boneheads right now.
as long as time hasn't been called, the game is still live.  the shortstop and second baseman just fell asleep as you so rarely see something like this happen.
i heard his security codename was "the blond bomber"
he should be wearing a bc lions jersey. we have a guy who's actually *from* iran.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sherko_haji-rasouli
&gt;out of office: re: dying in a fire would be a positive career move  
i am currently off campus for the summer break.  i will be checking my e-mails through the summer on a weekly basis.  
i was watching 'real tv' once (the one with the crazy things that happen places, like car chases and boat race explosions)... and they had a riot that took place in korea... and what do you know... a guy throwing rocks at police in a steelers starters jacket.
&gt;rarely see something like this happen.

we used to see this a lot back in 1978 little league because pitchers couldn't throw strikes and catchers couldn't throw to 2nd. then they banned it... but i'm not bitter...
joakim noahs dad is a douche too.

and i think that its hilarious that kitnas dad looks just like kitna (those are the only 2 dads that come to mind right away)
also- how about andy reid as a dad? he obviously fucked that one up pretty badly.
awesome.
you can argue if it was the most sporting thing to do or not but you can not say it is cheating.  it is not cheating, the coach and her players wanted to win and they did what they could to do so.  they did not cheat.

the umpires fucked up it is that simple, trying to lay blame on the coach is missing the entire point and problem.


so yah say it was a dick move, it may have been but it is not cheating and anyone claiming it was doesn't know anything.

by the way a ball hitting the foul pole is a homerun.


in jv baseball, we had a team do that to us with a man on third.  the batter would start running at ball 4 and as soon as the pitcher tried to throw out the runner the man on third would break for home.  this created a ton of confusion with the runner scoring from third and the person who walked taking third in all of the confusion. 
&gt;they did not cheat.

&gt;the umpires fucked up it is that simple

&gt;so yah say it was a dick move

i agree.  

&gt;trying to lay blame on the coach is missing the entire point and problem

i disagree.

&gt;by the way a ball hitting the foul pole is a homerun

no shit, but then it is a judgement call, like the runner on the bases, not a technicality.  so if the coach argued that, i would be fine.
yeah but that is literally in inning #1.

in the 7th and 8th he's been lights out.
saw this coming
aren't you a little old to be on the internet, gramps?
so you have never played baseball or softball before? (dont know if you are a girl or a guy)

i know of the rule, anyone i played with knows of the rule because it was brought up many times.   the umpire fucked up, noone cheated and you are clearly not educated enough on the subject to mount any sort of argument.


at home.  on the road they play like champions.  its getting ridiculous. 

you are wrong.  the umpire has a job, to enforce the rules.  the coach has every right to talk to the umpire and get them to enforce a rule.  if the umpire is to lazy to check the rulebook in such a crucial situation then it the umpires fault.

if you had any experience playing sports at a competitive level you might not be so stupid when it comes to this topic.
the coach can agrue or talk tot he umpire in regard to anything.  they don't have to accurately convey the rules to the umpire as it is not their fucking job.

i dont understand how you can blame the coach when its her job to try and win games.  it is the umpires job to know and enforce the rules.

who failed in this situation?  the umpire.  blaming the coach is just some bleeding heart nonsense, this isnt little league its not the coaches job make sure heart warming moment remain intact for the other team.  her job is to win games, and she did.  the umpires failed and deserve the blame.


fix it all you want it doesn't matter at all.  that type of shit happens all the time at every level of baseball/softball.  it is not the coaches job to convey the correct rules to the umpire.  the umpire is the one who is expected to know the rules and enforce them, and if they don't know the rule, consult the rulebook. 

how hard is that to understand?
i think joba is just fine.  he has a sub-4.00 era, he strikes lots of guys out.  if it wasn't new york and he wasn't joba, he would be a fine under-the-radar four or five starter.  note that he has the second best era on the team, and although he throws less innings, he is on a pitch count.

why would you move him down or move him to the pen?  he clearly can hash it in a full game, and the yanks don't really have anyone else to fill in for him.

and as for putting him in the minors, which i know might be said, what would be gained by that?  the only thing i can think of is raising his slider by four inches, which can be done during the season.  but seriously.  he knows how to get guys at aaa scranton out just fine.  he is not bad at all at getting ml guys out.  and remember he was lights out two years ago at getting guys out.  what's the issue?  why move him to the pen?

i can't see how they're ruining him.  ruining him would be the psychological hit of moving him from the rotation to the pen mid-season.  he's more than a one season investment, you need to try him out for more than fifteen starts, you need to use him for at least a season, preferrably two.  and recall: he is doing just fine!  everyone in new york expects him to throw like a bona fide ace, and although he isn't, he's certainly holding his weight.
&gt;the coach can agrue or talk tot he umpire in regard to anything

actually, they can't.  balls and strikes, for example.

&gt;they don't have to accurately convey the rules to the umpire as it is not their fucking job

never said it was, calm down.  just saying ones that don't are lying and deceitful, and not good sportsmen.

&gt;i dont understand how you can blame the coach when its her job to try and win games.

again, her only objective is not to win games.  she should also represent the university in a way that is becoming of a head coach.  and using these bush league tactics to win a game are not becoming of a person in her position.

&gt;it is the umpires job to know and enforce the rules.

i never said otherwise

&gt;who failed in this situation? the umpire

again, i agree 100%



you are completly missing the point.  also, the level at which they are competing is largely irrelevant to the situation.  it is about integrity and representing yourself in way that people respect.  

i could really care less how you feel on this.  you can go around acting like dick, like this lady did, and see where it gets you.  i'm sure this coach, if she had to do it again, wouldn't.  the backlash from something like this is not worth it and you just come out looking like a douchebag.  which, if you take your own advice, i'm sure you have experience with.
you think this is the first and only time this kind of thing has happened?  the only reason we know about it is because a notoriously terrible sports journalist tried to make the coach into a villain.  this is not the first or the last time this kind of thing will happen.   

where is the line when it comes to what rules the coach should try and get enforced?  suppose the girl who hit the hr had missed first base?  should the coach not use that as a way to get her called out because she hit a homerun?  is that bush league?







you are probably right about hernandez. too smart.
[video](http://toronto.bluejays.mlb.com/media/video.jsp?content_id=5111035)
i was jsut talking about this with a guy who works in my building.....
how can you look at joba where he was and where is now and be happy about this?  

he would be in aaa to learn how to be a starting pitcher and the yankees would buy a quality starter to replace him.  it's really the only course they can follow now.  either that or make him the 8th inning man and buy a starter.

joba is not a starter.  and you have someone learn his trade while you're trying to beat boston- the best team in baseball right now.
well that's why you put him back in the bullpen.
&gt;you think this is the first and only time this kind of thing has happened? the only reason we know about it is because a notoriously terrible sports journalist tried to make the coach into a villain. this is not the first or the last time this kind of thing will happen.

...what the hell are talking about?  of course this happens elsewhere, that isn't even relevant to our discussion.

&gt;where is the line when it comes to what rules the coach should try and get enforced?

well i don't know where exactly the line is crossed, but in this case, it was most certainly crossed.  you can throw hypotheicals at me all day, but the fact still stands, on this particular occasion, it was a bad thing to do.  

&gt;suppose the girl who hit the hr had missed first base? should the coach not use that as a way to get her called out because she hit a homerun? is that bush league?

yes it is.  people miss bags, it certainly happens, how many times do they actually call it?  almost never.
they never call it because most of the time the umpires don't even notice, but when they do they will call them out.  i have seen it in professional leagues and in leagues i have played in.  it is a rule.  sports are governed by rules not your ideal of what is bush league and what is not.   

sensationalist journalism is not gonna stop that.


have you ever seen it where the ump misses the call, then the coach runs out of the dugout and says he is out?  
yes i have any the umpire never overturns the call unless the play is appealed to a different umpire in the rare cases where that is allowed.

what does that have to do with anything?  are you unable to tell the difference between an umpire blowing a call and an umpire willingly ignoring a rule in order to preserve your standard of what is and isn't "right"?
why the hell is the op a gif anyway?
no one has ever seen little big league? or rookie of the year? i forget which movie where they pulled off that stunt.
thing is that he dominates aaa hitters already.  he needs to take his licks in bigs as is.  not to mention the psychological hit from being pinged from aaa to the majors on a slow start or whim.  on another team that's not so big market, fans would swallow two to three years of this kind of decent but not dominating performance from a guy who has dominating stuff.  why is it any different in new york?  it's just bullshit that you're this angry at him.  anything near a 4 era is great for a starter this young, no matter how electric his stuff is.

also, why is it that everyone has such a boner for joba being a reliever?  he was a good setup guy, posting a 2.60 era, but the way people tout him, you'd think he had a 1.00 era.  and isn't he more valuable as a starter, especially on a team with wang on it?

he's doing fine.  i'm not thrilled with how he is doing but i'm definitely satisfied.  i don't see how he's being ruined, i really don't.  i know it's tough to see a guy with a dynamite curve and a mid-nineties fastball have trouble with the nationals, but i don't think moving him anywhere will help.

and as far as trading for another pitcher, i would far rather trade for someone to replace wang than joba.  seriously.
they're a team full of second half performers.  jeter, texeira, sabathia, rivera to name a few.  i'm not that upset.  plus, they're winning wild card, it's just the sox make them look bad.
coach isn't doing their job if they don't try.  this is all on the ump.
roger federer would need to win wimbledon to reclaim number 1 after wimbledon.  however, if murray wins wimbledon, then he becomes number 2, and roger moves to number 3.  nadal says he would be out at least a month, which means federer is likely to become number 1 because of the points that fall off due to nadal's absence.

federer is seeking his 6th wimbledon title.  he lost to nadal in an epic final last year, which many cited as the best match ever.
chamberlain is not on a pitch count.  most pitchers come out at 100 - 150 count.  the problem is joba is wild.  he's walked almost 40 batters.

he gets pulled from the game because he throws too many pitches.  not because he is on a count.
i understand....which is why the ump is wrong....not the coach. the manager could yell or scream all she wants but the ump has the final decision. this isn't a pickup game y'know
yeah man! fucking right joba should be in aaa, learning to be a starter! especially when you think about how the yankees moved him to the pen after he started 15 games through high a, aa and aaa and before that he started 32 games in two years at college.

maybe the yankees should send pettite down as well, because looking at his stats this year, he obviously doesn't know how to be a starter either...
go marlins!
scutaro...
[joba](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/gl.cgi?n1=chambjo03&amp;t=p&amp;year=2009)

note that he was pulled after 106 in the game where he tossed 8 strong innings.  and in april, he never even threw 100 pitches in a game, despite doing well.

[sabathia](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/gl.cgi?n1=sabatc.01&amp;t=p&amp;year=2009)

routinely throws over 110 pitches, even in games where he throws seven innings or less.

i know it's not official, but girardi is definitely stricter with joba than his other starters.  and for obvious, good reasons.  i'll agree that he walks too many batters, but his bpa has actually gone down from last season (when he was a much-touted reliever).
oh i always have wanted him in the pen.  i never wanted him as a starter.

he's shown dominance in the pen and the ability to take over for mariano some day.  not be mariano #2 but not be a scrub either.
he still can't win a championship without derek fisher. 
that's genius.
respect your elders you little snot.

/sarcasm
thank youuuu (great clip, by the way).
you're diverting me.  i'm saying we're in position for the playoffs, and compared to the *current* best team is why you think we are bad.  and joba is definitely not the most of my worries.
im just used to watch 2x45 min without breaks, we are talking about real football right?
so they got rid of one of the most productive players in the game because romo is a pussy?  hahahaha   go cowboys!
yep - that's why 1st and 3rd situations are one of the most practiced on any team. so much can happen and you have to be ready for anything. 
would that also make him the first asian nba champion?
when scutaro was on the a's he was one of my favorite players,  he always came through in the clutch like a pro. [walk off homer to beat the yankees?](http://oakland.athletics.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20070415&amp;content_id=1901093&amp;vkey=recap&amp;fext=.jsp&amp;c_id=oak) you can't help but love the guy.
well, the "low quality prospects, journeyman players, and cash" just won them the stanley cup.

so i'd say it worked out.
go braves! 
marco...
can't do it on a dead ball, like a hit by pitch...
i was at that game.  had almost given up too...
you seem unable to realize that the behaviour of the coach was cheating, whether it was succesfull or not.

she would have been cheating even if the umpires would have said 
"nice try, lady. the home run stands and you lost the game".

whether the umpires catch a cheater or not is irrelevant to whether cheating occured or not.

since your posts seem to be quite repetitive and add nothing to this discussion, i suggest we call it a thread. 

have fun.

complete double standard. if he had been a more accomplished player on the field, he would have gotten away with a few games suspension at worst. what he was involved in, drunk or not, was a complete accident. jamal lewis knowingly sold drugs during the prime of his career, and vick knowingly held dog fights in his f'ing basement. lewis didn't really get punishment from the league if i remember correctly, and vick is probably on his way back if any team wants him. the nfl should take care of all their players equally, especially one in such an unfortunate circumstance as stallworth. of course, that isn't reality. 
polo.
i just bought some tix for next month to take the family to cbp. i hope they're still in first when we go...
scuuuuuuuuuuuuuutaroooooooooooooo
hahahah love that bastard
jays jays jays jays jays
please stop posting fucking gifs!
shocking?
because at the time i couldn't find any video of it.
xfl was a total joke though, they were trying to combine pro wrestling and football. this ufl looks like it is actually taking itself seriously and trying to be a legit sport. football badly needs a feeder league, so this could end up being a good thing. 
no cheating occurred.  that is what you fail to realize. 
go mets!
now that's some heads-up baserunning.
run at him and then throw the ball home 
as a yankees fan i must say nice slide giambi.
not a good chance imo. it is possible though. 
when i was playing little league, it was a given that the runner on first in a first-and-third situation would *always* have the go sign.  90% of the time it worked, since the catcher/shortstop usually didn't have strong enough arms to make two home-to-second throws before the runner on third scored.  in fact, some coaches instructed their catchers to not even bother, essentially giving the runner on first a free pass every time.
or jackson.  tex winters.  jerry buss.  magic johnson.  mitch kupchak.

a center.  a power forward.  a small forward.  a bench.  etc.
unless the defense knew it was coming and the 'cut' play. the catcher fires the ball toward second and the ss cut the throw off between the 2nd base bag and the mound. 
i consulted with the oracles, and they told me that there's only a 2.1% chance that the earlier realized money from local endorsements in a larger market will result in greater long term wealth that that realized by winning multiple championships in a smaller market.  and
even given that, there's only a small likelihood that his goal of becoming the first billionaire athlete outweighs his desire to eclipse michael jordan in championships.

therefore, he has but a 0.7 percent chance of jumping. 
"is marco scutaro gonna have to hit a pitch?"
blast it!  those guys really *are* everywhere.
smart lady.
it's normally easier for the pitcher to cut off the throw.
no, mengke bateer won one with the spurs in 03:
http://www.gunaxin.com/scrubs-getting-championship-rings/22391
and i see where you're coming from, but you're looking at it from a correct vs. incorrect standpoint, when the article is actually debating the morality of the coach. it's not saying that they didn't break a rule, it's saying that the coach should have at some point attempted to do right.

i'm not looking to really argue this point though. you have some good points, and are a gentleman and a scholar.
go pirates...

:(
busy guy
i remember going to a dodgers game about 14 years ago, where one of the guys tried that. he walked and then ran towards second while the catcher was talking to the pitcher. unfortunately he was thrown out at second. i also didn't know it was ok to do that. i assumed the game isn't live until the next batter comes up.
practice makes perfect the slick action of a minor league player 
in all fairness, he was only productive because romo was getting him the ball
yes, but the runner on third won't try to come home. 
i'd watch mlb if someone did this at the plate before the pitch.
&gt;7.cycling is cheaper than going the gym and you can be sure there won't be anyone in the way - it's the ultimate convenience activity

the hell it is.  cycling is an extremely expensive sport if you're looking at getting into it.  i started out with a $300 mountain bike and moved up after a year to a $2400 one.   and if you get into road biking you can easily spend that or more. 

sure, you could buy a clunker off craigslist for $50 but just like everything else, if you want the good stuff you gotta pay.  biking is not cheap.
better: http://usopen.com/
who the hell is kelly pavlik?
so good

direct link to video: http://vimeo.com/5240733
at least no one's said "go nationals!" yet.
i've got some swimming questions so was excited to see this posted. but the site lacks content. you can "ask a coach" so i may do that. is the op one of the people that run the site? the current content is great, just not much there now.
truly the greatest of all time.
well timed with my resurrected love for fight night round 3.
apparently he didn't dodge all of them.
it's like the man sees the world in slow motion, truly incredible.
bullshit on baseball pitcher favoritism.  they have pitch counts, but most positional players get days off, or at least pinch hit/fielded in nightcap games.  also positional players make far more than pitchers.

and dl trips?  there are plenty of positional players there too, but pitchers do a more strenuous task than positional players, so why wouldn't they dl more often?  how is that favoritism?

and there are plenty of hitters with shitty defense that play anyway.  like carlos delgado.  or any dh.
it is a very very bad news for united :( but this is clearly the clubs fault..
welllllllll.... he is a reciever, gotta get him the ball that's for sure.  there going to miss him more than people think. seen it before.
greatest. ever.
just like us watching gifs the first time through.
yeah really.  upvoted for the effort.
"stop trying to hit me and hit me!"
"do you think that it's air you're breathing?"
as the link and the comment are both in relation to american football, i would say no.
hopefully it happens
happy father's day! 
yeah, nothing like have an injustice like saving all you pansy ass europeans from hitler back during wwii. if it wasn't for our "unhealthy" obsession with justice, you'd all be wearing swasticas and bad mustaches.
why what?
why is this news?
what our coach told us after it happened to us the second time in a row...
you sure that's not just his parkinson's acting up again?

oooo, that was bad. respect to the greatest ever (note that this different from the great one, gretz).
shouldn't you be out ratting-out people who park in handicapped spaces to the police, asswipe? 
so that's what that trope means. 
i'd say mike tyson would have been better if he had not gone batshit insane

mike tyson was the youngest to capture all of heavyweight belts and had a prosperous career ahead of him. then claims of rape, jail,  don kings bullshit and money problems, and ear biting brought an end to his promising career. if only he had been a little more self restrained, he could be have been the greatest ever no doubt
that's crazy.  he dodges the last one almost before the other guy even throws it.
greatest at taking damage maybe. his fights with foreman and frazier which killed all his brain cells are pretty horrible to watch now that you know what's become of him. if he didn't have such a chin he never would have been a contender imo.
yea he sees world slow motion permanently now with his parkinsons from all the blows to the head
that's a shame.
go rangers!
alas...no cool sunglasses.
greatest moment in sports history, imo. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s0_a_up_t8
i love fight night.  great effing game.
he became a different fighter after returning from his absence at the prime of his career. it's too bad that his biggest fights all came when he was a slower and inferior version of what he used to be.

&gt;commit to building there organization

i kind of stopped reading after that.
i live in dc. :(

baseball is clearly not a good sport for me.
our team actually did practice this maneuver, but i don't think we ever pulled it off during a game.
mine are always very very slow. is there a reason/fix?
this comment may be wrong but it doesn't deserve to be downvoted.  i am not an expert at all and will not argue for or against this debate.  that said i do understand how someone can say this.  it would have been great to see mike as a professional.
that man is going to run until his tongue is hanging on the ground...

best back in the nfl, best believe!
float like a butterfly...
come on, rex!  you came from the ravens!  you're smarter than to take an annoying and irresponsible wide receiver!  now prove you're worthy of all that tough rhetoric you like and *make the right move*!
i'm with ya'.
mike tyson was better.  he went batshit insane... but he was better than ali no doubt. ali wasn't that good.  he was ready to quit in this fight just like joe frasier.   
my team practiced all the time, we pulled it off once. the other times the guy on third didn't take the bait. 
please enlighten me tough guy
do you think if china says don't play the game in taiwan the nba would listen? it seems lately that every american business is bowing to china's demands. 
thx for posting this
no surprise here.  us steelers fans are *every-where*.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2ycu2taft8

youtube version... obviously...
my pleasure. sweetness was the reason i started to like sports as a little kid. 
aside from the obvious "this is fake" stuff, isn't this what soccer originally was? like, mayans played a game where they hit a ball through a high hoop without using their hands to score points.



granted, most of my research is based on the movie "the road to el dorado", but i think that sport was based on a lot of fact.
i'd say you were on to something if these games weren't enjoyed worldwide.
thanks "unnamed sources"...you always get the news to us first!

seriously though, as a packer fan, i can't wait until the first pack-vikes game.  it will be sooo much fun to watch how many interceptions our corners get off of brett...
this just in, giuseppe rossi says he wants to play for the us now

hahaha, what a comeback... surely americans will be able to make this into a film.

ps, i don't think i've ever experienced a team going through on 3 points when they've won one and lost two (in a group of 4 where 2 go through)... will have to check wikipedia :)
let me just chronicle the usa's embarrassing defeats for reddit

first: 3-1 loss against italy
then: 3-0 loss against brazil

they needed a miracle, nay, they needed marky mark to go invincible on their team for them to survive.  i am freakin shocked.  especially since egypt actually beat italy.
they play spain next, that one is going to be a tough match.
i wonder if having that time away from the international games helped...
bracing for the next 72 hours of espn to be "brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre..."
my mistake. should be confederations cup.
too bad nobody in the us cares.
seriously.  brettfarve was a great quarterback for a long time, but enough is enough.  teams who pay for him to play for them are essentially investing in late game turnovers courtesy of brettfarve.  as a non-vikings fan i also thought tavaris jackson showed some promise, hopefully he is not too discouraged by the front office making this move.
come on... of all time? its not the '88 jamaican bobsled team we're talking about here. the american soccer program is very competitive in international soccer.
you must not watch a lot of football if you think a comeback in a group with 4 teams is one of the greatest of all times. 
nah, i was watching this game. while not an amazing game by itself, the comeback was inspiring.
&gt;the american soccer program is very competitive in international soccer

not its not
i think it'll be more like "brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre a-rod brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett favre brett a-rod a-rod favre brett favre brett favre..."
i'm a huge fan of us soccer but that was nothing. if you want to talk comeback see: [the final istanbul 2005](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7kr02_final-in-istanbul-2005_sport)
statistically it's a surprising outcome. i can't think of a time when a team going into the last game with zero points (in a group of four) actually *qualified*. that's quite unusual in itself.
it's a tourney, it's not a comeback if they don't win the entire thing. also, brazil's win helped just a tad. 

spain is going to rape them. 
that's right, pour a bucket of cold water over my enthusiasm. there's always one isn't there, ready to plunge a thousand daggers of cynicism into a joyful heart. just itching to extinguish the tiniest spark of hope in a downtrodden wayfarer. go on, trample over my dreams in your shark-tooth-tipped divers boots. hey, can you hear that sound? know what it is? it's only the life force whooshing out of my soul.
there's a reason:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walter_payton_man_of_the_year
if you have ever been on the receiving end of a breakup, you can relate to how sergio garcia feels. he got dumped by the beautiful daughter of greg norman, morgan leigh norman, this past march. now, sergio is opening up about the breakup and how it has negatively affected his golf game
that was not even close to the greatest comeback. unlikely? yes. impressive? of course. it's a very small tournament though. if they beat spain, i will eat my hat. 
need the conan o'brien clip
the song really would come on during bulls games after jordan would do something absolutely wild leading into a commercial break. this is exactly scenario and its soundtrack which i would associate with the nba's golden era. ah good times, they really need to bring back the song and take the nba off of espn. 
sorry dude, nothing personal. i just hate sensational headlines.
getting beat 3-1 by italy then having somone else beat them 3-0 is not "powering past them". boo to overly sensational headlines. 
i agree...relationships mess people up..lol
he owes me big time for ff!!
cool video, thanks and i even knew what would happen, i remember.  go us though!
now at least he can watch the semi's from home, in teaneck new jersey!!!!
possibly the oldest non-repost of all time
well nothing can compare to istanbul it is the greatest comeback in sports history.
is us soccer ever gonna be any good?
and [turkey](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vtnuxjpo6q) in euro '08.

edit: and [manchester](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7bm3uzz8yo) in euro '99
i'm pretty sure jim rome is marginally retarded.
actually i was quite amazed.
quite possibly the dorkiest thing i've seen on reddit a while: up voted.

and what is that violin player wearing?
they had tony gonzales who is arguably in the best shape in the nfl, especially for his age.  he swears by the china syndrome.  get a nutritionist.
for anyone that, like me, had no idea what happened in that game, here's [a written account of the comeback](http://www.thisisanfield.com/features/redsineurope/2005/).
umm, brazil beat italy, the us didn't.  i wouldn't quite call it powering past italy if someone else beat them for you...
will someone just hit brett farve in the knees so we can stop hearing about him. there will be one last report then it can finally be over!
who did they cut?
especially with a -2 goal differential.
kill me.
and make star wars as good as the first time you saw it?
i don't care about golf but i love the headline.
so why do people think that yelling that will even make a difference?
which margin?
that song brings up so many great memories from my childhood. i associate it with playoff basketball. the regular season games were on kcal with the great chick hearn, but the playoffs were on nbc. they used this theme song again during the [olympics](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hfesvzwgos&amp;feature=related).
depending on the refs, there weren't any violations in that clip.
i'm guessing the nfl warned management that they were going to do lots of steroid testing this year.
that's exactly what i thought of :) 

had a look on youtube, and then found this... which also was one of the cool things about nba on nbc. the story intro followed by the theme :)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-virpkmelsc&amp;fmt=18


i find it hard to believe that schumacher has been the stig for the last few years, hidden under a helmet?? not convinced. just a publicity stunt.
you sure bout that?  quarter finals in 2002 world cup, with an obvious penalty claim denied against germany which saw the us lose only 1-0.  the us isn't a powerhouse of football just yet, but mark my words, there is a wave of young players coming up who have been exposed to cable coverage of the world's best players in the epl, la liga, and serie a, something that was not possible until just a few years ago with digital cable and premium channels like fox sports covering those leagues. i firmly believe that will change the face of soccer in the us in the next 5-10 years.  we will produce 2-3 megatalents that go on to fame and glory in eu football leagues.  we already have about 5 players who are quite respectable in europe, and a bunch of players on the fringes of the top level of european club football.

i can speak with authority on this because i'm a first generation american with english parents.

edit: oh, and we'd be closer if that little c*nt giuseppe rossi would honor his american upbringing and played for the us instead of fecking italy.  unforgivable.

that is a gem! thanks for that!
edit: you know, back in the day when the nba was king, the pregames were presented as near fairy tails and the game itself would bring about almost a magical sort of an atmosphere. this is largely due to jordan and the mind bending moves that he would throw down on a regular basis, along with the level of basketball needed to present a challenge to him and his bulls.

the nba has become a shadow of its former self since jordan's retirement in 98 and has only started to somewhat recapture the imagination of its audience in the past several years with the high level of play from dwayne wade, kobe bryant and lebron james. the nba is a game of superstars and we may be seeing a rejuvenation. 

to do this, we not only need superstars and amazing games, but also better presentations of these games. what you posted is the perfect example of what is now lacking. instead, now, we get to listen to the battered jeff van gundy telling us how unsophisticated he is because of his inability to figure out twitter and facebook. 

i miss the 90's.
someone after my own heart.  i watched that final with my parents, my dad is a die-hard liverpool fan, because his granddad (my great granddad) played for liverpool on the title winning 00-01 side.  1900-01 that is :)  

when that third goal went in we both jumped off the couch and accidentally smashed our hands into the low ceiling of the living room, leaping in celebration.  when the penalties were over we did it again.
actually i got a bit sidetracked and found this:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afs6xzp6c8u&amp;fmt=18

bob costas ftw :)

oh this intro is great too:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz_-qfelpze
actually, they lost to italy 3-1. they should be sending bouquets of roses to brazil. 
haha seriously, what a diiiiiiiiiiick.  i'm sorry, but even though my parents are english if i'd been given a chance to play for the us national side (and i was scouted for the junior olympic squad) i would have done it at the drop of a hat.  how can you not play for your country of birth and raising, especially since he was here until he was 13.  stupid money grubbing dad's of the world.  boo father's day.

edit: bwahaha, if you type 'giuseppe rossi' into google the third suggested search is 'giuseppe rossi traitor' 
i wanna see her dunk first
he was a guest for the ferrari fxx that they had on... probably because he was the only driver ferrari would let inside it. i rather doubt the bbc could afford shumacher for all these years.

common wisdom is that the stig is ben collins, although i expect it changes from time to time depending on who the bbc can get hold of.
given the context, i think it's a pretty special result.  us were up 2-0 and desperately needed a third to get into the semis, given brazil's drubbing of italy.  dempsey came through with true heart and grit to power a header past egypt's formidable keeper and italy on goal difference.  italy didn't score (there was still about 20 minutes left in both games) and the us held on to win a spot in a pretty prestigious final four.
the best part of the us appearance in the semis is a slap in the face to the ridiculous refereeing that saw them lose a man in both prior games.  seriously, a straight red card for flicking out at a player?  i watched south africa lunge at spain all night long and get at worst yellow cards, for the exact same, if not _worse_ challenges.  the us was just a target for idiotic cards in this contest for some reason, and it gives me a lot of pride to see them in the semis.  even though my spanish liverpool contingent is probably going to put a drubbing on us, i bet we put in a good solid fight.
abc needs to buy the rights to this song, stat! this song pumps you up big time and gets u excited for some basketball.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkxltodz0pe  this is clearly the best video :)
cool! i'm the guy that yells "you da **man**!!"
yeah, was about to say that. italy actually powered past the us 2-0, and were sneaky enough to use an american citizen (giuseppe rossi) to score the goals for them :p

all in all, a horrible effort by italy in this tournament, and a sad ending for egypt, who showed some real class.
i'm pretty sure people yell that shit just so they can hear themselves on tv later.
misleading headline.
when did this start ? is it possibly since happy gilmore came out ?
correct. a heartly congratulations to the us but spain are going to rip them to shreds; they haven't been beaten in their last 35 games (a feat only brazil can match)
i would love to be that flexible
a [chris everett](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hngqqvhi_8) sized margin.
if the nba won't take her, i will.
they led into the lap by saying that you can buy the car but ferrari keeps it and delivers it to a race track, then takes it back. so obviously they had to find someone who owned one to drive it round the top gear track. hence michael schumacher. 

as you say it's probably a range of drivers. they often have touring car drivers or ex indy car drivers on the show (not as the stig) so its easy to imagine they'd give one of those guys a white suit and tell them to do a lap 
that was 7 years ago, and to be honest the 2002 was a pretty weak world cup, not that it takes away from the usas achievement (it was more the refs who let south korea through and sweden managing to win the group of death but then lose to senegal (i still cry sometimes) that made the quarter-final field look pretty weak). but that's a long time ago and excluding the top teams, with the teams just below it goes in circles if you're really competitive.

football can become huge in america, 94 will probably show to have helped in the coming years, but to say they're very competitive in international football i say, feels wrong. they were outplayed by italy in one half (a some would say, not very good italy side), they're not flying through concacaf qualifiers (and to be honest its the second weakest confederation). there's a long way to go if this team is gonna reach a new quarter-final, but possible.
okay people you just don't understand soccer.  the next soccer game you watch probably won't be 3-0.  if it is your lucky so watch another one.  if that one is 3-0 then something extremely unlikely has happened.  for those two games to depend on each other just never happens.  its so unlikely that when you go into a game needing a 3-0 win as well as a 3-0 win from another team its deemed next to impossible.  
you can do it!
i think it was during the 2nd round that tiger hit a shot to the fairway and the announcer wondered why he grimaced at such a nice shot. i think he scowled because some shitbag yelled "get in the hole!", even though tiger was teeing off on a par 4.
and still they call it "soccer"...
not nba but maybe and1 or the globetrotters.
i feel like that's a travel. 
dumb yes, but she's not the only one who's done it before.
why should she be in the nba? was there some part of her routine that involved throwing the ball in the air, flailing her arms and screaming like she'd just been shot?
but obviously you're not too bothered about sensational comments. tell me where in my headline i used the word "greatest"?
nowhere in my headline did i use the word "greatest".
it's called an occupational hazard.

it happens in every racing series that has pit stops, to male and female drivers alike, many times every season the world over.

this is hardly news, and isn't even worth poking fun at her over. there are better reasons to poke fun at her, like the gigantic chip on her shoulder that's there for no discernible reason.
the reason is that every frame, like any image on the web, takes time to load. it runs fast after the first time through because the images are now cached. i'm not sure what the fix would be.
in 3... 2...
&gt; mark my words, there is a wave of young players coming up who have been exposed to cable coverage


i am sorry, but the new law of the internet states that any written accounts must be done via live blogging or twittering. as a result we ask you take down that link.
1...
are you too good for your home?!
man women can't drive!
i can always appreciate an article that discusses babip and fb/ld stats.  those are so important to seeing what a hitter is doing.
dang, sign him up to beatbox on the huckabee show.
that was pretty interesting, but i wish there was more content.
&gt;like the gigantic chip on her shoulder that's there for no discernible reason.

the reason why she has that chip is because she's hot, as for her racing skills i find them to be average at best. place her in a competition against an f1 driver that would knock her down a few pegs. 
seriously, that's trash.
i'd like to see her try and play with my balls like that. :p
happens all the time.  as much as i dislike her i don't think it is fair to go at her for this incident.

i hope she goes to nascar to ruin the side of auto racing i don't like - maybe indy can earn some respect back once that happens.
is this about masturbation? i don't want to click on it if its about masturbation.
no one cares.
and their only goal vs. italy was a pk (earned even though playing 10 vs. 11).
just for the record this is one of the great sporting comebacks in history. show me the pundit who at the start of yesterday was predicting the usa would go through to the next round. their position was frankly hopeless. they not only had to win their last game but needed to somehow claw back six goals.

scoring three goals against egypt, the top africa team, a team that had beaten world cup winners, italy, is no mean feat. the usa showed great strength and perserverance to win this match without conceding any goals. it is therefore no stretch to say that they powered their way to victory.

&gt;italy actually powered past the us 2-0

wasn't it 3-1? with the us up 1-0 well after halftime even though they were playing 10 vs. 11?

http://blogs.wsj.com/dailyfix/2009/06/15/soccer-diary-us-vs-italy-245-pm-et/
mattelmore did not disappoint!  unlike women behind a steering wheel!
&lt;brian regan&gt;

heyyyy golfergolfer. 

hey golfer.

**putt! putt golfer!**

&lt;/brian regan&gt;
i get a chuckle out of the occasional fan absurdity.  as long as they make sure to do it after the shot it's alright.  it's supposed to sound stupid.  though changing it up a little wouldn't hurt either.
well, not to rain on your parade, but a comeback that depends on another team winning isn't all that great. you guys have both egypt and brazil to thank, so, i wouldn't go as far as "great comeback". more like "great game against egypt and great luck after it".
my favorite sports outburst:


"hey ref, get off your knees, you're blowing the game!"


always classy.
it's not prestigious. it's the confederations cup. it's a dress rehearsal for the actual world cup and only 8 teams play it. unless, of course, by prestigious you mean the teams that are also in the semis.
i think using 'one of the great sports comebacks of all time' qualifies as sensationalist.
no, but you did use 'of all time'. it's just as hyperbolic, if not more so.
just for the record, that is your opinion and subjective. 
ouch!  also upvoted for gymnast-related username.
look up facetious in a thesaurus.  sports fans have a great sense of humor.
brazil didn't need a 3-0 win, they just needed to win without letting italy score any goals. 
light text on a dark background - would not visit again.
classic stuff here!  great post!
cue comments about "i'd hit it..."
earl weaver was a badass long before the days of youtube and cell phone video
if there's sports opinions that ought to be ignored, espn would be at the top of the list.
don't you mean "for the last time it's driving in a fucking circle.  not a sport."?
i too drafted him last year and was disappointed...
no, i'm pretty sure it is nascar, being an acronym and all. it's just like nfl, nhl, nba, mlb, irl, mls, ncaa, etc.

also, it is more of a sport than a lot of things, because it has a simple "first one to finish wins" thing going on, unlike any competition that relies on judges to determine the winner. i don't think you can call the drivers "athletes" though, that is taking it too far.
comebacks often involve luck as well as skill. the word is made up of two parts "come" and "back". neither of those terms imply 'skill only' or 'absence of luck'.
he just needs out of that city right now...
that's your opinion, which i respect, but totally disagree with. my headline was accurate and upbeat. to call it sensationalist is well over the top.
i disagree, but that's just my opinion.
no mine go slowly loop after loop after loop. fast computer too. dunno shrug
happy gilmore got a hole in one on a par 4. 
gee i wonder who won
the cretins were screaming it again today at phil mickelson as he teed off on a par 4. 

congrats to lucas.
"every time the actual umpire behind home plate throws a new ball to the pitcher, they dig into their bags, pull out a baseball and follow suit."

-what.
http://www.fifa.com/worldfootball/ranking/lastranking/gender=m/fullranking.html

\#14 out of 207.
in all seriousness he's one of those players who have been on the edge of the world spotlight for a while, this doesn't surprise me.
a lot of other folks choked it, but glover should still get props for putting together a strong finish when everyone else was falling apart.
i can't believe they left out when bobby valentine was ejected but returned to the dugout wearing a groucho marx mask
you might think that's funny but it's true, until a few years ago americans couldn't watch top flight football, except every 4 years in the world cup.  a big part of learning new tricks and learning what good players are capable of (and how to imitate them) is watching it live or on television.  
i wish this were like real madrid, where you can vote for a president.  it's been nearly 9 years since they've won a title.  seriously...  something has to be done.
whatever it takes, man. whatever it takes.
they just pretend to throw a new ball out to the pitcher.

i've been watching these guys on jays' broadcasts since the beginning of the season and it hasn't got old yet. in fact, it has been interesting watching their act develop over the last few months and seeing them show up at an away series in washington was unexpected and great.
if the first pick isn't tavares something is wrong with the universe, the islanders desperately need someone like him.
yes i don't understand why the blogger is all indignant, it's not like plenty of other drivers don't do it. there are countless videos out there that show pit crew members getting hit.
headon, apply directly to the forehead

headon, apply directly to the forehead

headon, apply directly to the forehead

headon, apply directly to the forehead

headon, apply directly to the forehead
fwiw, the headline at fifa.com included "miracle":

http://www.fifa.com/confederationscup/news/newsid=1075216.html#an+american+miracle
so something interesting _did_ happen during that game.  thanks!
bold claim
this is awesome.
he is truly the iron man of managers.
this should read "keep in mind two of the greatest soccer team in fifa history........"  you still have argentina and germany 
really?  concacaf weaker than caf/afc/ofc?  i doubt it.
i totally saw that out of the corner of my eye while i was on the phone and i remember thinking "wtf?"
as funny as these videos are, it's still kinda sad to see grown men acting like children
should actually read "keep in mind two of the greatest franchises in fifa history..." because in this case the use of "team" would apply to the present tense and both these country's current teams are far from the greatest in history.
yeah right, especially with beltran joining the crew that's already on the dl.  i mean, i'm a huge mets fan, but they've lost 8 of the last 11 and are just not playing inspired baseball right now.  it's been wright and beltran trying to carry this team on their backs and now it'll be wright by himself.
playing videogames helps too?
i hate how american coverage overemphasizes american players. i don't care what freaking region of the world they're from. i just want to see the best tennis players. sometimes it's like they make it seem like if there's no american players in the tournament it doesn't matter. i hate that. 

the guy below me is a moron. tennis is the best sport, besides football. 
&gt;speaches

your website just lost all credibility in my eyes! yay!
weaker than afc? yes, weaker than caf? yes, weaker than ofc? no that's why i said "second weakest". concacaf is the easiest confederation to get through, you only have 2 good teams fighting for 3+4 spots. 
&gt; so obviously they had to find someone who owned one to drive it round the top gear track. hence michael schumacher.

possibly, although i would have thought that schumacher is on the payroll for ferrari and that they have an fxx kept back for themselves anyway.

the point is irrelevant to the topic, of course :)
since when is the fifa ranks the absolute truth about how good teams are? remember how pre-2006 world cup mexico and the us went into it ranked [4 and 5](http://www.fifa.com/worldfootball/ranking/lastranking/gender=m/fullranking.html#confederation=0&amp;rank=145)? how did that work out? the us and mexico always get high ranks because of their easy confederation. 
glover bogeyed the 15th.  do you mean his birdie on the 16th?
you are correct my friend.
i laughed.
i don't even know if franchise would be the proper terminology, but unfortunately can't come up with anything better.
babe ruth's nickname is the bambino.  oh my goodness it's actually longer than his real name!

stupid non-americans...so uppity and arrogant!

edit: nice one camalittle, you took out your comment about how americans are stupid, to make me look bad.  classy.
in washington i think i saw one of them just toss a ball to a kid sitting nearby. it didn't look like all the fans were happy with them. they must have been told to give it a rest a few times. the jay's colour announcer was calling them a-holes pretty much.
i think the proper description might be *program*.
ok, that was a wtf
are they so vain?  i do not get it at all.
no, this got old real fast. like, two innings fast.
http://www.drunkjaysfans.com/2009/06/dear-baseball-please-stop-encouraging.html
http://imgur.com/mrzux.gif
eat sufficient protein, heavy compound movements (squat, deadlift, barbell row, etc. etc), rest, repeat.

there, the secret to every successful "get big" training program.
john daly is a george jones era country music super star, born into a golfer's body.  he should not be measured by the standards of golfers.  to do so, would be like evaluating kafka for his work as an insurance agent.

this is what should happen, and that sucks for mcgwire and sosa
and spain.  i'm decently sure being the reigning euro champ and fifa #1 qualifies you.  just sayin'.

edit: you said history and i therefore recant my claim.  my bad.
this league is awesome, it will give several athletes that missed the nfl draft a second chance... too bad the nfl will treat this as a threat and try to crush it. 
can i get a witness! - amen... oh wait sorry, flashback...
actually pretty damn smart of him.  he was applying the ice cream like the face paint that half the adults are wearing.  in the final shot of him it actually starts looking good.
a history that apparently dates back to 1984.  that's 25 years or the year jordan stopped wearing baby blue nut huggers.
wtf is this linkbee bullshit?
everything this jaggoff submits is through linkbee.
barnes had a good finish with a miserable start and duval had a real strong last 4 holes but with all the stopping/starting/rain delays it was a challenging weekend. not surprised someone unexpected won this tourn but was rooting for phil.
not if you look at world cup history.
you're doing it wrong!
i like turtles.
this douchebag wants to make money of shit that doesn't even belong to him. reported!
it's those horns, man. those horns can drive anyone insane. it appears here in ice cream form.
like, that was, i mean, you know, a terrible interview.
schumacher and the ferrari team would have been in england last week also for the british grand prix so you could have a point
except franchise != country. get your american terminology out of the game.
if that's the case why don't we just start counting uruguay?

* brazil 5
* italy 4
* germany 3
* argentina 2
* uruguay 2
* france 1
* england 1
is this for real?  why would they trade rondo?  the dude's got game, and he's hardly at his peak yet.  alas, the complexities of trades and salary caps of pro sports.
i want my 30 seconds back. 
if notre dame beats only one of the top three teams on its schedule, there is no way they are going to a bcs bowl. 
post fail :-(
i think the one at the nba game was far from the most annoying.  imagine millions of people watching and the only thing you can repeat to yourself is "don't screw up. don't screw up. don't screw up."  then, you screw up.  she recovered and was a decent enough singer.  until you go through it, shouldn't judge.
there is a reason, albeit subconscious, that most of them wear mini-skirts. pretty sure they'd be just as comfortable and mobile in shorts
i don't know about uruguay, yes they won two world cup's, but it was so long ago, the game was still very young.  since then they haven't really done anything else.  i would say that a great national team would be one that through out the years have stay on top.  like brazil, argentina, italy and germany.  
**get in the hole!**
&gt; absolute truth

wow, no idea where you think i said that... interesting. anyway, fifa ranks have their critics, there is also:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elo_football_rating

which also has usa ranked #14. go figure.

&gt; how good teams are

the point of rankings is kind of to show how competitive the team has been over time, not to show instantly how good they are at the moment.
they are just jealous of the [fighting okra](http://www.bkstr.com/productdisplay/10001-10029-10163-4000000000000142602-1?demokey=d) from delta state!
oh god...i went to w&amp;m during this mascot fiasco.

a lot of students wanted the burger king king to represent king william.

i thought it was a great idea.
even in elo, the us plays in a easier confederation and teams like the us (and costa rica on #22) get higher because of it. just comparing it to egypt, who plays in a stronger confederation, who actually beat italy, who pretty much owned the us, but failed against the us, so you'd say egypt shouldn't be ranked in the 40s
after watching that horrific video, let's take a moment to watch endy's greatest [highlight](http://video.msn.com/video.aspx?mkt=en-us&amp;vid=b0869358-5f43-48f0-bc19-fee9c82bbacd). he was the hands down best left fielder i have ever seen.
[bring back the fightin' christians!](http://deadspin.com/365789/bring-back-the-fightin-christians)
also.

&gt;tpo
i was going to point out that he, unlike his father, celebrates after touchdowns. except that he apparently only celebrated on a few of them, and even then he didn't spike the ball or do very much. 
he doesn't want to play for the lions either?
&gt; even in elo, the us plays in a easier confederation and teams like the us (and costa rica on #22) get higher because of it.

shouldn't the elo formula correct for that?

&gt; italy, who pretty much owned the us

did you watch the match? even playing 10 vs. 11 (after one of the more bizarre direct red cards of the year) the usa earned a penalty which they converted and could easily have been up 2-0. it wasn't until rossi came in as a substitute a third of the way into the 2nd half that italy woke up and tied the match. the game was competitive and in doubt until italy (and rossi) scored in extra time -- and that was, again, 10 vs. 11. italy did not have a good tournament, their side was particularly weak. other than the second half vs. usa they scored no goals and did pretty much nothing interesting offensively.
spain-football has partnered with barcelona-based ticket provider main event to bring you the guaranteed best price football, sports and concert tickets.  liga tickets, champions league and uefa cup tickets and premiership, serie a and the bundesliga. . . . plus tennis, basketball, formula 1 and moto gp. . . . concert tickets in spain and the rest of europe 
this is high school, lets wait a few years to start kissing his ass. 
&gt; just like his father

i don't really see any similarities yet.  he is a little taller, celebrates and one more item...it's on the tip of my tongue....

...oh yeah:  owns most ncaa rushing records and could hold the nfl rushing record if not retiring early.
allen is worth 20 mil this year. but yeah, this is a bad trade. rondo is their franchise player when the big three retire/get old.
man, i  love cheerleaders.
is peta sposoring their halftime shows?
yea.  the running back at my hs ran for a district record 1200+ yards my senior year.  i believe he works at sam's now.
title was accurate
the first tie breaker is the difference between goals scored and goals allowed. the united states and italy were even at minus two; egypt was minus three. using the second tie breaker, total goals scored, the americans prevailed over italy by four to three.
that's kind of creepy, plus i've been stubbornly convinced that game was fixed anyway.
"in the second season episode "all americans," al notes that he is watching super bowl xxx and that the steelers are three points behind. the game did in fact feature the steelers, who trailed the dallas cowboys by three points -- 20-17 -- midway through the fourth quarter. this is notable because the episode was filmed over six years before the game actually took place."
biff must have made a fortune betting on that game. 
maybe, neil o'donnel was never that bad and larry brown was never that good. 
only al davis bought it. 
download 2 dozen songs, $1.92 million dollar fine. money buys injustice.
i thought it wasn't about the bike?
it just seems like they could run the same play over and over again and still win.

but yes, like rane said, its high school still, you dont got no ray lewis in the backfeild waiting to rip your head off.
you forgot "kills dogs...2 years in jail plus indefinitely lose your job"

no i think we have our priorities straight.
[get drunk, drive into a car, kill two children - 7 years in jail](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luke_mccormick)

the uk judicial system, at least a bit better i guess.
it's a copycat league just like all pro sports. 

the nfl runs the wildcat and zone blitzes because they were successful early on.

baseball has steroids.  so does the nfl and if you listen to roenick so does the nhl.
i'm tired of all the barry sanders comparisons.

he's the next ryan moat.
i had to go you tube his father, and then i remembered how great sanders was.  it's insane what he did on the field, no one has come close to doing what he did.  
proofread your headlines for fucks sake.
exactly, i hate these (look at this amazing player running through massive holes in the defense.... oh man hes so fast... not one of those other 16 year old's can catch him.... ohhh he's gana be great in the pros) videos.  not saying he couldn't get there, but he's got a long long road to travel. 
&gt;the newspaper did not say if crider has a prior criminal record.

people don't usually decide to start stealing bikes at 40 after leaving a clean life. 
no, it's whether the crime was perpetrated by a celebrity or not.
barry was incredible, but i've got say that...he often got big gains after getting stuffed repeatedly. i don't know if it was they "ran to darkness" like madden says or they just keyed on him (likely).  i do know that doug stewart (on sportsradio) who played db on the lions with him said he never even touched him during practice.
i'm no historicalologist, but this happened in 2009 - like a few months ago [source](http://sports.espn.go.com/oly/cycling/news/story?id=3909339).  i mean really, lance didn't come back until this year.  the article didn't even try.  blah.
due to the score of the actual game i can only conclude that quantum leap was trying to warn us that the world will end in 2017.
vick was going to be charged under rico (organized crime) laws for being the main figure in an illegal gambling operation.  that's why he's doing 2 years.  it's not for killing dogs.
steal lance armtstrong's bike, get drunk, then run over rianna... that will get you the chair.
t-bro did really well in the combines, falling just behind griffin in a lot of areas (scoring, in particular).  he showed his athleticism.  he showed an upside.

here's a guy who got hyped up in his junior year and would have been a guaranteed lottery pick then.  he put up the same #s his senior year but unfortunately for him, backlash always follows hype.  good to see he's "doing work" and proving the haters wrong.
oh i understand that completely. problem is, you say "michael vick" and rico is not what anyone thinks; it's "he's the puppy killer and should be buried underneath the jail." you say donte stallworth killed somebody and nobody bats an eye. 

my point was how the media (read: society) sensationalizes things to the point of skewed context and, in doing such, forgets basic priorities.
that's redundant.  if you are an espn personality, you are a de facto b-lister.
i have been an attorney in la criminal court rooms for numerous plea bargains involving domestic violence/ battery cases.  chris brown got the standard deal that everyone who gives their significant other, male or female, a black eye and a fat lip.  the exact same standard deal. 
the guy who was killed by donte stallworth's car caused the accident. 
the guy who was killed by donte stallworth's car caused the accident. 
the guy caused donte to drive drunk?  well fuck me...
and my detroit lions, with the greatest running back ever in their possession, could not fill out the team and make something of it.  there's no doubt in my mind that barry would own so many records if the lions could have pieced together even a mediocre team around him.

[http://www.0and16.com](http://www.0and16.com) ftw

i agree.  it was funny when adrian peterson came here out of high school.  we didn't compare him to anyone.  there wasn't a need.

i remember watching barry sanders in person.  there will probably never be anyone just like him (reggie bush had a similar style).  but most of the people that get compared never even pan out.
but stallworth unintentionally killed someone who was jaywalking. vick knowingly tortured dogs and engaged in a criminal enterprise. 

*edit: i'm being repetitive
no.  the guy ran out in the middle of the street , in the middle of the night in front of ds's car.  being over the legal limit gives rise to a presumption that he was drunk and just because he was drunk does not mean that being drunk had anything to do with the accident.
people keep on down-voting you, but what you say is the truth:

http://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/news?slug=jc-stallworth052109&amp;prov=yhoo&amp;type=lgns

http://hubpages.com/hub/nflfootballstallworth

http://hubpages.com/hub/nflfootballstallworth





so we're doing the "compare the crime to donte stallworth" thing *again*?
doesn't look like anything spectacular. i've played with and seen a lot of guys who are just so physically dominant at a young age that they look they could make it at any level. truth is, on a lot of high school football teams, most kids just like playing football, and don't hit the weights every day or run sprints in mornings. they just go out and play with whatever they have. so when a kid comes along that puts in even a little bit of work, well, he looks like the next barry sanders. i played against a lot of teams that looked like they had never seen a weight room before. 
wow braves tickets are super cheap.
court of public opinion &lt;&gt; criminal court
"further, stallworth alleges he flashed his lights as he approached the victim."

uhh, that doesn't sound like a very good defense to me.  so he's saying he saw the guy but instead of slamming on his brakes he flashes his lights, as if to say 'get out of my road, jaywalker'  the fuck is this shit? seriously, he killed a guy, while drunk.  fucking idiot should go to jail for 50 years just for saying that he flashed his lights.
middle of the night? try 7 a.m. 
please... this guy was 21 when clinton was president.

who are you trying to kid?
i think i saw a hold.
criminal court rulings != (right,wrong)

i don't know how to program, but i guess that looks right?
fuck your proofreading for headlines sake.
regardless of right and wrong, criminal court can send you to jail.  the court of public opinion cannot.
where the hell does one come up with a name like "vontae"?   

it's pure gibberish.

enough with these god-awful names already... 
wait, what? a person is sent to jail based upon our supposed system of determining right from wrong (read: justice). but the parity between that system and what you or i determine to be right and wrong is so large that the weight of involuntary manslaughter &lt; interstate gambling/animal cruelty. 
your clients have a very stupid lawyer that doesn't do his homework. i feel sorry for them.
she could choke me any day!!!
follow up after court hearing, i wana see if they really give dude three years with no prior convictions.... or does he have priors which makes the three year term make a little more sense.  not a lot of detail on espn these days... lol 
will he retire 10 years too early and screw the lions too.
did they have to stand in line of a penelty kick i hated that.
ahh i can almost smell john kruk in those pictures.   gooo mets baby
hey my babies moma's sister's neighbor's name is vonte sharte jaque davis jr.  
and who is she?  don't hate bills are going to have a 9-6 season because of him this year.  
lucky
fat chicks need lovin too.
it's as if fame and celebrity could warrant favor in the incorruptibly blind courts of justice. preposterous.
but, by jebus, it would be a hell of a time!
i'm glad you're not in charge of things then captain level headed.
but if he left the clean life after 40, why wouldn't he start stealing bikes?
lance takes better care his bike than rianna does for herself
whenever i think of eddy curry, i just think of what bill walton would be saying about him. then i laugh. 
ok.  so at dawn then?  in any event, stallworth stopped immediately after the accident, called 911 and submitted to roadside alcohol testing.  his bac was .12.  barely drunk if that.  the guy ran across the street right in front of stallworth's car.  i would not have voted for guilt if i was on a jury.  the victim should be nominated for a darwin award.
he flashed his lights at the guy.  the guy acknowledged stallworth and then continued to step in front of the car.  sounds like the guy saw a bentley and was trying to get paid.
wow!  you are such an angry little troll, aren't you?  
funny stuff
yep, it's my site. i'd love for you guys to send questions. the site has only been up about 15 days, so we're working on the content, but right now we're on about a 4 article a day pace, so we should be filling it up quickly.
&gt; in this case, reyes allegedly was jaywalking at the time he was hit and killed by stallworth. if reyes was jaywalking, it could be argued he contributed to the accident. in addition, stallworth claimed to have flashed his lights and honked his horn at reyes, which is being interpreted by stallworth’s side as a way of warning reyes to get out of the way.

jaywalking?  and he had the time to honk and flash lights?  depending on how long he honked (beep vs blaring), that could easily be interpreted as a sign that the jaywalker should finish crossing.  saying it's a jaywalkers fault alone is ridiculous.  

i mean, the judge and jury bought it, but it's still ridiculous.  he didn't jump in front of the car, he was jaywalking and stallworth saw him far enough ahead to flash and honk.  a sober person would have just hit the damn brakes at the same time.
hard to be arrested when you [weren't in the state](http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/football/pro/dolphins/sfl-dolphins-vontae-davis-062309,0,7105571.story) at time of said arrest.

mets?

&gt; a sober person would have just hit the damn breaks at the same time.

too bad the law doesn't judge the rest of us like rich fucks.  too bad a moron dies because a rich fuck thought flashing his lights was enough to say "fuck it im hitting this bastard"
it would probably be helpful if one or both of you provided facts here...
fuck your headlines for proofreading's sake!
what i read said ds honked and flashed his lights before hitting him.  drunk or not that is fucking killing a guy....
but unlike his father he actually has a few blockers........
apples to oranges...
first of all, if you see a person acting strangely near a road while you are driving, do you just flash your lights and honk at them, or do you slow down and prepare to stop or move away if they run in front of you?  the story just doesn't add up, if you see someone and you are concerned about hitting them enough to flash your lights and honk, etc, shouldn't you also slow down?  i drive around la downtown and there's plenty of bums that do weird shit like stand in the dividing line.  i don't drive up next to them at 50mph flashing my lights and honking, i just drive cautiously and if they move in front of me i'll stop.  it's not hard to avoid hitting someone if you are sober and not driving like a maniac.  nothing about stallworth's story makes any any sense, i'm surprised people are even pretending like he made a good argument.  "sounds like the guy was trying to get paid".  yeah, great way to get paid, walk in front of a car.  you make it sound like the guy jumped under his wheels as he carefully drove down the street.  this asshole was driving like a maniac around pedestrians and killed someone.  that's manslaughter, end of story.
oops, sorry... ill make sure i do next time..
no worries. i could understand what you were saying, but a simple once over before hitting submit goes a long way. it's just the pedant in me.
9-6-1?  they play 16 games y'know...  

anyway, i actually saw this show tonight and she came off as a total bitch.  i mean, i normally have no tolerance for t.o., and granted, he was a bit of a drama queen at one point during the show, but i actually kinda felt bad for him for dealing with such a thundercunt.  
the article is vary vague. this could well be the persons 2nd or 3rd offence, for which there are much harsher penalties. 
i agree. my nephews met the stig not so long ago and he was definitely not schumacher, or i would've known about it
this is what he claimed. any sober person would hit the brakes if he saw something jump out on the road. if he claims he had time to honk and even flash lights, and didn't slow down, plus having blood alcohol way over limit (being a big man, that would equal a bottle of wine)
"of"
low res headshots are "great"?
is it confirmed that the man was actually in stallworth's way?  the version i'm familiar with is that the man seemed as though he was about to cross, or was perhaps on the shoulder or side of the road.  stallworth warned him not to cross with his actions, and assumed that it was safe to continue.  keep in mind that i am by no means claiming this to be the truth, i really haven't followed the story closely.

personally, i slow down in that situation, but i'm not a pompous athlete.
&gt;from the miami herald:  according to reports from the herald, stallworth drove his bentley around a stopped vehicle to beat a red light and struck 59-year old mario reyes, who was walking to a bus stop from work as an overnight crane operator.

stallworth was gunning it to beat a red light while another vehicle had already stopped.  i'd say it was most likely his fault.
[superbowl shuffle 2?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhywyjrls8a)
god it's so awesome to see that little baby throwing his temper tantrums after loosing.
civil v criminal
i think the "laura bush killed a guy" thing would be way better.
very true.
wow that's unbelievable.
vontae does seem to get a lot of bad press.  first, it was rumored that he failed a drug test (which he didn't) and now this.
he sold a $10,000 bike for $200?  see, there's this thing called google...
awesome.
they seem to just ignore the ball and just beat each other up...
clearly the world's game.
it is the beautiful game
nice.
but the world calls it football.
i think i also would have started slowing down at the possibility of this person going into the road.  of course i cant afford fancy lawyers...  :d
someone needs to work on their fractions, it wasn't half, more like 1/5th.  still pretty nifty though.
soccer &amp; cool do not belong in the same sentence
in america, soccer is very popular with pre-teenage girls.
that's so cool
somewhere my grammar school english teacher just started to cry.
that is the best news i have read all day. mosley was a roadblock and needed to step down long before these events. 
don't get me wrong, this is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better than i could ever do, and the stuff this guy does is amazing, but am i the only one who thinks a lot of his stuff looks "awkward"?  i dunno, just seems like his movement is kind jerky and unbalanced and not very fluid.  again, it is still impressive, just looks kind of weird to me.  
this is why football is so cool.
really? what an insightful comment. do tell more.
well i guess i better watch it then.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3trmho1rksq
does that include dog leg courses?  selecting a lesser club?  it also probably takes into account slicing into the rough.  

with those cheater drivers out on a generic wide open hole given the various ages and non-athleticism of golfers... this seems about right.

from a journalist outside the organization
fair enough, european fags.

or should i say... all-the-rest-of-the-world fagssss...
the good thing about football you can play it almost anywhere with almost anything (had to put *almost* in case some wise ass asks if i can play football in a spaceship with a box of twinkies, yes you probably can actually). some of the most fun i had growing up was playing football in our school yard with a crushed soda can on. 
because it was spread by imperialism which involved a lot of death, violence, rape, cultural usurpation... that sort of thing.

it's also relatively cheap with low barriers to entry unlike say hockey.
&gt; because it was spread by imperialism which involved a lot of death, violence, rape, cultural usurpation... that sort of thing.

really, that's stretching it a bit. you can say the brits invented it and they were responsible for that imperialism, but saying football had an actual role in that period of history is a stretch. i never heard of it being forced into cultures over other national sports. sure, it does have that "appeasing the masses" factor, but not in its early history. but i'd be glad to be shown otherwise, if you have sources.

but the second sentence is true. probably the easiest and cheapest game to play.
20 or 25 years ago i would have disagreed with you.

but now that all of the u.s. sports have been dumbed-down to enhance "more scoring", i have found soccer to be the greatest sport on the planet- especially the epl, serie a, la liga and the bundesliga (i don't really care about mls because it's simply not on the same level).

and believe me, i worshipped the green bay packers, the los angeles dodgers, the ny rangers and the knicks.  mlb and the nfl were once fantastic leagues.  even the nba was great.   

now i can't can't watch any of those sports (except for baseball now and then) because the powers that be (and espn) have ruined them all to appease the american imbeciles who don't understand what sport is all about.  "parity" and salary caps do not belong in professional sports, either.  it creates mediocrity.  the nfl has become a game where basically the team that fucks-up the least wins.

just think of what he could do with a bat.
well, in the states, most parents who put their kids in sports programs send their boys to play little league baseball or peewee football.  some girls play softball, but most play soccer.  

also, many universities in the states only have soccer teams for women.

i think this is why the usa women's soccer team has been a power house for the past few decades, and the men's team has not.
don't believe those guns.
go ahead kevin, buy the snowmobile and then when they trade your ass to phoenix sell it for half of what you paid for it.
man, i could pick apart this article until it was a sentence. all these numbers are just plain wrong

edit: adding clarity to my previous post. most people do not carry an official handicap or know how to calculate one properly. since this is from a uk website, i am assuming they the r&amp;a standards of determining players handicaps. much different than usga. neither one of these services are free so most "every-now-and-then" golfers don't have one, or just make it up.

so yes, 90% of handicaps are true but most golfers do not have official handicaps.

in determining the avg driving distance, this there is a 60 yard space between high and low. 60 yard gaps does not give an average. i have read everything from 190-210 and that sounds better to me. you cannont count hauling out on a ball and sending it 40 yards onto the next fairway as a hit, 

and forget about the avg round of golf stat, that's bs.

i'd go into this more, but i have to run. maybe later
his is the only jersey i own. 
damn, its against the broncos. i'm going to the raiders v chiefs game this year. saw them play the saints last year.
it takes all kinds of people with different sporting likes and dislikes. i just happen to be one who wouldn't watch a soccer game if it was the only thing around.
soccer is a test of who can perform the best dives.  
wow. i've always dreamed of doing something like this, but i'm not enough of a baller. it helps to have the skills. i can't really just go around to all these countries to play pickup and then suck it up like i usually do. 

upvoted for the soundtrack - the jakes are awesome
&gt; # average driver distance, men: 200-260 yards.

yeah, that's a useful number.  
http://www.amazon.com/its-not-about-bike-journey/dp/0399146113
wahey! i would
well that's a real kick to the teeth. nice work daily illini...
wow, the scene in the salt flats of bolivia was pretty spectacular.
i like the nba. i prefer nba basketball over euro or any other kind of basketball. the thing about salary cap, well, i don't know.

take the real madrid for example: they have arguably the best team in the world (on paper). they pay millions for that. in the meantime lower teams have absolutely no shot at ever getting near that. ever. so basically european football will always be a competition by the highest paying teams. another team may join the fight, but only if they can get an investor that have the same kind of cash to buy great players.

the salary cap is there to prevent it. however, you can say that it doesn't mean shit, since the same teams keep winning and the same teams keep sucking. for instance, the bucks are arguably the worse team in the league for a while and the cap hasn't helped them at all. the clippers were always a bad team, cap or no cap, draft or no draft. but, even though that might be bad, it would suck to see a team with kobe, lebron, wade and howard win it every single year, just because they can pay 100 mil over 5 to all those players. the cap makes the trades more equal, even if that doesn't help some teams. you can see, for example, the knicks absolutely suck, and have for some years now, even if they have one of the biggest markets and more money than 28 other teams. i don't think it's perfect, but the kind of "money grabs all" that happens in football is even worse.
it's a wonder they can swim at all while drunk on [cheap wine](http://www.bumwine.com/nighttrain.html).
actually, the former british colonies are the *only* 
countries (with one or two exceptions like the far east) where association football isn't so popular. british imperialism exported the 
sports of the upper class - cricket and rugby union.  
can you play football with a candlestick in the conservatory with colonel mustard?
&gt; but the second sentence is true. probably the easiest and cheapest game to play.

whenever i try to compare eishockey and futbol (which i both play, poorly) i am always reminded of the description of the process for approving new sports in huxley's "brave new world." basically, to force increased consumerism, to get a new sport approved it has to take more expensive, more perishable equipment than the last approved sport. so they have things like escalator racquetball or whatever. so hockey isn't quite there; in places where water freezes naturally it is not a terrible lot of equipment to play some minimum kind of hockey. but in, say, the southern united states, it is a lot of equipment and a lot of expense.
ice hockey and soccer are the two sports i continue to love watching (and playing). lacrosse comes in a distant 3rd, but miles, miles ahead of college sports, the mlb, then nfl, then nba. i do like playing all of those sports, but watching the nba is like an ice pick to the brain.
http://deadon.wordpress.com/2007/04/24/the-20-most-cromulent-simpsons-episodes-of-all-time-16/

----

brockman (bored): halfback passes to the center. back to the wing. back to the center. center holds it. holds it. holds it…

mexican announcer (wetting his pants): halfback passes to center!! back to wing!! back to center!! holds it!! holds it!! holds it!!!
&gt; “will you come to dc to watch me play next season?”

that is not a proposition. "i'll donate a million dollars to a charity of your choice to watch you eat pancakes, while grunting and wearing your little tennis outfit," would have been a real proposition.
i once drove 400 yards. that's right, folks: two cart paths!
no to the pats.... but id like to see denver and the brew crews logo reverted back.

and the new lions logo sukcs
definitely the brew crew glove logo!
henry rowengartner was throwing that fast for the cubs back in '93.
spain certainly showing that skill right now - 3 dives in the first 5 minutes; and getting donovan charged with a yellow card when he clearly got the ball first.
i once had an open faced sandwich consisting of toast, two brat patties and cheese fries on top.  it's called a horseshoe and it's amazing (when drunk).
i like all those except the pats... and the fact that the hurricanes no longer play in hartford and are no longer called the whalers meaning reverting back to that logo would make no sense. the washington capitals made the right decision to go back to their old logo and colours a few years rather than stick with the monostrities they called uniforms.

as for the lions, i don't know how they can even call that a new logo when all they did was take the old logo, which was just the outline of a lion, and add detail to the inside.
[after an 0-16 year they kind of needed some teeth. ](http://instantrimshot.com/)
this must be regional, because in my experience at youth levels soccer had much more participation than football. also softball/baseball leagues are held in the spring while soccer and football are in the fall traditionally, so they are unconflicting. 
i added this to the comments:

http://www.chriscreamer.com/logo.php?id=8gwv5vpgjsq8fox4fjsl4p54f
arsenal f.c. should definitely go back to their old school logo.
not that the usa didn't go up 1-0 on italy, too, but altidore just put usa up 1-0 over spain.
what?  no love for the hook-nosed chief wahoo from the late 40s?

*[thank goodness]*
the brewers do wear the ball in glove fairly often, it's part of their kit.  however, the [new brewer's logo](http://sportslogos.net/images/logos/54/64/full/x1poitlhifc8srw64hicefsh9.gif) is quite good(as opposed to the [one that was in between](http://sportslogos.net/images/logos/54/64/full/gd2e2yuj5zejge71o30ye5859.gif) which sucked.)

the new england [flying elvis](http://sportslogos.net/images/logos/7/151/full/897.gif) still beats pat the patriot, however.
exactly.  the fun bird needs to be revived for sure.
bratwurst patties... these need to be put on [thomas' squares bagels](http://thomas.gwbakeries.com/subcatsquaresbagelbread.cfm) for good measure. fuck yeah, america. fuck. yeah.
the brewers logo is even better when you realize that it's made up of an "m" and a "b".  
*headslap! *

i was going to post that i just noticed for the first time that the glove makes out the letters m and b for the first letters in "milwaulkee brewers"
[this?](http://www.knowledgerush.com/wiki_image/8/8b/arsenal_fc_old_crest.png)
yeah, that's the one.
2 nil!!
it's a funny contrast. the usa is a rampantly capitalistic society but their sports are bordering on communist with salary caps, drafts etc. europe on the other hand have socialist governments and ruthlessly capitalist sports. what's that about?
wow what an unexpected finish
what the fuck? i thought we were just forfeiting a ton of games last month, now we are good?
us will never embrace soccer.
what the fuck just happened?

i'm actually glad for you guys. i always cheer for the underdog.
brazil v spain would have been a much better end to the confederations cup, no matter who you rooted for today
good goaltending, opportunistic goals. other than the first 10, maybe 15 minutes where usa had decent chances and seemed to carry the play, most of the rest of the game was spent with spain attacking from the midfield down, with occasional long clears. pretty gutty effort from usa defenders blocking shots, i wouldn't be surprised if the shots were 20-6 and the time of possession 60-30.
hell of a game for the u.s.
what's soccer?
i
don't
fucking
believe
it
that was great. howard was awesome and had to be. 

now if they could stop getting someone sent off every damn game!
oh, we're giddy and fiercely proud of it. it's america. i remember when millwall made it to the fa cup final in 2004. sure they lost, but to even get the chance to face man u was an honor. it can only improve your game. 
i can only imagine how much bloodshed there will be in spain over this.
finally. good job usa. 
what about the [old mariners logo](http://tomseasoltz.files.wordpress.com/2008/03/mariners.gif)?
us will never embrace palin.....unless she is naked, tied up, and roofied!
why are there lots of negative comments like this on every soccer post?

we get it. lots of americans hate soccer. it's a game for pussies and only teenage girls play it in the states. so? do you need to say this every time? must you piss on others enjoyment of the sport? i'm not aware of reddit soccer fans dumping on us sports like this.

/rant
every year in the fa cup some third division side upsets an epl side... 

please- come back to reality, us soccer fans.  you are embarrassing yourselves. 
americans should be happy. a win is a win.

having said that, it is obvious that they are not the better team. it is also obvious that spain is not the best team in the world.
this is seriously one of the biggest upsets in sporting history.

this is a team going on 35 matches undefeated, 15 straight wins... this is the best team the world has seen since... i don't know, since brazil 82? they have dominated since 2007, to lose against a team who's struggling in the concacaf world cup qualifiers... i'm speechless.
hey, some of us dig it :)
wow.

i grew up playing soccer in the us and have always wanted them to do well but always idolized foreign sides and players. i have always rooted for for the spanish team because they play amazing soccer, and i have family living in madrid, but i have to hand it to the us they did what a physical, and gutsy team needs to do against a finesse team like spain.

today may have been the biggest upset performed by the us national team, although it wasn't on the world cup stage spain is at the top of soccer today and this is a huuuge upset.  spain was off balance the whole game and couldn't find their groove and although they had plenty of chances the us played solid defense and luckily got to get a few goals in with excellent goals by altidore and dempsey.

shit i was kinda stunned to see my #1 team tumble, but i couldn't ask for a bigger game for the us after sneaking into the semi's in a unlikely turn of events last week.

i can't wait for the this weekend.
leave it to ramos to commit the fuck up of the game. spain looked like it was going to score an inevitable equalizer and then sergio basically serves the ball up to the american attacker in the area. i thought casillas was going to bite his head off!
good defense, great athletes. very little technical skill but opportunistic goal scoring. football's like that.
the truth is somewhere in between.
it would be great if brazil lost tomorrow so we could see the spain-brazil match up that everybody wants in the 3rd place match. lol if the final is s africa - usa....!
&gt; this is the best team the world has seen since... i don't know, since brazil 82? 

on paper? perhaps. spain doesn't translate their results to titles; it's nothing new actually. and i think brazil's 35 undefeated run was from 1993 through 1996.
gotta say the brew crew logo is great, but what about the old canucks logo?

http://www.chriscreamer.com/logo.php?id=281
shots were 29-9, with 6 of those 29 being on goal.
who are better than spain then?
perhaps.  i grew up in texas.  what about you?
&gt;doesn't translate their results to titles

2008 european champions, remember?
i don't entirely disagree with this sentiment.  the u.s. beat a great team and that's a good thing for supporters of american soccer.  however, although they were the one's who scored the two goals, they were dominated for most of the match.  the u.s. simply lacks men up front who could handle the ball for any prolonged period of time and men in the middle who can control the flow of a game and make that occasional all important pass that will split a seam.

i recognize the gutsy effort put in by donovan today, and the stellar defensive play in our own box, but lets not get crazy about this win.  and as far as biggest upset ever; really?  ever?  in a confederations cup tournament?  let's get serious.
you sound bitter...
i remember. i also remember the 2006 world cup, 2002 (both they where one of the best teams in the world) and this conf. cup.
fuck anyone else who seeks to dampen this win, congratulations to america! 

even as an england (*albeit reluctant*) supporter for as long as i can remember, i find the american team play with such heart and just get screwed over in the end...it also doesn't help that the team has the piss taken out of them each time they lose in hard fought matches. 

you guys have an awesome team, and alot of spirit. keep it up ! 
you mean that same fa cup match where the premiership club fields a team of second division quality?

other than the final, there is no such thing as an upset in the fa cup...just a team that had higher priorities.
low scoring sports always open themselves up to upsets, which is a good or bad thing depending  on whether you like cinderellas or dynasties.
commence hat eating, [endhits](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8uee9/one_of_the_great_sporting_comebacks_of_all_time/c0agrqp).
just amazing!!
if the us wants to win this competition they can't get cocky.  the size of there nuts got them to this point.  but moving forward to the future i'd like to see us possess the ball a little better when we have a lead.  ricardo clark made horrible decisions with the ball the entire game.  
updated link: http://soccernet.espn.go.com/report?id=270153&amp;cc=5901&amp;league=fifa.confederations
how's that hat taste?
i don't think the us is feeling cocky. i think they're more like "holy shit, how has this happened?" at least, thats how all their fans (scoff) feel.
the us as a whole don't feel cocky but some of the players will.  i wouldn't be surprised to see clint dempsey free style rapping about how gangsta we are.
football (american football) is king here, thanks for the advice though!
i should link to the story the other day where all the little homosexers were saying the us isn't competitive internationally and was going to get massacred by spain. not that this makes me care about soccer any more.
&gt; today may have been the biggest upset performed by the us national team

[one of them anyway.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_men%27s_national_soccer_team#1950_world_cup:_upset_of_england) ;)
fuck. i forgot to watch this game.
now south africa just need to beat brazil and we will have a great final.
this is different. it might not be the same magnitude of an upset, but instead of a team simply pulling off a shocking upset and fading out of existence, this is a team finally legitimizing itself to the rest of the world. so even if its not the biggest upset, i'd say its their most important win.
that should make spaniards begin to care about training best football players from childhood, and stop wasting ridiculous amounts of money for foreign players.
lol, i love the 1983 team america playing in nasl and finishing last. 
given you're a well-known authority on the subject, i can't but help agree.
that's why they won.
where are the pics of you eating your hat?
spain didn't know how to score, the us had about 4 chances and scored on two.  i have to say that was some great defending by the us specially on onyewu.  without a doubt man of the match.
it should be "who is better than spain", not 'who are'. whether you're speaking of the country as a whole or the team, 'are' is incorrect since the subject of your sentence is singular.
and a great third place match.  (brazil vs spain)
problem is that in my book he is not well known for keeping promises, so we will have to wait and see if he really will not seek re-election.
it was bugging me that i couldn't find it, but i just found it.

http://www.nj.com/yankees/index.ssf/2008/09/new_york_yankees_joba_chamberl_6.html

he's on a 150 innings limit.  already halfway there.
wow, that was awesome!
yea, it is a mandate that you never watch another one!
you have a point, however that didn't stop spain from going on a 3 year unbeaten streak...
love his twittering lol
the funny thing is that people often don't realise actually how highly rated usa actually is. in the official rankings they are number 14. that is out of something like 210 teams. just 4 behind a team like france, and ahead of a team like greece who won the euro cup in 2004
mike minter interview is pretty awesome
i would be sooo happy if this deal went through.  crawford is great but he just doesn't fit into the warrior's future plans.  we are just one or two pieces away from actually being a competitive team.
ok, i quickly updated my comment to satisfy everyone that will never see it : ) 
must we dominate yet another sport?

[-8?  how bitter can you be?]

shots on goals were 8-2 (this includes the 2 goals, so no saves for iker)

[source](http://www.fifa.com/confederationscup/statistics/matches/round=250120/match=66213/index.html)
i should have known it was a bad idea to check reddit 5 minutes before i leave work to go watch the dvred game.  dammit.
that fact doesn't invalidate my point but rather makes spain's streak that much more impressive.
holy shit
why the downmod? that is true as a fact... spain by itself has not achieved anything a long time ago (the only exception, the recent euro cup)
espn had it at 6 in their box score. but then again, they also had the shots as 11-4 -- probably only one half stats worth. probably should've noticed that considered i quoted the 29-9 from the article.  
eat the hat!
don't mind him. he's [cap. killjoy](http://www.theonion.com/content/news/awful_man_offers_witty_acerbic).
they won, but still, us followers have to have their feet on the ground. great defense today, but a poor team talent wise. event if you win this tournament, still, it is not a world championship contender team, a quarterfinals team at best.

but enjoy, your team is getting better every year.
the best part is all those fucking sports commentators on espn were bashing the us. i swear, all they talked about was how stupid the goal differential system was, and said that italy deserved it more than us. 

oh, and fuck you too giuseppe rossi.
fucking hilarious.
buffalo sabres should go back to their [old logo](http://www.hockeyforum.com/photopost/data/2/1918_buffalo_sabres_logo_edited.jpg). the [new logo](http://www.dkm-sales.com/photos/main.php?g2_view=core.downloaditem&amp;g2_itemid=182&amp;g2_serialnumber=2) looks like a slug with horns.
you u.s. guys should all be backing your team. they played a great (if not showy) game against the best team in europe right now. i can't believe more people in the u.s. can't enjoy the beauty of the game, even if the scores are low...
and i will [shut the fuck up](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8uee9/one_of_the_great_sporting_comebacks_of_all_time/c0agpwv) for now.
well, i would wait and see... this is a us team that got rocked by costa rica and was lucky to win against honduras not too long ago. the team's performance in the final and in next summer's world cup will tell us more than this one game.  it's a big upset no doubt, but the us still has a ways to go.

(i'd also add that the us has been widely respected since the 2002 world cup, so i am not sure the team has to prove itself to anyone other than its own supporters.)
most international soccer fans respect the us team. you guys are like blackburn rovers in the epl. you are never going to be the best but we are all scared to play you. you can beat anyone on your day.
it's what fifa wanted. ;)
eat the hat, bitch
nope, but we will kick the #1 team in the world's ass occasionally.  

america, fuck yeah!!
stats are not so important in football. it's more of an art than a science.
it could be reddit soccer fans making the comments.
did the spaniards get drunk or something?
yes! the chinese have taken our spot as top nation at the olympics.  that means we have to kick ass at something new.
as a yank who has gone from soccer-ridiculer to soccer-obsessed (c'mon you reds!) i can't agree enough.
although hockey is a little higher scoring, it's much higher variance than soccer.  8 seed over 1 seed upsets aren't too rare in the nhl playoffs; it's pretty rare for upsets like this in soccer.
we want pictures of your hat being eaten. 
i don't know what it is about dempsey. i think he's the best player on the squad now and is great with fulham, but for some reason, i don't think he plays as well with the national team.  he gets all "let-me-do-5-consecutive-unnecessary-tricks-and-lose-the-ball" too often.
i second that emotion.
a strenuous upvote to you (to clarify, i clicked the mouse extra-hard). as i told my english friend who's frustrated by my fellow american fans gone wild, "when that proverbial blind squirrel finds the equally proverbial nut, sometimes you just have to excuse him when he acts like it's prime rib." :-)
it's a little unfair comparing a league sport with specific parity-inducing mechanisms in place, i.e. salary cap, drafting from last place to first, etc. with a national competition where certain countries have traditionally been better than others.
what sport is better is not an argument one can be right about.
endhits, i recommend felt.
o'rly?
america! fuck yeah!
wait, hold on a second.  you lost me.  are we talking about hockey here or soccer/football/futbol?

hockey has goaltenders.  the beautiful game has goalkeepers.

sorry, pet peave of mine.

go usa!!!
i have to say, the us team looked absolutely gassed around the 65' mark, turning the ball over constantly and moving like they had lead in their boots.  as a us supporter i was certain an equalizer was coming.  amazing defense made up for almost complete inability to hold the ball in the midfield, but i guess spain is/was #1 for a reason.  i was so happy they were able to capitalize on that spanish miscue and totally demoralize them after the 75' mark. 

oh yeah, yet another ridiculous red card awarded.  none of them were deserved of "straight" reds imo.  not having bradley out there for the final will hurt. 
i thought we were talking about the relation of the scoring to variance?
good enough for me!
downmod me all you want, but you still don't know how to use proper grammar.
hahahha habeeb it bitch.
which only makes this even more impressive that we beat them 2-0
re: the red cards, its just been unbelievable how fucking shit and anti-american the referees have been.  south africa was clattering into spain like it was a rugby match and they saw yellow at worst.  bradley had his feet pulled in and won the ball and a straight red??? just un-fucking-conscionable decisions by the refs.  sickening that he won't get to play in the final now, and his dad is the coach.  they should really appeal heavily to fifa or something, its just not right.
goalie.  
it sums it all up.
i don't see where people get off saying the us has 'very little technical' skill.  dempsey plays some pretty attractive football for fulham, who just placed their highest ever 7th or so in the league.  donovan, parker, johnson, beasley, all of them can dribble round a player pretty nicely.  i thought davies overhead bicycle kick from a cross was pretty 'technical'.  
it's one of these cliche things that people trot out about the us team but it's just not true.  we have some skillful players who can dribble and shoot with the best of them.
keep in mind we went into that game ranked #14 in the world. we're not all that shabby. this was just awesome.
luck and no skill, how, american.
upstate ny. i know that high school football is huge in texas, so that would certainly account for an increase in peewee attendance. high school football is hardly different from any other varsity sport around here. 
i feel the same way.  too me i think the reason is that soccer and hockey generally have a steady flow to the game.  basketball, football, and especially baseball have a start/stop style that i just have trouble enjoying unless i have a certain team i feel strongly about.
pseudo-intellectual and a shitty attitude, how, european.
it was a 35 game *unbeaten* streak. the winning streak was at 15.
their winning streak was only 15.  the unbeaten streak was 35 (meaning there was at least one tie in there somewhere).
doesn't really matter.  usa won.  spain lost.  everything else is just sour grapes.
somehow no other team managed to get that lucky in 35 straight games.

can't believe you'd disrespect your own sport enough to say that the team that "deserves" to win doesn't always win.
*terrorists your game is through...*
yeah.  i mean, soccer is mostly a game of luck anyway.  even if you're as skillful a team as spain, you're bound to lose one every few games just because luck was on the other team's side.  in spain's case, it was 35.  okay, whatever, so no team in the last 35 games against spain managed to get lucky.  i guess the u.s. was lucky enough to get lucky this time.  luck.  lucky luck luck luck.  

/sarcasm

eat crow, camalittle.  even if the u.s. won the world cup the rest of the world would say it was "luck" just so they could look at themselves in the mirror the next morning.  there is not a single thing the u.s. team could do to get some respect in this sport.  at every stage, there would be at least *some* form of backlash.  they win this game, it's luck.  if they win the whole tournament, it's because the other teams sucked.  if they win the world cup next year, well, great, but it was a fluke cup and they'll never win again.  they'd have to win the world cup for the next 20 years before anyone said, "hey, y'know what, you guys can hold your own on the soccer field".  just admit that and move on.
this was the first soccer/football game i have watched in it's entirety and i have to say i really enjoyed it!  i found myself yelling at the tv and usually i only do that during a baseball game.  i think i'm hooked!
but as we come to find out it's not about quantity of possession, but the quality of possession. it's not to say that spain was worse on the ball than usa, i just think they were having an off night in the final 1/3 and timmy howard was on his game. it was refreshing to see him so on it, actually. and altidore's goal was perfect. 

all in all great match i thought. the best i've seen out of usa in a long time. 
i've got too say for once i'm proud of my country for doing something no one thought we could do.  miracle on field?
this logo brings back memories - http://farm1.static.flickr.com/87/247605588_2a7119d715_o.jpg
come to think of it, all nba teams should revert to their old logos.
going to play in europe wasn't a cakewalk. on espn he said sometimes he wouldn't be paid, and i don't know if he was treated like the big man on campus like he would have if he went to college.
the hat, it must be eaten.
i'm already writing the script and in talks with mark walhberg.

title: usa goes invincible
well the point is now moot =)
alright then. let's see:
casillas
xavi
iniesta
fabregas
villa
torres

all would literally walk on to any team in the world.
i don't mean to shit on anybody's parade, but anyone i know who understands soccer has not watched a single confederations cup game because it was a complete waste of time (i only watched today's game after i knew the score and purely for curiosities sake).  it has the intensity of the nba all star game and players want to be there as much as nflers want to tackle at the pro bowl.

yeah it was surprising that the us of all teams ended spain's streak (especially how they started out the tournament), but no one gives a shit.  saying this is one of the greatest soccer upsets is laughable at best and complete and utter shit at worst.  kudos to the us team for the effort they put out on the pitch tonight.
mmmmmmmmmmmm hat!
hell fucking ya!

big diesel in c~town!!!
&gt; i'm not aware of reddit soccer fans dumping on us sports like this.

really? have you ever been on a thread where baseball comes up? baseball is bashed to hell by the soccer fans on here. 
i wasn't exclusively looking at that stat. i was more interested in the possibility of upsets in a single game when low scoring is the norm. for example, you will not see the 20th ranked country beat the 1st ranked country in ice-hockey as often as you will see that in futbol.
actually that makes it more plausible that an upset occurs and hence less impressive.
not winning streak. unbeaten streak. (as in, ties were counted.) still huge, and tied a world record, but not quite as ridiculous as a 35 game winning streak.
&gt;downmod me all you want, but you still don't know how to you proper grammar.

*rolls eyes*
nice! championship in cleveland
breaking news, i mean kneecaps.  shaq is old.
he's still dominant and a huge upgrade over ben wallace.

edit: and wallace is retiring anyway so we basically got shaq for pavlovic and the 46th pick straight up.  tell me that's not a sweet deal.
if he's fit for 1/2 the season you'll be lucky
read the sport papers in spain this morning and tell me they don't give a shit.

this is a major upset in any paper that reports on soccer/football.  it may not be as memorable as the us v. england in 1950 world cup or greece taking euro 2004, but it is a giant upset.  we went from sure bet for elimination to the finals; it's a pretty nice moment for our team.
well they already had the record for winning streak at 15.  it was the unbeaten record they wanted to take too.
if he's not making many points, blocks, or rebounds in cleveland, he'll at least make the team even more money by have two of the biggest names ever in the nba.

there was talk of shaq coming to my hometown, new orleans.  i would have loved to see him and root for him playing for my home team but then i worried about what today's shaq does to a team.  more distraction than anything.  he's a big body with a skill set but he's also a big, old body and will probably be on the bench more than ever now.  how will he handle it?  38 year old centers don't have comeback/breakout years...they get worse.

i often wonder what it feels like to be such a huge star and then to feel the end coming.  age takes away what these kinds of people, the athletes, are so good at and have been the best at for so long.  how does one adapt?  how does one face it?
seeing that old nuggets logo up close like that makes me really like it.  that brewers logo is pretty sweet too....got the m and the b making a glove that's sure to produce an error in the outfield.
how about the "cleveland dreamer?"  shaq will be dreaming about when he was 25 years old and so will all the fans when they realize he's not much more that a big name on the back of the jersey of a has been.
being a teenage multi-millionaire rarely is rough?
as a neutral that was a great game to watch. i stand corrected. the usa just didn't let them play. what do you reckon, a usa &amp; sa final? :)
spain's defense were way too cocky and the usa got right in their faces. thoroughly deserved
good job us but i;m sad coz my favorite loss from usa, now i support you usa make brasil loss too
so amazed. what a game! 
we only need him for the playoffs anyway.
i have serious trouble believing that t.o. didn't do that on purpose. regardless of that it was really funny seeing how much shit he didn't give, and how much she cared. 

&gt;"calls himself an athlete??" 

i'd be willing to bet she honestly thinks she could get on the field with him after seeing this show. pure greatness.


i've visited madrid.  love the place.  but something tells me that if i were excitedly running around the el centro area screaming "usa usa usa!" i would be mugged.  
then lebron is going to have to go to the trouble of winning one without shaq too.
thats uncalled for. 
i've watched italy vs. brazil. 
spain often underestimates opponents. i haven't seen that game, and usa has well composed play for several years, but the fault is probably on spain's side. lucky for you that judge was from uruguay, if he was from europe you wouldn't win that easy. 

and it is always major upset when big 5 lose from baseball country. 
well...cleveland needs him for *15-20 minutes a game* if plays like he did this [past year](http://www.nba.com/playerfile/shaquille_oneal/).
he'll have plenty of time, just like kobe.
no. no leb-raq please... ffs
has anyone realised that that spain didnt have a winning streak of 35 matches and that it was 35 matches undefeated? there are things called draws
this writer is a disgrace. he thinks bill russell only has 9 championships.
you have that backwards. the amount of scoring in the individual sport does not nearly matter as much as the length of the competition. every non-detroit-lions side can beat any other in a single game, but america wouldn’t defeat spain in a best of five. the netherlands can defeat england in twenty20 cricket, but wouldn’t stand a chance in a 50 over or, god forbid, test match (should the netherlands ever gain test status). 

that’s why single elimination is exciting — every game is game 7. on the flip-side it’s always possible for a lesser nation to eliminate a superior one. (see south korea v italy in ’02, italy v australia in ’06).

look at it this way: not many sports are higher scoring than basketball and yet the lakers lost a game to the kings, the cavaliers lost to the wizards. over the length of a season the better team wins. tournaments are exciting for that very reason. doesn’t matter if we’re playing association football and america defeats spain, or baseball and canada knocks out the usa. scoring doesn’t enter into it. 
shaq n stein
football!
i was trying to figure out if he just didn't consider two of the legitimate or something, but you're right - that's weird.
let's see, he played in 75 games last year, and in cleveland he and z will likely split minutes to keep them both fresh throughout the year.  i'm not worried.
maybe it would be more useful to compare international hockey and international soccer? i.e. switzerland (behind gerber's 50 saves or something) defeated canada in hockey not that long ago.
the yellow on donovan to begin the match was more egregious than the red on bradley. bradley deserved a yellow -- cleats to instep, no ball.
i'm not suggesting that shaq will return to his days of 30 &amp; 14, but last year, he averaged 18 &amp; 8 in 30 minutes. while he's certainly a big personality, which may end up being the biggest issue in cleveland, he's not just a name on the back of a jersey.
if nothing else, when shaq's career ends, it'll be interesting to hear his take on playing against and with the three greatest players (kobe, lebron, dwade) in the league today.
&gt;to lose against a team who's struggling in the concacaf world cup qualifiers

how exactly is the us struggling in qualification.  they are 2 points behind costa rica, 2nd place in the group.  
2008-10-15: trinidad and tobago 2-1 usa

2009-03-28: el salvador 2-2 usa

2009-06-03: costa rica 3-1 usa

not exactly flying through the second weakest confederation in the world.
&gt;everyone gets a fluke win now and then.

&gt;please don't get too giddy about this.

i don't get how you can say these two things and not feel like a retard.  what the hell else are you suppose to get giddy about, things that happen every day?  this is the perfect occasion to be giddy.

also, this was the semi-final of a semi-major fifa tournament, not some pointless fa cup match.  seriously though, who cares about the fa cup.  the top prem. sides play their reserve squads for most those games. 

&gt; it may not be as memorable as the us v. england in 1950 world cup

[per elo](http://www.eloratings.net/upsets.htm), a 56 point upset. again [per elo](http://www.eloratings.net/confederations_cup.html), yesterday's match was a 64 point upset, which puts it [behind](http://www.eloratings.net/usa.htm) usa's 1995 copa america 3-0 win vs. argentina (70).

incredibly usa is now #9 in elo, and spain has dropped behind brazil to lose their #1 spot. (if brazil is upset by south africa tonight then they probably fall behind spain again.)

eta: a win over brazil in the finals would probably push usa to #6 in the elo ratings.
http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8vcc4/usa_ends_1ranked_spains_winning_streak_at_35_and/c0akbtj
&gt; anyone 

philipjfry: http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8vcc4/usa_ends_1ranked_spains_winning_streak_at_35_and/c0ajybb

quel: http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8vcc4/usa_ends_1ranked_spains_winning_streak_at_35_and/c0ajyh5

lystrodom: http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8vcc4/usa_ends_1ranked_spains_winning_streak_at_35_and/c0ak4fa

also spain is no longer #1:

http://www.eloratings.net/world.html

(though if brazil loses to south africa, spain would likely reclaim #1.)
&gt;they are 2 points behind costa rica, 2nd place in the group.

edit:  they are one win away from being top in their group.  also, a few losses in qualifying doesn't mean you aren't a good team.  argentina got crushed by bolivia, who are not very good, and lost 2-0 to ecuador.  
isn't it currently the most played sport in us schools? the reason it is so popular in europe is because it can be played on the street with a ball that costs all of £2/€3. right now the people who grew up with us sports are the ones paying the bills. 25 years from now it will be the people who played football as a kid.
and the pittsburgh steelers currently rule that kingdom!

here we go!
welcome to cleveland, shaq!
yep. watching football can certainly get the adrenaline going. it only happens if you actually support one of the teams though.
in this case it is, because i have stated that the u.s. sports were once great things to behold.  they are all dumbed-down crap now.  especially the nba and the nfl.
i lose interest in a sport when there really is no such thing as a real upset. and as we have seen in baseball, you can still have teams like tampa go to the world series.  and right now the #1 payroll yankees are not hitting nor are they pitching well.  and when was the last time real won the cl?  when was the last time the yankees won the ws?
my favorite band is better than your favorite band
shaq is rapidly becoming slow, old, and busted. there's the excuse.
where in my post did i say the us was a major soccer power?

&gt;imbecile.

indeed.  you'll get that reading comprehension above a second grade level, just keep at.
i doubt it, whilst the spanish take their football seriously they are not violent thugs like the italians.
bullshit.  when a pedestrian is walking outside of a cross walk in the middle of the street the last thing anyone wants is for the car to slow down or stop.  that gets people killed. the pedestrian is in control of the situation, usually waiting for the car to pass, while walking directly towards the car.  you are just the type of douchebag who looks at the pedestrian and starts to slow down, thereby throwing off the pedestrian's timing and causing him to get by the car next to you.
i love that yanks hate on "soccer" whenever they are given the opportunity to do so, but once they win a game, all of a sudden the sport is important to them.
that game was a gift, we were trying to get you guys involved in the sport and knew the only way to do so was let you win a game.
you're a sad, strange little man.
continue being a snob who think his personal preference of sports to watch is the defining list and anyone who doesn't agree is wrong and not enlightened.

good luck finding a friend because i bet you are an awful person to be around.
lebronneal!
bo jackson ftw!
or relevant information and commentary.
lots of quality possession by spain in the second half. actually pretty much every possession brought them near or into the american area. but yeah, the us defense and the goalkeeper were pretty much perfect.
not true. i remember watching the amazing italy-germany semi (?)  in the last world cup and being absolutely riveted. i almost died in the penalties... and i hate both squads...


with the best of them?! uh, no. and i'm not trying to snark or be mean to the us squad - their win against spain is huge and well deserved, but it was a victory based on hard work, great defense and a bit of luck, not on the dazzling skills of their midfielders and forwards.

compare their skill players to any of the other top national squads, spain included (in fact, especially), and there is really no disputing my original statement. there's a reason why no americans are starring for the top (paying) european clubs. not enough skill. 

and no, fulham is not a top tier european club.
i am still pissed we were robbed of bo jacksons career
he is.  most great centers really decline after 30-32 (age).  shaq's gonna be 37.  they may play 11-12 hundred games in their careers.  shaq's already at 1,117.

to be fair, though, he's performing a lot better in his last 4 seasons than others did in their lasts.  still pulling down 8-9 boards, 1 or 2 blocks and scoring ~17 a game.  that's *not* scrub level.  no, he's not the shaq of '93-'94 when he was doing 13 rebounds, 3 blocks and 30 points a game.  but it's not the average human, either.

he and lebron will have a lot of fun playing together.  they won't be "sharing" the spotlight though.  shaq's just gonna "do work", to the extent that he can, and lebron's going to be driving the ship.
eharbor, inc.’s softball team closed out its regular season on wednesday, june 18 with a 6-4 record. that is the best record we have ever had. our record this season is quite good for an internet marketing company.
the best one i've seen yet is "witness protection program".
why don't the teams claim ownership of the psl?  i'm surprised they don't set up their own market clearinghouse so they get the profit off of the increases.
i don't know anything about baseball but i see the yankees won the ws in 2003, which is not too long ago.

about the cl, the last time real won it was 2002, but since then the champions are, in order: milan, porto, liverpool, barcelona, milan, man utd and barcelona again. if you go back to look at it from 1990 through today the only "low budget" teams that have won it were red star belgrade, marseille, ajax, borussia dortmund and porto. however, i don't know their history very well, so it is safe to assume they weren't low budget when they won those titles (porto had a good team and pretty expensive; borussia and ajax were probably the best at their respective countries at the time).

milan has 7 cl titles, real has 9, liverpool 5 and bayer munich 4. those are the top cl champions at their respective countries and it's 25 titles on 4 teams! and those 4 teams were runner ups a combined 12 times!

btw: talking about upset, the laker x magics final was pretty much an upset. not one i'd like to see (lakers x cavs would've been a better final), but still. and there's the warriors (8th seed) beating mavs (1st seed) not too long ago; also, the bulls almost beating the celtics this playoffs (which was a damn good series).
get a better job and realize that people can afford to go.

baby.
so your suggesting that football teams start buying their own seats in order to hold onto them and sell them later when the price increases?

south korea in 02 had totally bought the referees in both the italy and spain matches. it was one of the most blatant examples of corruption that i have ever seen. outside of the nba.
because then the nfl might be able to grab that cash.

psls are really just a way for the teams to get more money from season-ticket sales. nfl gets a chunk of each ticket sold (revenue sharing), so rather than let them have a larger piece of that by jacking up the price of the season tickets, the teams sell the right to get in line and buy a ticket, money which goes right into their pockets.
  no, i'm not suggesting anything.  i am asking why the nfl teams don't prohibit individuals from selling the psl (not the game tickets) to other individuals. 

  it seems that the teams could make a rule that the psls can only be returned to the team for a minimal price the team determines.  then the the team would resell the psl for the high market rate. 
if the teams controlled the sole right to buy and sell the psl, they could make even more money.  i'm asking why nfl teams, who suck up any and all loose money, don't control this market to their advantage?
i would imagine right to resell is part of the contract one signs when buying the psl.   it is part of the marketing behind it.
no one gives a shit about the confederations cup.  up until a few years ago when fifa made it mandatory to participate, teams would opt out of the tournament.  yes, of course the spanish newspapers are freaking out.  but they're trying to sell newspapers.  next you're going to tell me that obama is terrible because rush limbaugh and bill o'reilly said so.

it was good for american soccer to beat spain, but really, if this is the greatest upset, then you don't understand the game.  it's like winning the pre-season: who fucking cares?  beat spain at the world cup and then someone will be impressed.  the confederations cup is a bunch of overhyped friendlies and nothing more.
watch out for the gypsies in madrid, though!
shaq's teammates:

kobe: 1 mvp, 7 all nba 1st team, 1 finals mvp, 4 titles.

lebron: 1 mvp, 3 all nba 1st team

wade: 1 all nba 1st team, 1 finals mvp, 1 title

nash: 2 mvps, 3 all nba 1st team

stoudemire:  1 all nba 1st team

anfernee hardaway:  2 all nba 1st teams

shaq himself: 1 mvp, 8 all nba 1st teams, 3 finals mvps, 4 titles

dude has really played with some stellar teammates.
i am an avid football fan and an american, so i was incredibly excited about yesterday's game (it's not everyday that the usa plays a really good team) and even more blown away that we won!
however, that being said, i have my theories as to how/why:  a) spain had too much possession and didn't allow the usa to make any mistakes as we are prone to doing;  b) florentino perez (the new prez of real madrid) put money on the usa, and told his players to take a dive in order to help recoup money used in the phenomenally ridiculous transfers of kaka and ronaldo.
this line may not work unless your face appears on tv on a regular basis. 
fuck you.

cunt.
thanks for the link - the elo system is pretty cool i have to say. but the 1950 world cup squad was a bunch of part-timers who worked full-time jobs in addition to playing football and that adds another dimension to the upset. take joe gaetjens, known for being the diswasher turned hero. that's the stuff that makes the match extra special in my eyes and a formula just cannot account for it.
is there a film (or even book) which you could recommend to someone who was not yet born in 1950 and doesn't know much about it?
no.

poor scum.
thanks! another thing to consider is that elo weights the margin of victory as well as the rankings difference. so the usa winning 1-0 over england in 1950 (#40 rated vs. #2 rated) wouldn't have involved as many ratings points as if usa had won 2-0. (notice that sweden-belgium in 1924 involved the #21 rank swedes over the #8 rank belgians; not the hugest upset rank wise particularly because they were fairly close in ratings points, but the final score of 8-1 gives it the highest elo score i remember seeing: 95!)

checking out that 1950 match, england had 1997 ratings points vs. usa with 1545.
why don't cops get the same treatment?
wow! amazon's editor review does not like the film very much:

----

the writing-directing team of angelo pizzo and david anspaugh tries to do for soccer what their films hoosiers and rudy did for, respectively, basketball and football. here's another true story, a legendary upset in the early days of the world cup. in 1950, america hastily forms a team to play against the world. we center on a tight italian community in st. louis providing the bulk of the national team. we meet gq-ready stars led by goalie frank borgi (the phantom of the opera's gerald butler, deftly handling the duties). this brotherhood of players is unfortunately strapped to play off clichés and the movie never really engages us beyond the autumn-tinged scenery. a big part of the blame goes to the narrator telling us what we should be feeling (perhaps because we dumb americans don't know soccer, er, football, like the rest of the world). no fault in the performance of the narrator/journalist (played by patrick stewart as the elder, terry kinney as the younger) or the rest of the cast. perhaps the game is elusive to cinematic grandeur, (how many memorable soccer movies can you name?), but the movie is also tired and slow, something those earlier sports films were not. there's only a brief stirring when the earnest gino (louis mandylor) has a wedding-date conflict and as the most famous english player of the day, stanley mortenson (gavin rossdale), patronizes the americans in a public speech. perhaps the studio knew they had a cellar dweller; the film was barely released and retitled for home video echoing the moniker of the 1980 u.s. olympic hockey team. soccer kids will enjoy the film, but others better stick to geoffrey douglas's book, the game of their lives, the film's original title (and mistakenly left on the end credits). --doug thomas  

----

seems like a pretty impressive cast, pity it (apparently) turned out so poorly.
because they are trained to only use them in dangerous situations. like when 70 year old ladies refuse to sign speeding tickets.
or on kids who don't immediately obey their commands in middle schools
&gt;in 2007, berman said of the phrase and its popularity, "a lot of people are very mean-spirited, apparently... you’re talking about something that happened nine years ago, some people want to dump on a guy that’s been pretty nice to people for 27 years."[4]

so... he admitted that it's true? i don't see how it could be seen as mean spirited, it sounds like they are complimenting his lady gettin' skillz.
or on kids that *fall* off bridges and have broken bones. 
or for asking kerry a question
or for being pissed off and not speaking english at an airport.
wetting?
i dont get it, how is cancer like golf?
so 3 year old deadspin jokes are now reddit material?

eta: [there's even a whole sports-related snark site based on this tale.](http://withleather.uproxx.com/)

edit again: that link may be nsfw.
word. "you're with me, leather" is so old there's been a web site up name withleather.com for years.
who cares, just as long as everyone else is silent.
this was more than a deadspin joke, it is apparently factual, has spawned references from olbermann, inspired the name of a website, and has become it's own "internet phenomenon" (wiki) pop-culture meme. 

certainly this isn't the first "not new" pop meme that you've come across in your **2 months** on reddit, is it?
i find it rather disgusting that they only show images of kids playing soccer in the townships. yes that is part of south africa but there is so much more to soccer in south africa than just townships. this creates a really one-sided view.
i hope the entire state of ohio gets a free copy of "shaq fu" for genesis.
and it's official.  the nba made them change this year's 2nd rounder to one in either 2010 or 2011, but it's final.
pahhtroast? 
stop trying to rain on our parade
**best answer**
it always sounds like chris berman is out of breath when he talks.
i can't stand him. i'm already dreading hearing that bozo say "back..back..back...and gone" during the homerun derby a million times like we can't see what is happening ourselves.
go on... you have my full attention now.
aw. i was hoping she gave her the stone cold stunner, and on video.
major league baseball's outdated, misleading offset camera angle
the game against costa rica was a nightmare, we looked awful the whole time but the blowout shouldn't be just about how bad we played.  costa rica played very well and the pitch at saprissa was absolutely disgusting.  beasely was disgusting that game and has been generally a cancer to the usmnt for quite some time. i'm glad to see bb finally wised up during the confederations cup and has removed him from his starting role. 
i can't wait til the cavs win the title, then for the rest of lebron's career we get to hear "can lebron win without shaq?"
that's because he's fat and probably dying.
major league baseball's outdated, misleading offset camera angle
toughest game we had this tournament. damn, those guys have a tight defense...

i don't know about a chance, but this game shows how you can beat brazil. by the way, daniel alves is *the* man; should be a starter.
agreed.  please elaborate...
[maybe a little less now](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csx4y17vm2w)
major league baseball's outdated, misleading offset camera angle
i'm not sure his [wife](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0075740/bio) likes hearing about it, though.
not a good chance, but i said that about spain.

i just hope it is close. if it is another blow out, the world will go 'spain was a fluke' but if it is a close game 1-0 or even 2-0, the us has nothing to be shamed of.

of course, if the us wins expect riots.... in brazil!
whooooooooooooooop! --- chris berman, the only man who can hold a candle to donald trump's comb over! 
&gt;kathy alexinski (23 july 1983 - present) 2 children 

jesus, she's 25.  he _is_ smooth.
that should read (m. 23 july 1983 - present) the m. represents marriage. either that or kathy was shootin babies out her bajingo at age 3...
all that money and they dress like valets
also kazaam.
god damnit, i love kazaam.
i was just about to link to that site.
hot damn, i cannot wait to see this in action!
maple bat?

shaq is not going to change anything in cleveland.
over maicon? dunno about that...
upvoted for bajingo
how's that supposed to help?
akron is now.... shaqron?
in 2001 after bush ii, fellow dems whined about losing again. i told them that had chris berman been the candidate instead of piled high lady hair john kerry, that berman would've won in a landslide. white dudes would've voted for him and so would there wives. looking back, it wouldn't've been any bigger mistake. 
kiss my ass, seizure. love the guy. i would much rather listen to him than that nasally sounding vin scully. i never understood the love for that weird voice of his. 

back, back, back, rumblin', bumblin', stumblin. love the guy. iconic. he's a great ambassador for sports, and he's an ivy league history major! speaking of bozo, he would clown you. turn back to the shopping channel. 
ivy league history major?
your powers of persuasion amaze me jlks.
right, people would not pay as much for a psl that could not be passed on or sold.  
 
in fact, regular season tickets are essentially a non-transferable psl if you want to look at it that way.
why can't shaq just go away??? he's so terribly annoying
that's simple: should the cavs and the magic meet in the playoffs next year, coach brown will arrange for shaq to accidentally fall on dwight howard at some point during game one. seeing as shaq weighs about 1600 pounds, howard's pretty sure to be injured for the duration of the series. without howard, the magic are far more vulnerable, and the cavs likely win. shaq then pulls the same stunt on kobe when they meet the lakers in the finals.
oh no, he's here, i met him once.
greece and france are your reference points? greece fluked the euros and have done virtually nothing since (and did little before) and france were possibly the biggest under-achievers at last year's euros.

i'm not disputing that the us is a better team than a lot of people realize (or realized, pre-tuesday) but you really should have stopped a sentence short there.
nobody's saying you guys were lucky. stop being a bitch.
he gave an opinion and backed it up, so now you're upset. am i interpreting this correctly? you disagree with him, so instead of stating this disagreement in a civilized manner, you've decided to be an annoying 14-year-old douchebag? and you justify this by acting like he's forced his opinion on you because he *gasp, craps pants* **posted it on the internet!!??**

fuck you for making me side with a damn chelsea fan, you sonofabitch.
i can see that you're a dreamer.
i'm guessing you don't watch pre-season friendlies or youth team games then either? yes it's a relatively meaningless tournament, but don't act like the teams out there don't want to win. 

if you love the sport, you'll watch a good match, even if it's the wirral reserves vs the leeds over-47 women's team. 
anyone who seriously tries to argue that their favorite sport is better than someone else favorite sport is probably an awful person to be around.

simple.
it's called 'goalkeeping'. don't make me start calling shaq a centre-forward.
you fail the internet.
remember the riots the last time [insert american franchise] won [anything]? it'll be a lot like that.

except without the bloodshed.

or beatings.

or vandalism.

or the other stuff.
i don't know where to begin telling you what an idiot you are.
yes, they've under-achieved. what makes that such a remarkable thing is the caliber of players they've consistently developed. 
2 wins in a minor tournament and you're dominating the sport? how arrogant can you be?
based on your user name, you're an american wind-up artist. 
i can't decide which argument to go with:

(a) he's talking about how he no longer enjoys the other sports and what has caused it, what's wrong with that? how is he insulting anyone else? are you always this offended by people having an actual opinion? etc.

or

(b) talk about the irony of you not wanting to be around him.

please vote.
19 points + 50 bonus = 69 points
oh, please, nobody's saying that?  are you kidding me?  stop being a fag.
he didn't just state his opinion, he made a declarative statement saying soccer is better than other sports.  he went as far to say i am not enlightened because i do not agree.  

i vote for option (c) you not be able to read.
none of the people you're actually talking to right now. stop being an asshole.
i think he called you unenlightened because you were acting like an ignorant child. 

i'm done. go turn 15.
tell me, i'm curious.
i'll just start with the fact that spain as a country and as a league has among the best youth systems in the world, and that your "start training the best players from childhood" thing makes no sense. i might also add that the reason this was such a big upset is because spain are one of the best teams in the world, i hardly believe that this loss is going to result in too much soul-searching and a massive overhaul of the entire football-playing segment of the country. there's other things, but you're really not worth the time.
15 is about the age you claim your favorite sport is better than someone elses. 

maybe we can goto prom together, do you go gay?
*sigh*

it's a thread about why soccer is so awesome. he wrote a post about why he loves the sport, illustrating hos point by contrasting it with other sports which he enjoys less than he once did, pointing out some of the reasons. this is entirely relevant to the topic. he's not starting threads in the sports reddit or interrupting a baseball conversation to insult people, he's contributing to this thread. i don't know why this upsets you. 

now i actually am done with you. you go do what you want, i;m not going to force you to be reasonable.
no he said his favorite sport is better than every other sport in response to a silly joke i made.  he didn't say its just my opinion, he stated it as a fact.  how hard is it for you to understand?  

you are the only person not being reasonable defending someone who claims a person is not enlightened if they do not agree with his pick for best sport.  

best sport is not an argument you can be right about as it is a personal preference, he and i guess you do not see it this way.
there is a decades-old frustration in spain for not achieving great performances at world cups. that is a fact. people thought that curse would come to an end with this generation that won the euro cup.

i am not saying spain has no gifted football players. but at the lfp (professional league), all the teams try to seize the best football players from all over the world for key positions (forwards, creative midfielders). the recent transfer of cristiano ronaldo shows how it is only about the money. look at almost any top-level spanish clubs, and more than half of the team is foreign.

southamerican clubs are two orders of magnitude less worth (money) than any given spanish club, but their national teams always win championships and cups.

don't you really think it would be way better to promote young native players than waste a ridiculous amount of money for a single soccer player? that is a wide spread opinion right there on spain and in other countries.
are you kidding?  i love skip, but this trade is amazing for the magic.  one of their biggest problems is that the didn't have anyone who could just go out and create his own shot (no, turkoglu doesn't count).  their entire offense relied on a system.  

with carter, now they have someone who can just go create when the offense breaks down.

oh, and courtney lee is garbage.
so this is why david stern delayed the cavs/lakers finals by one year. this will be perfect. phil jackson will stay for one more season. shaq will say this season will be his last. lebron's last season with the cavs. 

game 7 in la. ten seconds left in the first overtime. cavs lead by one. lebron's guarding kobe. 5 seconds. james slips ever so slightly, leaving kobe open. he takes the shot - *swat* - shaq lands poorly on his left ankle after he comes out of nowhere for his tenth block of the game. 

less than a second remaing, laker's ball. it's inbounded. the shot is taken. time slows to a halt as all the eyes around the world watch it's flight.

the nba - where amazing happens.
if shaq falls on kobe in the right way he might be able to tell him how his ass tastes.
lol

but seriously this was a 66 win team.

it has lost nothing, ben wallace was hurt half the year and when he was on the floor most of the time you didn't even notice.

sasha pavlovic averaged 4.6 points and played only one game in the ecf.

so.

we added shaq to a 66 win team without giving up **anything** in return.  that is how he helps.
like you?
the best part about this? the even awesomer pre-game shenanigans.
i'm always amazed by the fact that sports are only limited to baseball, football and basketball.
[shaqtastic](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfg0--gbjvi)
oh man, if only watching basketball weren't so boring!
i wouldn't describe vince as a guy who can reliably create good shots at will, anymore. if this were a few seasons ago, this would have been a great trade for the magic. as it is, i think it's asking way too much of vincanity.
problem is, ecclestone still stays. that motherfucker sucks up well over half of the money for himself just because he owns a name, then designates who's to win and manipulates the rules in every year's hero's favour.

mosley, the fia and ecclestone are all the cancer that is killing the competition. it's a shame to see the fota stays with the cancer. they should have told them all to fuck off.
rj sucks.  they didn't one up any body.
where did you get so many q's?
&gt;and he's an ivy league history major!

just remember that george w. bush hold two degrees from ivy league schools the next time you want to pull this line out of your arsenal. 
&gt; you’re talking about something that happened nine years ago, some people want to dump on a guy that’s been pretty nice to people for 27 years.

what the hell was he doing for the other 25 years of his life at that point? being a raging shithead? 
what about that annoying "whoop!" during football highlights?  ***shudder***
ugh - is our soccer team really that desperate...? since when has the confederation cup actually mattered that much to anyone except the us? we only got to the semi-finals because we beat egypt (and got crushed by italy and brazil). this is just a fluke - wait for the world cup to come around again to find out...lets remember the last world cup, team usa only scored 2 goals, and one of them was an own goal scored by the other team. 

i guess it's nice for team usa to make some positive headlines here, but the truth is, no one outside of the us is making this tournament out to be a big deal at all. 
yes!
yeah. his brilliance only seems to come in short spurts now. good for a highlight reel but not so good for consistent victories. courtney lee gets better every day. he will become a star and the magic will regret letting him go.

the magic system of going to howard and finding the open 3 pointer if he's double-teamed worked beautifully this year. they couldn't maintain it during the finals but that's to be expected on a team's first trip. 
skip is a starter. with nelson healthy he wouldn't play.
i like how the first announcer gives less than no shits about the girl.

"ya i hope the girls okay too"

".....ya..."
i love the look on her face "why hello there."
wow did he ever hit that, i wouldn't but he sure did.
wait a minute, the parent implied the u.s.a didn't deserve the credit they got for beating the greatest football club in the world.  what the fuck are you talking about?  stop being a twit.
which country in europe has a socialist government? you appear to be confusing the terms "socialist" and "social democrat". while they appear similar, they are in fact quite different.
that's stupid. hence, you are stupid.
i meant socialist with a small "s".

anyway, this thread is about football not politics. reddit had become so pedantic lately, it's hardly worth making light comments like mine at all.

if it makes you feel better then you are right. most european countries are social democracies. i'm not sure that it makes much difference to my point about sports though.
that was incredibly exciting
the best part was after llodra retired and haas played some tennis with the ball girls.
it's cute that her job is to blend in as much as possible and not draw any attention. even when he picked her up and gave her a hug, she was trying not to make a scene. too cute.
she just had a surprise jimmy johnson in her ear. i think she was wonder if they were married now.
the comments are great, classic youtube: "it's not funny if she died." is that it's own meme? if not, it should be. funny shit.
try not advertising on reddit for a shitty trend.
most draft picks fail to pan out.  with two, there's a better chance they'll actually end up with an nba-caliber point guard.
mosley...f'in mosley, i cannot wait for october when that pompous fascist steps down.
&gt;pause at 1:12 just before it ends ,﻿ looks like she is reaching back feeling for his cock whilst he is holding on the umpires chair jizzing in his pants

you stay classy, youtube.com
the video's here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg3wlosebw0
login required just to see the page.  :/
cool site!
1. spain is not a football club.

2. i'm bored with you. go be angry if that's what you feel the need to do. some people would be enjoying their win right now. 
much better video:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frx5i8wdiui
two words: shit head
i can't decide what is dumber: ochocinco or anyone that would follow him on twitter.
youtube comment

&gt; they are a﻿ computer simulation 

lol
max needs a little relaxation time with his bevy of nazi hookers.
sorry you lost me right after facebook
i find burke to be rather pompous and over rated. his first real test is this draft.  i'l be bold and predict the leafs will be mediocre again this year and sell out every home game. 
hehehe... ballgirl...
llordra uses her as leverage as he stands back up.
there is a meme that is emerging from youtube, it's kind of my favorite one right now.  if you see any video where someone gets hurt or even remotely has some kind of pain inflicted you ask:

"is she died?"

or 

"is he died?"

i don't know why its so funny, but it is.
is she died?
that was sweet the way he hugged her.
that was awesome.  great that the crowd got so into it.
he was on top of her left leg which was at an odd angle.  best to steady them both rather than just put his weigh on her thigh.
i'm downvoting this simply because it's that stupid and he's that dumb...
still better than the current diamondbacks uniforms.
maybe the dumbfuck will change his name to nueveonce
he *is* a fucking moron.
i like the article, but the major reason why most teams have cameras offset is because having them dead center might interfere with the hitters eye.  sun might cause a reflection that could disrupt a hitter, and mlb has even had problems in the past with teams using the red "recording" light on center field cameras to tell home team batters when the opposing catcher calls for an off-speed pitch.

as long as the umpire gets it right, i'm happy.
it's better aesthetically to place it off-center.  the dead-on shot is irritating. you get no perception or feel of the distance between the batter and the pitcher.  it's an awful, uncomfortable shot.  ask any cinematographer and he will tell you the same thing. 

and let the ump decide what's a ball and what's a strike, please, mr. pedant salon writer.
the red light is called a tally light and it can be overridden (shut off) by the cameraman. 
i totally thought you meant that as a euphemism until i watched the video. 
i'd like to see a full game with the centered camera angle, but the videos and the article make a pretty compelling point.
"moran"
now i want to be a ballboy now... 
that's the lamest excuse ever. i can imagine the gm justifying this "listen, we uh, didn't have much time to do any scouting so, we kinda picked these two guys, yeah they are both pgs...yeah, *pure* pgs, but just to be on the safe side, you know".

imagine this on another draft "yeah, lets pick chris paul *and* derron williams. doesn't matter if they are the most qualified pgs in the draft! we got to be **sure**!"

if you wanna make sense, here it is: the gm sucks!
he is a *fucking* moron.
they should put a camera in the homeplate umps facemask.
ya well his tweets or lack of sensitivity, isn't going to affect your fp total...

don't even hesitate to draft him as usual this year...he will be a beast between the twenties...but td's might be at a premium.
"who's more foolish--the fool, or the fool who follows him?"

-obi-wan kenobi
ugh.  wide receivers...can't win with 'em, can't win without 'em.
the more obvious reason is because baseball depends the most heavily on umpire judgment. it can't allow too much criticism of balls and strike calls that would obviously occur if a dead-center view was given. do you know how much shit the nba takes for foul calls. can you imagine baseball? every fucking game would be a debate.
the off-center shot also makes me feel much more like i am there.  the straight view is too high of an angle and many stadiums don't have center field seats, so it is hard to get into the game as if you were there.

i do like having the shot available for replays, but it is not necessary. 

also, if it becomes possible to clearly tell balls and strikes on camera, they will very soon start clamoring for replay reviews on balls and strikes.  baseball is my first love but i will leave her for another sport if this happens.
yep, keep it off center. the reasoning for the dead on angle is kind of lame. it would be like putting the camera for nfl games on the sideline, field level, so the fans at home can make sure the spot is correct. i'd rather have the angle be both aesthetically pleasing and capture the game as a whole, rather than focus on just one aspect of the game that i, obviously, have no control over.
or in the ball
better headline: "amar'e condemned to obscurity"
awkward moment in tennis #45: crashing into, and getting tangled up with, a ball girl half your age.
as a twins fan, i like the center field shot, even if there is the "wasted space", as i see the strikes and balls called.  it was always distracting for me to watch the offset camera and see what i thought was a strike down the middle called a ball etc. i really like seeing a curveball's actual curve instead of a distorted view.

edit: whoops about the team name.
as a *twins* fan, you should know that the team is plural (twins), not possessive (twin's).

i agree about the center view. i think it's much better.
slate, not salon.

and clearly the traditional offset shot was designed by a tv production person, not a sports person.  filling a rectangular screen with a side by side composition is just common sense.
crotch is a less misleading.
and now she's pregnant.
as someone from one of the colonies, cricket is the equivalent game, where the camera is for all intents and purposes, looking straight down the pitch. makes seeing movement on the ball etc far easier. i'm surprised baseball continues to have this offset angle.
i don't watch baseball, cuz i haz a brain, but didn't they used to have a camera directly overhead, looking straight down at home plate? that plus a camera (two, for left and right handed hitters) looking dead on from the side, would give a much better indication of how blind the umpires are.

i remember watching, and from the overhead cam, the ball would be a good 6 or more inches off the plate, and ol tim would calmly say "caught the corner", and i'd be "yeah, baseball is one more religion that i'll never get. click".
why does everything have to be a conspiracy?  
not really. baseball umpires are actually [pretty damn awesome](http://www.hardballtimes.com/main/article/that-was-a-strike/).
oh god that would be terrible. i never thought motion sickness and baseball would ever coincide. 
i like this. my ideal screen composition would be a screen split in three parts.

* the left half would have the pitcher/batter center shot
* the top right would have the score and stats
* the bottom right would either show a baserunner or a shot of the whole field

on a 22" standard definition tv this would be a nightmare. but on a modern high definition tv, i think it would be pretty awesome.
sign up through your affiliate link with no other information? no thanks
what if the straight-on cam were raised up a bit to make it so the pitcher's not obscuring the shot. it seems like you could get a pretty good shot with the right type of zooming. 

(this would be a good place for a cinematographer to help explain it.)
what they need to do is combine the two for a 3d effect
the problem with angel hernandez isn't his ball and strike calls, it's his constantly missing calls at bases which has been glaringly bad for many years now. 
show me the data.
way to reinforce the "retarded american" stereotype.
all south american teams always win championships and cups? what a wild exaggeration!  narrow that down to just three countries, argentina, brazil and uruguay, and you are not talking out of your ass. there are quite a few more than three south american countries, by the way. 

and spain's frustration at not winning a world cup (a frustration shared by all but a handful of nations) has little to do with your original statement. spain does train their best footballers from a very young age and are currently the number one side in the world. one loss to the us in the confederations cup is not going to devastate the national psyche. as far as real madrid's spending spree on 2 foreign players, i'd keep that separate from discussions of the national side and remind you that binge spending by top clubs on foreign players also happens happens in the england, italy, and (to a lesser degree) germany (all wc winners). anyway, those clubs are businesses, not training camps for the national sides so they will pay for the best international players every time.

un saludo de españa.
outdated is the fact that we can't choose. 
&gt;a camera directly overhead

in the field of play? no.
interesting point. this was maybe 15 or 20 years ago, and it definitely happened the way i described it. maybe a domed stadium?

i found it very idiotic, cuz every other sport would use instant replay and say that the official blew the call. but they would show this, or a runner clearly being thrown out, and say "tie goes to the runner", or some other bullshit, like the league or the pope insisted that baseball officials never made a bad call. maybe times have changed. 
close, but she violated the rule requiring perky nips in at least one shot. 
it is ugly american. get your terms right.            
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ugly_american

my comment was meant to be taken with a less than serious tone.  note the "america, fuck yeah!!" in all caps. [team america world police](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/team_america_world_police) was making fun of us jingoism with the song.  i referenced the song because it would be more obvious (humor) than "usa usa usa".  also, the flippant dismissal of the sport soccer is a clue for readers.  

tl;dr whoosh
it's absolutely a privilege.  and yes i do get randomly drug tested.  and suspension without pay and termination are punishments.  this is policy for many cities and corporations. 
bernie isnt as powerful as he once was, for starters he now works for the commercial rights holder cvc and his mate mosley is now seen as a liability after fota's coup.
had to be in the dome structure. awful things, there's none within a thousand miles of here.
put one in the pitcher's mound.  it makes so much sense.  i've wondered for years why they don't do this.
cricket sucks!  baseball rules!  go usa!!!!!!
true, for all the complaints about the tracking systems before they were installed what they've really done, at least for me, is show what an accurate job the umpire's have been doing.  they show the pitch tracker after just about every pitch on the rangers' broadcasts and i've been surprised at just how good a job they do
i think fox used to put cameras on the catcher's mask for replays..  i don't think it got the best feedback.
kudos for linking to the single-page version.
uh-ahhhh!
upvoted for always sunny... reference.
you want hypocrisy? you get hypocrisy when piniella is sending people home for tantrums.
oh those red sox do everything right
yes, positional players do get days off but not to the degree of starters and relievers. plus, pitchers only put a strain on their arm. positional players put a strain on their whole body - from running to swinging a bat to crashing into a wall or getting hit by a pitch. a perfect is example is when there is going to be a fight. the entire team protects the pitcher. and the other day when beckett was yelling at the ump, varitek interrupted and got himself thrown out instead. the rarity of a good pitcher makes them the favorites.
yea...that's something they should try...........................

i had a hard time deciding how many dots best represened how long i was dragging that sentence out.
that is exactly what the mlb is thinking but it's fucking wrong. they're so afraid people might start trying to change "the integrity of the game" with technology but give me a break.

that will never happen even if they do change the angle. i like it better on top because then i can see the balls and strikes. even if it's technically 'off' the plate i still respect the right of the ump, and i think most baseball fans would as well.
i really like it too. the a's tried this a few years ago for one or 2 games and people got so pissed off about the "change" that they deemed it a failure. i, however, very much enjoyed watching the breaks in the ball.

at the beginning of the year, fox sports west tried some cool stuff for hockey games like putting the camera behind the goalie so you could see plays set up better. it wasn't all that polished but i think they could really enhance watching hockey at home.

anyone remember like 10 years ago when fox had games and they had the blue circle so you could follow the puck better / the red streak when it was shot? that was awesome. i wish they still did that.
master of the sun. 
because wake up sheeple
he was one of those managers where you wondered if it were possible for a guy to have a stroke while beefing with the umps on the playing field.  

john madden was another.
2007, still a crazy accident.  he's alive
i worked in an "urban" liquor store for a couple of years.   lou pinella is 2 day's worth of beard away from passing for a full-blown wino.

lookin' good, lou!
i think the better analogy would be a north/south shot from the end zone so that you can see the holes the offensive line is making for the running back to run through.

this article concentrates on balls and strikes, but the pitcher making pitches is what baseball is all about.

it's a better angle to see what's actually happening in the sport, but it isn't quite as cinematic as the default camera angle.
whaaaat? no oriole park at camden yards which singlehandedly started the trend of retro stadiums (which make up at least 1/4 of the current stadiums)?? fail.
why is there a countdown when #1 ends up being honorable mentions?
keep clicking.  the honorable mentions come before #1.
[read above](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8w9mn/the_10_stadiums_that_changed_baseball/c0amldk).  keep clicking.
camden yards represent!
my favorite ballpark of all time. i'm from baltimore so i'm kinda biased.
champion of the sun

uhh ahhahh

master of karate and friendship…for everyone
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kauffman_stadium


any mirror that doesn't require me to unblock ad.doubleclick.net to watch?
it's a difference between british and american english.

my grammar is fine where i come from.
this has to be the first ever bunt home run.
the videos are frustrating, why freeze the frame and add a yellow circle around the ball when it is halfway to home plate?
wow, that's embarrassing.

not quite the first:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elv6tikdkva
yeah but that one has an apathy (read: programming) error from the first baseman =p
it looks like you got it just right. ;)
oh, sidney.  is there any trouble you *can't* get into?
in before steroids.
mlb wields the dmca like a battle axe, so probably not.

this roughly approximates the effect, though:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shhyixzfprm
austin daye : man of mystery
i would listen to him...
it's not even a home run.
i really enjoyed what i could see out of that match.  but they kept switching the coverage back to venus williams when everything was live, bleh.
isn't every bunt an 'in the park' bunt?
&gt;i still respect the right of the ump, and i think most baseball fans would as well.

unless it is their team getting the bad call.  then, all of the sudden, the "right of the ump" goes out the window.

  if you respect the "the right of the ump" then why do you need to see the balls and strikes for yourself?  

one of the beautiful things about baseball is that the strike zone is never the same from umpire to umpire.  human error is a bigger part of baseball than any other sport and that is one of the many reasons why it is my favorite sport ((also, the cheating.  any game that has cheating as an integral part of the game is my kind of game.  (i'm talking about pine-tar and spit, not steroids and hgh))).

i just can't help but feel that any fan that wants to know 100% for sure whether a pitch was a strike is not a real baseball fan.
i don't know if you're being clever, but in baseball parlance, "in-the-park" always refers to a homerun that was achieved without the ball going over the fence.  
speed kills.  my god that man can move.  i bet any other player on that team wouldn't have scared the fielders as much, and spooked them into making those errors, and thus would have been out at 1st or at least third.
hmmm, not sure. it's generally an "inside the park homerun", not just "in the park". i mean, theoretically you could have an inside the park double or the such.
i know some untouchable guys have gone down, but if pujols gets caught with roids, or its revealed that he did use, then i think people just need to stop watching baseball. i don't think it will happen though.

it's like him, griffey and jim thome are the only guys left standing. i mean, take out the guys who have taken or have been suspected of taking roids, and thome is 8 and griffey is 4 on the all time list. 
it's not a home run it's, at most, a single and 3 base error. 
plays fine for me with adblock
i hope his acl explodes.
poorly navigated slideshow. they probably lost a lot more readers who didn't complain.

that said, camden yards deserves its first place ranking. it's amusing to recall that a naming controversy existed before its opening. orioles ownership wanted to call it oriole park, and the city and most fans wanted it called camden yards. but never was there a thought of corporate sponsorship.
pound-for-pound, the greatest running back ever.  set records that took years to be broken, despite playing only 9 seasons in a 12-game schedule.

also helped richard pryor with his coke habit at one point.

a man of few words, he let his actions do the talking.
the scariest thing about ronaldo is that he can get a lot better.  as his vision and decision making develop i expect him to be one of the top players ever.  
the crowd's reaction is priceless.  just pure disgust.
&gt; he can get away with teaching kids to play golf, and that's his contribution. in the real world, i can't teach kids to play golf and that's my contribution, if i've got that kind of power.

the tiger woods learning center is also a big deal in teaching kids math, science, reading, community outreach, and in preparing them for college.  the tiger woods foundation also provides some university scholarship and help for hospitals.

jim brown does great work, but so does tiger - and brown has the advantage of being retired from his primary employment.  tiger still has his job going.

(edit:  removed an intro line that turned out to be my mistake.)
i may have misread, but i took that to be a quote from jim brown uttered on real sports which airs on hbo.  i don't see how fox sports can take any blame for that one.
i don't know the people and stories well enough to know if this article is fair, but i love how straightforward it is.  chad johnson ...er ochocinco is definitely an ass clown.
you're right;  i read too quickly and jumped on the quote.  everything except my first line still stands.  let me edit it so it doesn't confuse anyone else.
i agree. it would crush baseball if pujols got caught using steroids. first mcgwire and sosa, then barry, and now manny and a-rod. after a-rod got caught, he became the player to steal back the records for the clean players.
i am from st. louis, and the last time i was at home for my birthday (in august), i went to a game at the old busch stadium with my mom and two sisters.

i stood for the national anthem, but sat down for "god bless america" as it seemed so superfluous, silly, wrong.

all game long, even between innings, the redneck who sat directly behind me insisted on doing that loud whistle where you stick fingers in your mouth (preferably scented with cheap beer).

i asked him what his problem was and he asked me if i wanted to fight, to which i said, no, i did not want to fight.

he stormed off up the aisle and out of view.  

his wife (?), in undersized walmart-quality team apparel, decided to attack me in his stead.

"well at least randy stood for god bless america, you athiest!" she yelled at me.

i ordered a hotdog, ignored her, and after a while she was gone, too.

st. louis and god bless america...definitely something happening there.
billy mays here!
wasn't he boyz w/maurice clarett?
[link to more details](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/2009/06/28/2009-06-28_tv_pitchman_billy_mays_found_dead_in_florida_home.html)

it is true.
now we know that after six months of plotting that [erikcanfield](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/7jfpp/how_can_we_get_rid_of_billy_mays/) killed billy mays.
&gt;became one of only four players in major league history with a career batting average of .330 or higher [.332] and fewer than 500 strikeouts [480] at the time of their 300th home run. ted williams, stan musial, and joe dimaggio were the others.

that's good company.
omfg! this is sure to piss off cub fans!  

go white sox!
he's easily the best player of our generation.
juan pablo montoya was kicked out of f1 because he was deemed a danger. a connection at mclaren told me this.

he was probably going to kill somebody if they had not acted.

it was senna that got me hooked on f1.  his drive in monaco in 1988.  yes i know - he made a mistake at portier and crashed out, but he almost lapped the field.  

greatest driver ever-- until the tragic changing of the guard in 1994, when michael came along. i was fortunate to talk with schumacher a few weeks after imola and he said "i hope i can live up to that standard."  he did not disappoint.  he surpassed it.

i don't go to a lot of races anymore, but f1 is still the greatest racing series (by far) on the planet. lemans is one of the greatest yearly events.  but f1 is still really "the show", despite all of the current problems..

 u 2:3 b  final   
well at least we made them work for it.    good job usa.
fitting user name for a sox fan.
woooooooo!
can anyone explain to me what exactly the context is for these games? do they feed into the world cup qualifying tournaments or are they a part of it or is this something else entirely? thanks!
any place to watch a stream online?
it's meant as a preliminary tournament to the world cup. it gives the host country an opportunity to test their infrastructure before the real tournament. the eight teams who enter are the host country (this time south africa), the current world champions (italy) and the various continental champions (currently brazil, egypt, spain, usa, new zealand and iraq).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederations_cup
i'm a big fan of wife-beaters too. 
so, preseason? 

edit: and thank you.
why do soccer fans sound like angry bees?
but there is no season.
now 2-1
i turned it on right as it came back from halftime and wham!

my dad always complains about no one ever scoring in soccer, but i'm glad this is shaping up to be a fun game to watch.
i would have been okay with it if no one scored in the second half.
the south african fans have these little horns that they constantly blow throughout a match. all crowds sound different. the english sing, the germans have oom-pah bands, the italians chant racist abuse, etc..
kinda. except a "season" in world cup terms is four years. :)
what's the country that builds bonfires? that is awesome.
now 2-2
i hate the american commentators...they must take private lessons from john madden or something.
especially now.
3-2 brazil...
thank you. why the downmod though?
you fucking jynxed it!!!!
it turns out that brazil is really good at soccer.
now 2-3. still a great scoreline for usa.
my dad jinxed it. he watched the first half and had to leave for some reason.
i hate those stupid bees.
it was actually a pretty good game. i enjoyed it.
if i wanted a comeback, i'd wipe it off your mom's face.
if you exclude the irritating vuvuzelas, do you think sa will be able to host the 2010 cup successfully? i would like to hear your opinions!
loses.
bradley's subs were awful and he didn't adjust tactically at all. credit to brazil - you knew it was just a matter of time after their first goal. sad because this was a golden chance for us...
man, they just had a total breakdown in the second half... it was hard to watch, you could feel it coming.
i missed the first half, and when i saw they were two up i couldn't believe it. then after one minute into the second half i knew it was over. it's a shame, but at least they got that far.
&gt;at least they got that far

i believe that is the wrong attitude. we need to expect winning. i honestly think we should fire the coach. we were up 2-0 and couldn't close the deal.
it's better this way. keeps the us hungry for the real deal, the world cup.
any hardcore flopping in this tournament? the last world cup certainly kicked sportsmanship in the balls.
i disagree, the difference between first and second half wasn't the us getting worse or breaking down. it was brazil stepping up.
it's not a "soccer" fan thing, its a south african thing...

it's the dreaded vuvuzela... everyone except the south africans hate it and want it banned.
bradley really did lose this game for the us with some dreadful managing. you knew brazil were going to come out strong in the 2nd half. you knew once they scored their first goal, they were going to be pushing that much harder for a second. on the winning goal, the us has no defender on the far post. you stick somebody on that post, and the us is heading to extra time. this is why you put fucking players on the posts!

sending klejstian on for altidore when the game is 2-all has to be one of the worst moves i've seen in my life. it was that bad. klejstian came on and turned the ball over 3-4 times straight away. altidore wasn't having the best game, but you don't sub on a mediocre defensive midfielder for your best striker in this situation.

i'm absolutely gutted right now.
just highway robbery against the us in terms of unfair red cards.
from a fan point of view i think the vuvuzelas should stay. it's the european well behaved demeanor that is against it. south americans, for instance, had those things back in the mid 1990s and we still have a lot of things that fifa would consider unworthy of a football stadium (horns, multi-colored flags, paper strips, etc). i say let people support their teams their won way.

however, players don't like, so they should have a voice in this.

other than that, i think it was well organized. the south african people is obviously into it. i didn't hear anything negative on tv about the way foreigners were treated.

the stadiums look sharp (there were too many empty seats though). but i think the fields must be redone, the grass looks awful.
sending klesjtan on at all is a dreadful move.

but he was committed at that point.  as was bornstein.  they had both handed in their cards to the 4th official.  no going back at that point.
there's a big difference between me 'losing' my dog and 'loosing' my dog.  on people who make this mistake.
that and the us getting tired. when you're chasing the ball, you're the one doing the physical effort.
bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

is all i can think of.

* the pitches were bad.
* still big questions about security/crime/infrastructure.
* the vuvzelas destroy the atmosphere, they have to and probably will be banned.

especially the crime has to be dealt with, egypt got robbed (i think i heard about other incidents as well, such as expensive tv equipment stolen)
rigged
for what it's worth, as a casual us soccer fan, it's nice to know there are other us fans who are more devastated than me.
no, just the standard flopping. though if you issued yellowcards for diving or other unsportsmanlike behavior, it might slow down some.
sour grapes.  grow up.
 yeah, but we got a break when kaka's header was not ruled a goal
what is it with 20-somethings and their failure to correctly spell the word "lose"?
also, because the yankees crush the mets every time they meet. i'm a mets fan, and i don't think i could show up this weekend.
disagree.

if we win this game then we would almost certainly be in the #1 pot for the world cup draw. now, if we don't have a good qualifying run, (we *aren't* in first place in our group **and** we have to go to azteca aug 12) we might very well be in pot 2 or even 3. then we'll be in a group with two big teams and we'll be guppies.
again.
wrong subreddit

but i can't dowmod it becuse i have done similar things
for three halves of football the us beat or was beating the two best sides in the world. then it all came crashing down in a 45 minute beat down/reality check. 

the us squad has nothing to be ashamed about, they pretty much played as well as they can. brazil is just more skilled (and spain for that matter). but this is a tournament that the us can build on big time. i expect the us to continue to mature into the sport, which is good news for football/soccer.
i disagree. i think the strength of this squad was how organized it was all over the pitch, but especially on defense. that kind of discipline comes from a great manager. true it came apart at the seams in the second half, but it had more to do with brazil's blistering attack than anything else. some managers are great with the xs and os others with preparation.
yeah, but the second goal was a thing of beauty. anyway, no need to be bitter that the us is becoming a better footballing nation; in the long run it will be good for the sport.
not "bitter" as you bitterly put it.  just reminding people that the us is not as good as you think they are.
very harsh on the us coach.

brazil have lots of good players and the us have lots of average players. yet the game was very close. i would give credit to the coach for that. the reason the us eventually lost is because physically they couldn't play like they did in the first half for the full 90 mins.
that's pretty much it.

it was hard work for the us chasing the ball all the time. once you get tired everything suffers. your touch on the ball, passing and decision making are all affected when you are gasping for oxygen.
your assumption that us fans think our team is better than it is is directly contradicted by the knowledgeable posts made by us fans in this thread.  

go flame elsewhere, tool.  

and mexico sucks, fyi.  have fun not competing the wc next year.
yeah, when i saw this late last night i almost cried. he was the hero! i can't dislike him, even if he somehow causes the end of our season.
it's a preseason for the host country as the post above said.  but really, for the teams involved, no one cares too much.  especially italy this year.  they just didn't give a fuck.  it's at the end of the season and really, means nothing.  quick, who won the last confederations cup and in what year?  if you had to look it up, you proved my point.
but if we win then we would have a target on our head and i think we're going to be a 1 or 2 team regardless now. besides the us tends to do better as underdogs... case in point this tourney.
60 minutes and the washington post reveal how online poker players suspecting cheating were forced to successfully ferret out the cheaters themselves. that's because managers of the mostly-unregulated $18 billion internet gambling industry failed to respond to their complaints. steve kroft and the washington post's gilbert gaul report. ira rosen is the producer.
we failed to post a winning record in 2002 world cup (2-2-1).  we failed to post a winning record in 2009 confed. cup (2-3).  you can't expect to win tournaments packing it in and scoring against the run of play.  
congrats to usa, a tournament to be proud of. they look like a talentless but solid team who can win fighting and defending like greece did in euro 2004. eliminated italy, defeated spain, and almost took down brazil too. that's an amazing run.

the important thing is if tomorrow people talks about the game in the office, and if the young athletes begin to like soccer instead of the other sports.
i *knew* someone would have already pointed it out, but i had to click through just to be sure.
we only got out of the group stage because brazil beat italy 3-0. if italy scores a goal, or brazil only scores 2 then we don't go anywhere. 
being underrated is overrated
hacks
&gt; people hate reality, as i see from all of the downvotes.

nope, just your snide version of it. learn to write in a friendlier tone. 
and it all comes back to reality, the states are just another mediocre country
turkey
points?
why yes...

yes i do.
hacks?
brazil had a second grade team in that comp
fun game to watch, brasil just pulled through hard in the 2nd half and was impressive. 
seems like you can do anything against the dbacks these days
her move to nascar seems inevitable.  the payoff for both her and nascar is much too big for this not to happen.  it will be interesting to see, that is for sure.  i would not be too confident of her having any appreciable success in nascar though.  the history of success of open wheel drivers moving to nascar is spotty at best.
actually, that should've been 4-2, because kaká scored a gol, replay showed it quite well ball was about a foot in.
bill is actually funny unlike this column...
robinho sucks. he's a fucking egomaniac. either he feels like playing or he acts like the whole thing's got nothing to do with him. kaká, on the contrary, is rock-solid reliable. no wonder real madrid signed him.
you should losen up.
usa actually did pre-tty good, considering how much football is neglected in the states (i mean, taking out spain?).
he sucks.
...in waves and waves of attacks. scored 4 gols, not 3. referee sucked.
now, why would anyone want to fire a coach that got the us team to a final with brazil?
give me a break, its not like he said this in a derogatory manner, they were asking him about being in such good shape.  

if everybody wasn't so damn sensitive these days, they could read something like this for what it is, in my mind a backhanded compliment, instead of immediately getting pissy when a white guy says the word 'black' in an interview
wow!

what a misleading headline!!!
man, with all the money the us has...it could have fucking awsome top-notch teams. 

that is, if only us sports-lovers got to loving the beautiful game. i mean, football has thrilling moments caused by total randomness that very few sports have. 

not to mention that it's a world event that brings people together like nothing else.
the calgary trade made nothing but sense, all they gave up was:
a) a player who told them last week that he wasn't going to sign in calgary for this year
b) a 3rd round pick that they got from new jersey for trading down 3 spots in the first round, after which they still got the player they wanted anyway (tim erixon's name was sewn onto the calgary draft jersey, fairly solid indication thats exactly who they wanted)

so really, when you break it down, calgary essentially got jay bouwmeester for nothing...  still think it made "little sense"?
talentless? why do people persist with this tired cliche about the us team.. it's just not true.  did you even see the goals?  if they weren't the result of talent, then what the fuck is?  sure we don't have great flying wingbacks like alves, but neither do a lot of teams.  dempsey, donovan, altidore, bradley, feilhaber, howard, spector.. all of them have fucking talent dude.
gosh, i just went to wikipedia. look at the map...the us is officially the world's soccer-hater number 1. in fact, there's only, like 3. the other ones being canadians (a kind of us colony) and australians (live in a huge island).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_(soccer)

ps: just kidding, everyone. ;-)
donovan's goal was a thing of beauty.
&gt;we were up 2-0 and couldn't close the deal.

but i repeat myself. 

his job (and the team's) is to win those games. i also believe there should be some team changes.
dammit flyers, have you learned nothing from the roenick era?  or the catastrophe that was eric lindros?  trade your future for some over the hill has been....
must be in tribute to jacoby elsbury
ouch
am i the only one that the video doesn't work for?  i tried chrome, firefox, and even ie, but no good.
i'm surprised he can run that fast with those big ol' balls of his.  
usa played fucking good, if not for my identity crisis and the fact that i grew up loving mexican *futbol*, and the fact that us soccer sentiment sucks, i would root for this team a lot more.  but they do have some serious talent.  

except for donovan, ugh get rid of the douche already.
australians have aussie rules football, think of a mix between rugby and elbows to the face.  its a fun sport, but more of an anarchist riot rather than anything remotely making sense.  

this map really shows you why brazil and argentina are such powerhouses when it comes to football.  look at all of south america.  its all completely green, i would figure if you have any talent in the game you just make the pilgrimage to brazil or argentina and you train under them.  
i bet he can't dodge manny pacquiao's punches.
usa is nowhere near brazil or spain in terms of talent, not even close. no american player would be even in the bench of those teams. some nice players sure, and a young team to look at. 

what about the wonderkid freddy adu btw, it is officially a bust or you still have high hopes? i remember half europe trying to sign him, but not much noise since then.
you can navigate to it through www.angelsbaseball.com; video is on the right panel
i always have to disable my ad blocker for this site
if it's going to be in tribute to anyone it's jackie robinson.
can i ask a question that's somewhat off topic?  what's that bee-buzzing sound i hear on the video?  i've heard it in more than a few matches and i assume it's the fans, but what are they using?
if it's usually a blatant bad call, they already show it on the replays anyways (well, not at the game or there would be blood for the ump). so i don't really see what the big deal is.

i don't 'need' to know within 100% if it was a strike or ball and i realize the relative strike zone. just look at ricky henserson's strike zone (about a fucking foot square) compared to richie suxson's (about 3 feet tall). i understand that.

i just want to see the break of the ball to really see how epic some of these ace pitchers are. i saw a clayton kershaw 12-7 curve from pretty much behind the plate live and my jaw was agape. i just wish i could see that every game.
stealing home is impressive enough on it's own, but i'm not sure i've ever seen it done against a right-handed pitcher until now.
actually, they're still better than almost any team's current uniforms.  all the teams are sporting business-casual these days.
the toronto blue jays:
http://www.sportslogos.net/logo.php?id=w0rjnhqvybgipw00gyt5hrgaa

and the nats need to move back to montreal so they can use the expos' logo again.
i think we both know that "eliminated italy" is just a bit misleading, even if technically true
what about benny the jet rodriguez?
well, i mean, italy *did* score a goal, and brazil only *did* score two...
thanks for the comment. i agree with you regarding the state of the pitches. i can only think that it is because half of the stadiums are multi-purpose standiums and has had real bashing during a very busy rugby season and the new stadiums' pitches still need to bind properly. 

my main concern is regarding the perception of how good the organization is and the perception of how well the travelling fans were treated/welcomed.
not to mention that, although the pitcher had an old school overhead windup-high leg kick combo, he wasn't all that slow to the plate.

so he stole home on a right handed, slightly below average to the plate (at worst) pitcher. 

i was sure that wakefield was the first right handed pitcher i would ever see this happen to, but i was wrong.

*edit:* to ask any angel fans on reddit to keep an eye on whether or not pitchers start throwing from the stretch when matthews is on third.  if you reply to this post down the road to keep me updated, i would really appreciate it.
i'm curious, why the hate on donovan?  he was one of the best players today and against spain.
you're so deromantic.
i give credit to matthews but in the pitcher's defense that was a horrible tag by montero.  he didn't block the plate at all, actually looked hesitant to get out and put down the tag. 
i think the u.s. would have won if bradley hadn't been given that bullshit red card at the end of the spain match.
well, at least, internazionale, americans don't flop on the ground like little fucking bitches every time another player (sometimes even their own players) remotely touches them.
i believe a day or two a guy scored on a bunt.

http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/8wa7i/in_the_park_bunt_by_erick_aybar_helped_by_errors/

not their best series, for sure.
i would say worse series for them ever.  it's one thing to let a guy still home, it's another to let up a bunt home run, it's something entirely different to let both happen in one series.
the thousands of **vuvuzelas.**  quite annoying and hopefully banned for next years world cup.  
two straight steals of home in one mlb season?
may i remind you robinho won the america cup all by his lonesome. kaká has become reliable, but was prone to the same kind of disappearance on the pitch as every other player not that long ago. also, robinho is not egomaniac. if you remember games before these (which you probably don't) he was one of the main passers on the team.

robinho didn't have a good tournament, but to say he sucks is stupid.
stupid arguments. soccer is like every other sport or pastime or whatever: 1. some ppl seem to be drawn to certain types of entertainment - some prefer action and violence, some prefer grace and beauty, or whatver. 2. ppl get attached to shit. that's why ppl keep watching baseball or nascar or even football (soccer) no matter how mind numbingly boring it seems to non-addicts. let it go. it's how ppl behave.
look, i'm not saying donovan is fernando fucking torres or anything, but his first touch for that pass from parker was torres-esque, as was the finish.  he shows up for international duty that guy, and that goal was sublime.  

freddy adu is like 27, he had to have lied about his age.  he was 17 when he was '14'.  over-hyped product of us 'prodigy' sports hysteria i'm afraid.  i think he plays okay for some spanish team if i'm not mistaken.  we have way better players waiting in the wings, if what i've seen of the under 20's on fox soccer channel is anything to go by.
i don't watch much soccer, but i watched some of the confed cup games, and i think the sound are these handheld plastic horns, and fifa (i think) is going to meet to discuss whether they should ban them before the world cup next year. i thought they were pretty damn annoying too. 
sorry if this is a stupid question but i don't know much about baseball, at what moment are you allowed to start running towards the homebase?
yeah, the pitcher had nothing to do with this. that should almost be an error.
best quote possible to summarize this video.
you can start running at any point; however, the pitcher will occasionally attempt to pick you off by throwing the ball to the third baseman or by "pitching out" to the catcher (throw a high pitch so that the catcher can easily tag the runner or make a throw to third base).  

players often get caught in between bases for an easy out when that happens.


i am looking over the post-game commentary and i feel like i've been watching a different game. the u.s. countered well in the first half, but brazil still carried the play. one article wrote about how good davies and altidore played. what? those two were average, could not win any 50/50 balls in the air and could not possess the way maicon or kaka could. they gave the brazilians too much space and in played a good system to hang with the brazilians, but they lacked the pace and possession at speed that the elite have. i just didn't think it was all that close. watching klejstan and a few others just pass directly to the brazilian defense was sad. sorry. 
i am looking over the post-game commentary and i feel like i've been watching a different game. the u.s. countered well in the first half, but brazil still carried the play. one article wrote about how good davies and altidore played. what? those two were average, could not win any 50/50 balls in the air and could not possess the way maicon or kaka could. they gave the brazilians too much space and in played a good system to hang with the brazilians, but they lacked the pace and possession at speed that the elite have. i just didn't think it was all that close. watching klejstan and a few others just pass directly to the brazilian defense was sad. sorry.
i think they us held their own and the shock of the first 2 goals was a lot for brazil to handle. but whatever dunga said to the team durning halftime sure got their attention and they came back full stride. 

scoring in the 46th minute (just 55 seconds after the start of the 2nd) was a clear msg that they weren't playing around. was it the fact that brazil didn't want the humiliation" of losing to the us? probably. but what it showed is that we need to find more depth for this us side or we're going to have a lot more near misses. 
usa did play against brazil. yankees of soccer if you will.
the real story: wang does not pitch a loss to the mets aaa affiliate.
davies had the one good assist.  i peaked on that play.  he had some other runs that just didn't pan out where he carried too long or made a bad pass.

i agree with the passes directly to the brazilians, that was getting tiresome.  i would say that howard played well and made some great saves, only a couple more would have sealed it.
they had to travel the furthest.  made it to the finals and lost by 1 goal.

they're probably not elite in the snobby elitist sense, but they can hold their own which is pretty good for a country where soccer is way down the list of popularity.  skateboarding, tennis, mma... are all more popular or as popular.  it's a minor sport.
milledge + mcutchins at the top of the line up will look nice until the pirates decide to rebuild again in 12 months.  
or [ty cobb](http://www.baseball-almanac.com/recbooks/rb_stbah.shtml), but cobb probably would have [slapped him for being uppity.](http://pages.citebite.com/l1k5h6t0e4avp)
you're the lone sane voice.  they are an ok side.  not world class.  anyone can put together one or two good matches against worn-out teams.  and remember, they backed into the semifinal, because another totally gassed side, italy, couldn't stop brazil from scoring.
what's wrong with a racially proportionate team?

jesse jackson and al sharpton will be proud of larry.
it looks like the pitcher saw mathews moving out of the corner of his eye and tried to speed up his delivery at the end(by watching the way he follows through, it is clear that he saw mathews).  this caused it to go way off the outside of the plate which i'm sure was not the original plan (you can see montero had to hop to the pitchers right side to catch it).

since montero was so far to the right, he had to lunge to get to the front of the plate and mathews slide was perfect to the top far edge. 


it all comes down to lack of midfield depth. the us back line cleared balls over and over, only to have possession handed back to the brazilians by the midfield, so of course the us back line was too gassed to provide any solid defense during the 2nd.  i don't think brazil played any better in the 2nd half than the 1st - the us were just too tired to do anything about it.  i shudder to think how bad it could've been if we didn't have a keeper as talented as howard.

if the us don't find more depth and get in better shape quickly, they're in for a very disappointing cup performance in 2010.  on the other hand, even if they're not up there with the world elites yet, it's heartening to see the us at least starting to hang with them in some tough matches.
if lebron james, deion sanders, and walter payton all had played soccer... there's just so much money in the nba, nfl, and even mlb that the supreme us athletes that dedicate their lives to training as both a passion and for their livelihood gravitate strongly towards those sports. you have a slice of olympians in there too (phelps for example) but a decent number of the us soccer team are those athletes that couldn't make it in the "money" sports -- along with some who simply do just love soccer, first- or second-generation americans, etc.
i was thinking more about dl trips too.  it makes more sense for pitchers to go on the dl because they typically have four or five days off between starts, so it is far easier to retroactively place them on the dl if they're going to miss a start or two so you can move someone up in their stead.  positional players that have a mild strain and only will see five or six days off would be foolish to dl.
ty cobb stole home 54 times.
god, i loved that game.  if you ran back and forth quick enough, you could make the runner leave the basepath.  there were so many tricks in that game.
it happens quite often in little leagues, many undersized speedsters have had their first "home-run" in a similar manner to this.

perhaps the first time this type of event has occurred in the mlb though.
not elite, for sure, but to be fair i have to say it's impressive how much they have improved in the last 5 years; other countries where soccer is a much more important sport (i.e. the rest of concacaf?) could not have pulled off that shocker against spain in semifinals... that being said, i think landon donovan is a dick.
i wish i liked soccer; the rest of the world does, and it does have a unifying quality about it because of that. i've tried to watch it on many occasions. i desperately want to like it, i really do.
.
.
.
however, i think it's a boring sport, played by guys wearing fruity looking shorts and socks.
epic fail by the catcher to not realize sooner what was happening.
i don't know why you got banged down, you're right. if soccer attracted people in this country the way nfl, nba or even nhl or mlb does (hell, even as nascar does) there would be a shit ton more money in it, and we would likely be in the running for the soccer championship every year (dream team and all).
the overrated jacoby ellsbury
he's amazing.

not that it needs to be a validation of his career, but he should rightfully be the all-time saves leader.  hoffman has never been as good as mo. 
even if "in-the-park" were to imply a homerun it is still wrong as this doesn't even register as a hit since it was an error. if anything they could have credited him with a single and scoring on errors as he still may have beaten out the throw to first if the first baseman was in position and the throw was on target.
there have been at least three already this season, and there were two in 2008.  it's rare, but it's not only-once-every-few-seasons rare.
what you should do, is follow a team, i suggest barcelona in spain. try to watch all it's fixtures you'll definitely enjoy it. i don't know if you can get the spain championship where you are but it's worth it.
question: as impressive as this is, isn't it incredibly stupid to attempt this?
epic fail by the pitcher.  if i'm the pitcher and i see someone barreling down from 3rd base, i'm going to break my slow pitching stride and just get the ball to the catcher asap.
you can downvote all you want. it will never hide the fact that the world cup was the worst display of sportsmanship i have ever seen. do any of you hardcore fans think for one second that a casual fan, watching football for the first time in years, thought, "hey, that guy faking an injury is good strategy." well, maybe if that fan was an asshole.

downvoting isn't going to censor the hard truth. people have eyes. anyone that supports this supreme act of cowardice that ruins the integrity of football disgusts me. 

you fake fans should be ashamed of yourselves.
for the most part, it just doesn't work that way.  i tried to force myself to enjoy hockey, even buying a partial season ticket package, but no luck.  i don't dislike the sport, but as live entertainment, it just isn't there.

the only thing that could happen is a better understanding of the game.  europeans i have come across tend to hate american football.  there are some who have made the effort to understand the game and now understand why a certain play called in the 1st quarter impacts the game winning drive in the 4th quarter.  those who took the time, love the game.  so perhaps an appreciation of soccer can happen that way as you see a midfielder move without the ball, never touch it, yet have drawn the defender two meters to his right, setting up the goal.
and i am happy that you don't like soccer.  the us fandom of soccer is such a relatively small group, that i have a great time whenever i go to matches.  i have never had problems getting tickets to the world cup, thanks mostly to the lack of interest in this country.

compare that to a nation like ireland, where a good quarter of fans at world cups are complete pricks, and it is very difficult to get tickets.

as much as i want the us to succeed, i can live without americans caring.
jacoby ellsbury did this against the yankees as well: http://soxanddawgs.com/2009/04/26/video-jacoby-ellsbury-steals-home/
i usually never root for us to win anything, but i was rooting for them to pull it out. 

sorry for jinxing you guys lol
yeah, altidore waited for the ball to come to him all game, and pretty much made himself invisible. the most frustrating aspect of the us team was their first touch. they lost so many opportunities on errant first touches. i'm just thrilled that the us put up a good fight against brazil this time. also, did anyone else notice how incredibly high alexi lalas was during the espn half-time and full-time recaps? the white in his eyes matched his hair. 
as an islanders fan, the last time i was cheering was the 01-02 season, when they went from worst in the league the year before to falling 1 point short of winning their division.

here's hoping tavares can help the isles do what they haven't done since 1993 - win a playoff series.
with a left-handed batter too. nothing to block the catcher's view. just a big cock slap.
brian's song is a worthy listing.
rudy
proof that bird is like that father who coaches little league and can't lose.  he is trying to live vicariously through his players...
that'd be a balk. once the pitcher starts his windup, he has to continue it.

the pitcher actually did a fairly good job by throwing the ball in the right-handed batter's box. the catcher should have been sitting on the plate when the pitch arrived.
rudy
it makes me sad that he didn't get an o.
yankees anything gets auto-downvote.  sorry.
i agree 100%.  i would say this is a huge factor in enjoying any sport.  i think cricket is boring, but i don't know what the hell is going on, so it is understandable.  i never watched soccer growing up, played a little.  i am now a huge soccer fan.  i think that the biggest draw was the fact that it is the most popular sport on the planet and the fans at some games make for an unbelievable atmostphere.  i started watching and playing the game.  i think if you play it you get a deeper appreciation for it as well.  as far as boring goes, i would disagree.  i think watching a 3-7 football game in the middle of winter is more boring than watching a 1-1 draw in soccer...but thats me.    
jacoby did it against a lefty though.
angels offense sort of sucks (at least when it comes to hitting), and they live and die on ballsy steals and baserunnung. stupid? maybr, sort of, but it's their style and it works for them. this is just an extreme example.
amen.
my fellow americans caring is something that i don't care about. respecting is a different story. i hate being ridiculed for watching soccer matches or wearing soccer jerseys. i'm not asking you to support it. i'm not asking you to watch it. i'm not asking you to take an interest... i'm just asking you to not make fun of me for it.
rudy
ah yes, so overrated. i can't stand that i always here him mentioned with the likes of pujols, santana, mauer, and all the other greats today... oh wait...

if you've been hearing his name a lot recently it's only because he's been doing a pretty good job on the best team in baseball for the past 3 years. i haven't heard anyone, even most delusional sox fans, say or even imply he's a top 5 center fielder. so i don't get this overrated shit.
rudy
what, no benchwarmers?
edgy.
oh perfect. have him be a band wagoner. awesome.
thanks, i enjoyed this and the previous article about unrestricteds... a few typos (the the; you called glen davis "david", i saw a few others but i forget...), but informative and insightful.
u r correct sir :)
thanks, fixed those two. normally someone proofs it for me, but he hasn't gotten to it yet.
mj over the knicks should be number one. i forgot the hops that kevin johnson had in phoenix, he could really get up.
say what you will about the rest of the team -- rivera has constantly been one of the most dominate closers for over a decade. i don't see how you can't respect the guy.
where the hell is "a league of their own"?
rudy
i thought it was funny how ewing got dunked on by both mj and pippen!  i guess he's the only one brave enough to try and stop them two.

kj had killer hops.  vince is a freak but that was pretty good.

starks had hops too and then he faded into oblivion...wish he was still around.  he gave the bulls-knicks and knicks-pacers rivalry a special character to watch out for.
i get nostalgic when i think about those two match-ups. 
hating the yankees is edgy? what are you talking about?
i think the dr. j dunk should be number one.  the mj dunk where he broke down the two defenders, then posterized the 3rd, is awesome, but the actual dunk isn't all *that* impressive.  dr. j had the flare.
he was offsides!
i love all of those dunks but kenny 'when i played' smith is a complete and utter douche.  "it don't count if ya dunk on uhh, euro....  i'm not gonna keep it real, ima keep it right."

 this guy continuously degrades basketball players not black and has always annoyed me about him. good player, shitty person.
how the hell is field of dreams not at the top of this list?

&gt;i think just about every guy got misty eyed the first time they saw this one.

first time? try every time.
aside from scoring the run, which is always the most important thing, it also keeps other teams off balance. 

even if the attempt failed, i'm sure more pitchers would be nervous with matthews or any other speedy angel on third. sort of like keeping someone honest in poker. 
holy shit. they airbrush more than playboy!
any chance we can get audio of john sterling's calls for every one of mo's saves? it would be awesome. you'd go like 40 of more or less the same call and then hit the playoffs and he'd be extra cheesy.
for anyone who disputes the #1 dunk, just remember that vince carter had to cleanly jump over a 7'2" guy.  that's some serious hops.
i read the headline as the top 10 drunks and got excited to see a story that truly spoke to my soul, obviously i was disappointed.
i had thought it was more rare than an unassisted triple play, but apparently i am *way* off
damn, we're old....(28)
that was quite a hack he took at that pitch. everyone in the yankees dugout was cracking up.
when he stole home on pettitte, the national media praised him like he was the second coming of lou brock.  

he's a leadoff hitter w/a poor obp and his speed saves him from  misreads in cf.  he can steal a base, but has no power.  he's a highlight reel player, but not much more than that.  unfortunately, that's what people go by these days.  
crazy story
as much as i hate the us soccer team, that's a glorious jersey.
i agree, but what i don't understand is why your comment, mine and the parent one got downmoded? wtf reddit, don't downmod a comment you don't agree with.
who?
what about baron davis over kirilenko?
why do you people keep submitting michael jackson stories to the sports subreddit??? wrong mj!
except the reality of it is complete bullshit.  the coach wanted to put him in.
ditto for mighty ducks
yao that hurts. 
i've got a poster of the starks dunk hanging in my room. probably the top highlight of the knicks since the championship years.
awesome stuff
annnnnnnd who gives a shit?
complete: i do not think this word means what you think it means.
same goes for remember the titans.
i've watched this for a couple of minutes and i'm starting to wonder when ronaldo is gonna learn to stop looking to his left. it seems like it'll go on forever.
i remember my parents getting pissed at me for walking on a grave when i was a little kid, and wondering how the fuck i was supposed to know any better. but right now i'm wondering what the odds are that ancient ppl's remains are in the dirt under me at this minute, and how upset those ppl must be about the crap posted to reddit.
i would have included the one where jordan missed against the knicks and the rebound went beyond half court
watched it and it was great. wawrinka was dogged til the last. dunno how murray is coping with all the pressure from bbc etc.
did someone take out the bullet points that said ruettiger never made the notre dame football team, or that there really isn't a university of notre dame at all?
i was judging the trade on the fact they traded away a third-round draft pick for an upcoming free agent. the other team really looking for a defender had just traded for one so that threat was gone. i believe they should have saved the pick, drafted someone good, and then tried to sign him in free agency.

plus, they still need to sign him - they have two days left (but i believe it's only a matter of time before they do sign him).
at least when zombies take over the world now we won't be the first to go.
i guess when you play for the gbl you have some time on your hands.
the dh in baseball and the long snapper in football.  two good observations in the article.
so true.
yeah, but the chance of them drafting someone good in the third round is outweighed in this case by the hope that by being able to negotiate with bouwmeester early, they can save themselves some money on his contract by not having to compete with offers from the other teams that want him, like the canadiens or the canucks.
his record shouldn't count. i really hope he never makes it into the hall of fame. if he somehow manages to make it to cooperstown, i will cease to be a fan of baseball. 
whenever i see bonds i think of terry tate.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrkiouh5nei
i've never been a knicks fan, but i remember watching that game and going nuts when starks dunked it. game atmosphere had a ton to do with it.
i'm kind of surprised, but relieved, that i'm not the only one who thought that.
i was hoping to see josh womack jump up and catch a flying bat in midair.
jim thome?   really?
is that out of surprise or because he's juiced too?
you think thome is dirty?
how can you not like this guy?
i can't believe it's been that long. he was such a great rb too. great post--thanks.
hmmm. misleading headline here. i remember reading about how devine agreed to be the bad guy in the movie, but i didn't know how the "laying down the jerseys" scene upset him.

most of the other tweaks sound like reasonable screenwriting changes. they just tightened things up. the big plot points  are all righteous, it looks like. i mean, good grief – the guy's about my size, and he walked on at notre dame. that's nothing to sneeze at.
yes, really.  that good ol boy would never take steroids.... they're for queers.
i don't even like nascar and even i know that you're wrong.
as much as i like thome and thomas (and griffey) ... you really can't give them a green light - nor anyone associated with mlb in the past 20 years. and mcgwire was my favorite player growing up :(

you know why babe and the boys were so bad ass? because they took drugs that hindered their performance, and still kicked ass!  can you imagine the babe on juice?!  he'd hit the ball like superman!
kudos to gooddell for cleaning up the nfl.

hey selig, you paying attention???
people are way too superstitious about graves.
compare frank thomas and jim thome to bonds/sosa/mcgwire when they entered the league.  thomas and thome were always big.  the other guys  were skinny and fast when they entered the league.
i hate it too.  you can look it up in any stylebook:  


with any acronym that's more than 4 letters, you drop the caps after the first letter.
wrong. sonar, nato, html, etc etc etc
because there hasn't always been cheating tainting baseballs records. should we throw out all the pitching stats from the dead ball era? 

career stat leaderboards really only matter for those passive interested in the game. saying bonds has the 'most career home runs' is meaningless because his 'home runs' don't compare to the babe's. its silly to use simple statistics to try and determine who the best player ever.

people need to get over the fact that players in the 90's used steroids and realize that, unfortunately, it was part of the game. baseball has never been pure, and acting like cheating is a new thing is being horribly oblivious to the truth.
it's ryne not ryan!
yeah, it's the 30 year olds that suddenly gain 25 pounds of muscle that are obviously on steroids. i would be surprised if thomas, thome, and griffey never did a substance that is now banned.
griffey? look at ken griffey jr. and tell me if that guy looks like he took steroids. he is in my handful of players that i would still be shocked to find out they used steroids and has ever right to be until a thread of evidence can be found against him. 
naacp

nasa

html

nato

i don't see where you're going with this. i've been writing for a long time, and i've never heard of dropping the caps on any acronym.

&gt;if you are down-voting me, you are an idiot.

i hate this mentality.
yes
that's really sad.
the author of the link seems to think babe playing against inferior pitching (since blacks were banned from baseball, and unless you're willing to claim that there were no black pitchers who were better than the pro white pitchers then you must admit that ruth faced inferior competition to what he would've faced) does not tarnish his record. which is complete bullshit, imo.
cheating in all sports has occured far before the introduction of drugs into sport. the yankees moving in the right-field wall to taylor to the babe comes to mind. i know it isn't exactly cheating as it did not only favour him, but it did help boost his numbers. the yankees now have to make the decision of whether or not to push out the right-field wall at new yankee stadium because of how short it is and how routine pop-flies are clearing the bases.

on a side note, should dock ellis' [no-hitter on acid](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dock_ellis#june_12.2c_1970_no-hitter) not count either?
pretty sweet, i laughed when he tried to juggle the bat with his feet and said, "that ones not coming out yet, that ones 2010".
well, look at the percentage of homeruns ruth hit in late innings against very tired pitchers. the invention of the relief pitcher is the reason that the clearly superior athletes of today can't achieve the same athletic accomplishments (with more games to do so).
i would like to add josh gibson to the list. he had between 800-900+ hrs. 

he 89 home runs in one season. a lot of people discredit him mainly due to him playing in the negro leagues.

the man deserves to be included in the hr record discussion. 
right. because there are how many good black pitchers in baseball today? and when has there ever been an era with a large number of good black pitchers? sorry if i come across as racist, but the fact is that black players overall have never been a big factor in baseball and its silly to think they would've been had they been given that chance before robinson. sure there have been great black players, but overall they compose a fraction of the league's talent and thats life.

so fine, ruth faced slightly inferior competition, but only slightly. and he played at the end of the dead ball era -- where his home run totals dwarfed the competition. his home run total is easily the greatest feat out of everyone on that list.
what are the numbers in parens for?

* number of hr they've hit this season?
actually, nascar themselves capitalize it in all their official correspondence. 


if every single grave were preserved over time... in many many years, there will be no land left for people that are still alive.
i have lost all my faith in baseball statistics and it upsets me.  how can we be certain reggie jackson wasn't juicing?  it's not like they were testing these guys back then.  fuck you, baseball!  diaf!
run runs in the current baseball season.
bonds took a ridiculous amount of hgh.  it made his organs grow.  pettitte took steroids, namely two injections of hgh.  it made his injuries go away, and he still looks skinny.  not all steroid usage is immediately evident.
meanwhile, satchel paige pitched that era and is considered to be one of the greatest pitchers of all time.
yeah, he was incredible.  and his stats from catcher? 
i wouldn't be surprised if he took them later in his career to help with injury recovery (as many injuries as he's come back from ahead of schedule) but i agree that he probably never took them as a performance enhancer.   
not to mention that ruth was known to cork his bat.
dude, 4 out of the top 5 on that home run list are black.

also, the greatest feat on the list is griffey doing it despite the amount of time he has spent injured during his career.  he would be #1 and then some if not for that.  also, he and mays are the only two in the top 5 known for playing good defense to go with heir hitting.

babe ruth is not the best home run hitter in history, he simply had a park built for him to hit them in.  he is not the best overall hitter in history, ted williams is.

overall, babe ruth is overrated.  the great things he did for baseball are undeniable but he is far from being the greatest player.
exactly bubba! and i made the list based on players that have truly been caught.
mcgwire was skinny, but he also hit 49 home runs his rookie season, which is why i never understood his wanting to "get big" - the ability to hit the long, long ball was always there.

true, thome and thomas didn't go through unnatural body-morphing.  i'm just saying that nobody can be ruled out, and it's a crying shame.  has anybody ever questioned whether nolan took them later in his career (much like john mcenroe). it sure would explain that badass beatdown of robin ventura!
what's the alternative?  they never got caught.  when they get caught, i'll call them into question.  until then, they're so few and far between that i think there is a strong argument that they are just simply the best home run hitters of their generation.  

would i be surprised to find out that griffey took steroids?  no, he has overcome a lot of injuries and has gotten bigger than he was when he entered the league.  thomas and thome i have to think are just big boys that can put a charge into the ball.
it's the jesus factor.
i think spending time in the federal lockup, losing a good portion of his money, and being vilified (for good reason) is punishment enough for vick.

i think what vick did was reprehensible. but the guy did his time. let him get on with his life and not be punished again for something he served jail time for.

the guy served 20 months. c'mon.


has it ever been proved that mcgwire used them? (i once saw him up close in the old busch stadium, in the tunnel behind the dugouts. he was swinging like five bats, and i remember thinking, "good god, if that guy's not on 'roids ...")
the alternative is to take everyone from '85-now out of the record books, and start making all players piss into a cup before and after every game.  yes, a few bad apples can spoil the whole damn bunch!

-baseball nazi

ps: the helmet is the worst thing to ever happen to the game!

edit: why [1985](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/josé_canseco)?
rodriguez has been playhing hurt all year.  he had a hip operation and came back too soon.  he should have come back after the all-star break.  he's playing at 60% right now.

if you know anything about hitting, your hips play a huge role when making contact with the ball.



and ortiz is just fat.
like i said, there have been great players, but the talent is still disproportionate, especially in terms of pitching.

i never said ruth was the greatest hitter. that is a different debate.

but lets look at his homeruns.

according to [baseball reference](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/event_hr.cgi?n1=ruthba01&amp;t=b) he hit 259 home runs in yankee stadium and another 85 in the polo grounds. thats 344 total home runs. he hit 659 home runs with the yankees. even if one assumes thats none of his homeruns with boston came at the polo grounds (and thus he his 344 home runs at home over that time), only 52% of home his runs can in the "park built for him" and one can assume that in a league average park, he'd still hit 630 home runs with the yankees and finished with 685.
don't forget sadaharu oh -- 868 homers in japan.
they should make nascar onions so i can do my kyle busch impression.
jetsons!
i don't know if it is superstitious, but more a matter of respect. i would not want to go to my mother's grave to see a car parked on top of it.
i prefer my alternative.  piss testing players before and after every game is not viable.
not the real home run list.  every single player on that list is dirty in one way or another.  this is just a manifestation of some anti drug, teetotaler bullshit.  
they were also 19.
and the fda claims that cheerios are a drug.  the labels drugs/ food/ steroids are all bullshit.
has he ever denied taking them?

he openly admitted to taking andro, but at the time he did, it wasn't a banned substance.

when pressed by congress, he didn't say one way or the other. if you don't answer the question at all, you can't commit perjury - which is the mistake palmero &amp; sosa (among others) made.
gooddell is a power hungry asshole.
because before the steroid scandal, [there were no drugs in baseball](http://www.palmbeachpost.com/sports/content/sports/epaper/2006/04/02/pbp_amphet_0402.html).
it would definitely cost a pretty penny!

i, too, prefer your alternative, as it's the american way – innocent until proven guilty - and baseball is the american pastime.  of course, it also seems to be the american way to persecute the ever-living shit out of those found guilty (especially in the court of public opinion), so ... you know ... watch out, steroid users.
&gt; the yankees now have to make the decision of whether or not to push out the right-field wall at new yankee stadium because of how short it is

actually the right field wall at the new stadium is exactly the same distance as it was at the old stadium - i don't think they really know what's causing so many more home runs to go out that way in the new stadium.
steroid colloquially stands for a banned substance that messes with hormone levels in the human body.  hgh may not empirically be anabolic steroids, but it is certainly a banned substance.  i mean, we're talking about what is generally accepted as cheating here, let's not split hairs over nomenclature.
griffey should be pissed.
american football some times has hilariously specialized players.  i remember my dad telling me about a player the cleveland browns had in the 1970s --i think it was jerry wilkinson-- who they only brought in to block long field goal attempts (he was 6 10, or some thing like that).  he was not used in any other part of the game.
it's only bones in the ground, so what?
i'll have to disagree with your mclaren friend, montoya was not a dangerous driver, for that you need to look at takuma sato. even schumacher before he refined his driving style was a loose canon. unfortunately for montoya he came to f1 when political correctness became fashionable.

thiessen and sam michaels have been talking about the need for teams to work to increase overtaking, i wish them all the best.
only a 2% sway for home field home runs.  i never thought it would be that close for him.  thanks.
are you dumb?  taking acid is not the same as pumping up full of roids, if you think it is you are well very dumb.  
edit - eh i fucked up confused you with someone else who commented above. removing post.


one part of value from my post was that sadaharu oh was playing in much smaller ballparks and against minor league quality pitching.  japanese baseball also uses a small ball.   he would not of come close to 868 hrs in mlb.
cheating is not new but even speed doesn't allow someone in their late 30s and 40s to remain at the peak of conditioning.  not all cheating is created equal and taking steroids is by far the worst kind of cheating in sports.  it allows players to play well beyond their natural years to maintain near peak body conditioning and to recover from nagging injuries must faster.


one could easily argue that with expansion that the quality of pitching has gone down considerably since then.

do you think speed is the same thing as steroids?  speed does not prolong someones career and keep them in great shape and able to avoid and/or recover from injuries faster.  

stop pretending they are the same thing so you can be the edgy contrarian.  you are just making yourself look like an idiot.
i'm a cubs fan, and i'll even admit that i would be very surprised if thome was a juicer.
no where did i suggest that they are even similar, so wherever you found that comparison please do point it out. i was simply taking the opportunity to link to an interesting story and possibly raise conversation as to whether the effects of lsd could have a positive effect on his playing ability.
no
had griffey taken steroids, he would have recovered from those injuries much faster and might be higher up that list.  i believe he's clean and the modest growth of his physical frame can be attributed to the regular workout regimens of mlb players.
[which apparently hinders the distance you can hit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corked_bat)
i didn't mean to come off as though i would expect griffey to test positive (though reading back through my post, it appears that that is indeed what i insinuated).  what i meant is that it wouldn't surprise me because i have become so jaded.  his growth, which is most likely the result of his workout regiment, casts a shadow of doubt.  as i mentioned above though, innocent until proven guilty.  i think there are plenty of provably guilty out there to suggest that if you didn't get caught then you probably weren't doing it. 
you mean saying "should doc ellis no hitter not count either"  doesn't sound like a comparison? 

seriously just stop.
he and rip always struggled to reconcile; it was the best decision for the team. 
this should be the logical step for all hot chicks that leave college sports. makes sense over a real job.
but, she's taking up valuable real estate, and for what? her rotting corpse? she's probably polluting the ground too.
oh agreed, i'm in no way implying these positions are unimportant.  rather the choice was based on versatility of the player.  a long snapper isn't gonna be doing anything other than long snapping.
you know, i wanted to downvote you at first.  i started to try and find some evidence to refute what you say.  i mean, obviously there have been great black pitchers, gooden, paige, gibson, etc.  and blacks do make up a minority of the population.  however, i would only say that, i have no idea how good the "average" pitcher was in the negro leagues when ruth was around.  it would be interesting to see what the average negro league pitcher would have done in the major leagues, at that time.  that is really the only way you can say, one way or the other, that ruth had a distinct advantage.  i just can't see any way of proving this though.  so yea, i agree, you really can't use that argument against ruth.
yes it does, a comparison to the use of illegal drugs in sports. once again no where did i make a direct connection between steriods and lsd. had you read the comments that other people had made you would see that the discussion moved into reasons why other records should or should not count not just because of the use of steroids.


the curvature in the right field wall is gone.  it's now straight to accommodate a scoreboard.  this, apparently, is just enough of a change to make more long balls into home runs.

edit: also, the fences on the right side are lower than at the old stadium

[wiki link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yankee_stadium#field_dimensions_and_playing_surface)
i don't get the "i'm a cubs fan" stance with relation to thome being a juicer. 
he's on the white sox.
drugs in sports is not the issue.  you sound like the people that say weed should be illegal because its a drug like meth. 

look at each drug on its own and what effects it has on a person playing the game.  nothing come closes to what steroids provides a player.  it gives them more years in their prime.  lsd doesn't, neither does speed or drinking. 
man i smoke weed everyday so you have no idea what you are talking about. stop with the comparisons of lsd to steriods, that was never my intended purpose of the statement. i said "on a side note" to seperate that statement from the steroid talk and to raise the question of whether it can be argued that lsd can have a positive effect on playing ability (in this particular case pitching ability).
i don't see the harm in it, basically at all, when we're simply talking about banned substances in a non-technical manner.
i don't think so. take a look at [this](http://www.hittrackeronline.com/detail.php?id=2009_1268&amp;type=ballpark&amp;sortm=std_dist&amp;sort=asc) and [this](http://www.hittrackeronline.com/detail.php?id=2008_2416&amp;type=ballpark). the 'flattening' of the wall is in right-center. i don't see a lot of hr that can be ignored by comparing the two charts. 

even if we ignore the 13 hr under 350 feet, new yankee stadium still has 2.77 hr per game. that's still considerably more than the last three years (1.98, 2.42, 2.31). 
that second chart isn't showing up for me...

[this](http://www.delawareonline.com/blogs/uploaded_images/yankee-stadium-baseba_corm-723271.jpg) is the closest i can get to an overhead view of the old stadium, and the curve on the right field wall still looks more pronounced than the new one.

edit: okay, [i found it](http://www.hittrackeronline.com/detail.php?id=2008_2416&amp;type=ballpark), and compared to the old wall, nys has virtually no curve.  it's almost a straight line from center field down to the foul pole.

and if you flip back and forth between the two charts, you can see the new wall, because of that lack of curve, some of the home runs in nys wouldn't have made it out of the park.  not too many, granted.
there is a logicaly fallacy in there somewhere... "if you believe x then you believe in y" where x is a reasonable position and y is an absurd attack.
from wikipedia:

all-time ranks

    * 3rd on all-time home run list with 714

    * 10th on all-time batting average list with .342

    * 2nd on all-time rbi list with 2,217

    * 1st on all-time slugging % with 0.690

    * 2nd on all-time on-base % list with .474

    * 1st on all-time ops with 1.164

    * 4th on all-time runs list with 2,174

    * 6th on all-time total bases list with 5,793

    * 3rd on all-time bases on balls list with 2,062

i think one of the best ways to rate a player is to compare him to his contemporaries...

http://www.baseball-almanac.com/yearly/top25.php?s=hr&amp;l=al&amp;y=1921

http://www.baseball-almanac.com/yearly/top25.php?s=hr&amp;l=al&amp;y=1923

http://www.baseball-almanac.com/yearly/top25.php?s=hr&amp;l=al&amp;y=1924

http://www.baseball-almanac.com/yearly/top25.php?s=hr&amp;l=al&amp;y=1926

http://www.baseball-almanac.com/yearly/top25.php?s=hr&amp;l=al&amp;y=1927

http://www.baseball-almanac.com/yearly/top25.php?s=hr&amp;l=al&amp;y=1928

he was suspended for six weeks in 1922 and was out for medical reasons in 1925, which is why i left them out.

had foul rules and field dimensions been the same in 1922 as they are now bill jenkinson estimates that he would have hit 104 home runs. http://www.amazon.com/year-babe-ruth-home-runs/dp/0786719060
you can "disagree" all you want.  this is why he was ousted from f1. they were afraid he was going to injure or kill someone - or himself.  

as a courtesy, they told the media he was "leaving".

how can you say he wasn't dangerous now that you know why he is out of f1?  are you more informed and knowledgeable than everyone in pit lane?


you know the patriots would say 1 yard line. the problem is, they probably would win too. bastards.
or the tendency to fall off after quiting the 'roids ? just asking
i can't believe kj is now mayor johnson. highest vertical leap of any politician ever?
mark mcguire and barry bonds are both older than frank thomas.  barry bonds was 22 when he entered the majors, meanwhile mcguire was 23 when he debuted in the mlb.  frank thomas was about 22 when he entered the majors and jim thome 21.  so they pretty much entered at the same time of their lives.
hm.  didn't know that.  not sure if i believe it but i certainly doubt corked bats being strictly helpful now.
do you mean that you'd be surprised if thomas, thome and griffey ever did a substance that is now banned?
cool idea, but why make it a silent auction?

let them try to outbid each other; it can be like a game show.

    "we can score from the 20-yard line."
    "we can score from the 15-yard line."
    "we can score from the 10-yard line."
    "move that football!"
if you go to ballparks and then select 2008 you can choose yankee stadium.  

fwiw i did some more research at that site. another cool thing the site does is sort all hr into just enough, plenty, and no doubt. definitions are [here](http://hittrackeronline.com/glossary.php). i calculated the percentage of hr that fit the just enough category (within 10' vertically or one fence length horizontally): 09: 25%, 08: 26%, 07: 28%. if the fence height or distance was accounting for this year's increases i would expect the 09 percentage to be higher.

how many other hitters in ruth's era hit 700 home runs?  if you really want to get into comparing players across eras you do so using statistics, which many authors have done.  ruth may have played against weaker competition, but what he did against it was unprecedented and has never been repeated.  he was one of the best pitchers of his time and was the best hitter of his time.  if he was playing against weaker competition, wouldn't everyone else have risen to his standards?  the fact is that he was a supreme talent, and was better than the rest of his era in a manner that has not been duplicated.

not to mention the fact that he missed almost 4 seasons of hitting everyday, which could have been another 80 to 90 home runs.

i'm basing all of this off of the work of sabermetricians such as bill james; i have a copy of james' historical baseball abstract that i've read cover to cover... ruth was farther ahead in terms of standard deviation in many categories.  james uses formulas that are standardized across eras making such comparisons possible.

[baseball reference on ruth](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/r/ruthba01-bat.shtml).  he is first all-time in some of the most important categories when they are standardized.  some of them he is the leader by far, even ahead of bonds.
while it certainly could be argued based on the small amount of evidence, i'm not sure if there will be a study done any time soon.


didn't david wells pitch his perfect game under the influence, too?  i thought i remember him admitting to that somewhere.
that's what i was thinking but without the kick ass reference. kudos to you!
interesting.  it doesn't look like that huge of a difference from that angle.  smaller sample size, perhaps, with the new stadium?.

if i'm reading the stats on the site correctly, it looks like nys is up to a 120 hrs this season already, and oys in its last year got 190.  that's a huge difference, with the season just less than half over.  so if the wall doesn't account for it, what would?
while i agree based on the fact that he would not have that many in major league baseball, 868 home runs *anywhere* is pretty amazing.  

and i think the reason why gibson is never included in discussions is because there's no actual record of how many home runs he hit and most of the knowledge of gibson relies on folklore.
mcgwire was skinny, yes.  but he also holds the single-season record for home runs by a rookie.  so i'm not sure where you're coming from there with him.  bonds also had power.  not 73 home run power, but he had power.  

there are so many guys that don't add muscle that have also tested positive and plenty of guys who put on muscle and not only have not tested positive but adamantly deny usage.  i can't say who has and who has not used steroids, but i certainly can't say i do based on the changing of their bodies.
i will never understand any decision made by the pirates and i'm not even a fan of the team.  why they would get rid of a potential break-out at the top of their order for a guy who's head is bigger than the allegheny river.  milledge is young, but he can't stay healthy or on a big league roster long enough to show his potential.  

and burnett being traded is just giving up on another failed pittsburgh pitching prospect.  add him to the list of josh fogg, kip wells, bryan bullington, and john van benschoten...among others.  
i'd like to hear your explanation on frank robinson, mike schmidt, mickey mantle, and especially, ernie banks.  
what a waste...  thats like slapping god in the face right there...  booo
i honestly don't think they'll mind
lol i stopped half way thru. did it ever turn into a video? 
i suspect all balls are traveling slightly farther because of different wind currents due to some structural difference in the stadium that isn't visually apparent. that's my guess. you're right about sample size too. i wouldn't draw definitive info from the data until at least the end of this season. you probably would be interested in [this](http://sports.espn.go.com/fantasy/baseball/flb/story?id=4297107) if you haven't seen it yet.
it really isn't that amazing though.  look at someone like hideki matsui, his power numbers are not even close to what they were in japan.  the quality of play and pitching right now is much closer to mlb quality than it was when sadaharu oh played.  no doubt he was a great player and probably could of been very successful in mlb but no on the level of the people on that home run list.
i bet 7 minute abs would sell
but still, the longevity and physical ability that you need to hit 868 home runs in professional baseball should be merited.  the fact that his record has yet to be touched by another baseball player (japanese or american or elsewhere) should also be noted.
cool, thanks.
yummy
i need to find videos of drogba and submit it there.
i don't get it. are you suggesting they look alike? or is there some inside joke i'm missing?
fifa will probably turn a blind eye to this.
i love soccer.  i love that this site exists now.  divers ruin the game.
that's the exact point i'm trying to make though.  who's to say nevada is "marginal"?  until they implement a bracket playoff where these teams can all play each other, all the comments about a teams ability compared to other teams they've never even played is purely speculative.

the simple thing is, most of the big conferences are scared to schedule against these teams.  just look at what happened to michigan since they lost that game to app state.  right down the shitter.  such a shocker, but really, app state was athletically and coaching wise a better team, and that frightens the shit out of all these old dog conferences.  case in point, that old bastard ad from ohio state making that comment about teams like tcu, when tcu turns around and beats wisconsin.  pretty sure that's the kind of thing the big ten would never want to see again.
yeah...they look exactly the same. maybe that title sucked. sorry and lame.
somebody should tell soccer players they can use their hands to catch their fall. never understood why a tap on the shins sends their arms a flailing.
great idea, its about fucking time.
and the la kings.
very interesting, of course everyone knew having the cup in qatar was a horrible idea, but i guess cash speaks louder than reason.

rumor has it that the qatari world cup will be held in the winter to allay the fears of playing in such hot temperatures.
they should have all left and gone drinking at the pubs.
his voice sounded like a gameshow announcer
it is a badly kept public secret that fifa is corrupt
this is not just in qatar, the same shit happens all over the middle east.  hell, one day i was driving on a highway in saudi arabia and it was blocked for 20 minutes so he's "fucking majestic ass" can go home despite rush hour.  and don't let me talk about the day where i wasn't allowed to leave home because of a stupid event that i don't care about.
if i was coaching blake griffin, i would have him watch this video.  lebron could benefit too, but he doesn't seem aggressive enough.

fat kid is awesome
oops, not sure why it says 'i'. i meant 'a little highlight'
its not too late to change the host country to usa (who got the 2nd most votes) instead of qatar (who obviously bribed the shit out of fifa). usa has tons of great venues and infrastructure for a great world cup and americans are finally getting more and more interested in soccer every single year. 
what's worse than losing your father unexpectedly? playing qb for the lions. zing.
ya, the only thing i see about fifa in there is how utterly stupid they were for picking qatar for the 2022 world cup.  it's going to be disastrous.
they shouldn't allow teams to host if they've never qualified previous. but hey, money talks...
you are not allowed to consume alcohol as a muslim. there is only one liquor store in the entire country.
"i know......football?"
you're right but luckily there is no way they'll be able to keep outside media out of the world cup so they'd either be forced to follow international law or they will essentially start a war.
one of those shock-and-awe headlines of theirs that also succinctly summarizes decades of shifting cultural stereotypes
being the quarterback for the lions is bad enough...poor guy.

:(
aussie aussie aussie, oi oi oi!
rockstar,where did the article you link talk about fica corruption?  seems to me that the headline is sensationalist / flat out lying.
ahem. may i also remind everyone that fifa didn't just turn down america, they turned down [morgan freeman](http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lcrp1xcufw1qz6t0vo1_400.jpg). that's grounds for a just war if you ask me.
i miss you sonics. :(
i hate all the high horse bullshit about diving in the game. it happens every now and then so what. there are far more important things that need addressing.

dangerous tackles...  corruption... messi got a £2500 fine for revealing a shirt saying happy birthday mum, madrid got the same fine total for fans waving 'swastikas and "chanted in reference to gas chambers".'
i'm sure with a name like ditka354, there's absolutely no chance that you're a bitter bears fan. /s
i wish i had read this before i tried to teach my friend about football. i kept getting overwhelmed trying to explain every single little thing and she just got more and more confused.

she's picked up basketball very well, though. i was proud of that.
i don't think fifa corruption can be exposed, that would imply there's some kind of layer of non-corruptness shielding it from view.
now let me say this first, i hate bill archer. i hate that man with a burning passion, but, what he says here is bang-on. qatar should never have had the world cup, fifa is a joke, and sepp blatter needs to be thrown into an old folks home.
a blind eye to this sport that nobody in the us cares about.

edit: except for you six
would you pay to go to the pro bowl? let's say you already live in hawaii. 

i think i would.
how could i forget?  i grew up during his prime time.  there will never be another like him.  everyone keeps making comparisons between blake griffin and him, but griffin doesn't have the level of coordination, size differential between positional opponents, or swagger that kemp did.
http://www.qatarvisitor.com/index.php?cid=413&amp;pid=1081
now i want blood shed!
hey mate

&gt; heath and his new brakeman in the two-​​man event, alex zborowski 


which will be effectively counter-taunted with a big away win to start off the season.  go blue!!
i wonder if al jazeera will report it or if anything qatar related then its ok to silence the press
agreed. colin cowherd is so annoying that he makes that show almost unbearable.  i lose it every time he does a lame ron burgundy impression, or rides tom brady's dick to no end.  beadle is what makes the show.
ya, if it was easy enough to do. it looks like a fun show besides, i saw ray lewis signing autographs on the side before the game was even done. 
she'll probably try to sue him.
wow, their climate is worse than i thought. i hope they find a better venue for 2022, but i doubt they will.
i agree that his game should improve greatly as soon as he gets his first win... but i don't think we'll ever see the dominance of tiger as we did before.

even then, i don't expect him to win at the 25% clip he was a few years ago. the field is getting stronger with some real young guns in every single field. the gap in skill is decreasing, and with tigers recent failures, everyone is confident they can beat him on sunday... something that nobody on tour believed from 2001-2009. 
he is just a rookie man, give him time. kemp played in a different era though, back when people actually tried to play defense. way too often now people just back up and let the other players dunk.
the onion has always been spot on about social commentary. they added sports a couple years back. they also added video-news like comedy that has resulted in their recent fame. 

i remember reading onion articles when they were in print, not online.
hey! don't worry, hes old. he'll be dead soon!
i can't wait until the olympic committee wakes the fuck up and makes this part of the summer games.

this and monster trucks. 
agreed, the fact that the cavs suck without him merely proves that his awards from the past two seasons are justified. the mvp is given based on this year, not on past years, so their record this season should have no bearing on lbj winning (or not winning) the mvp.
the analogy is a little rough, but still interesting to think about. if i had to pick a sport to represent capitalism, it would be soccer. not us soccer though, the mls is just straight up communist.
fd: i wrote this.
hahaha awesome
i wonder what will happen when the scantily clad fans come to watch their teams play in qatar.  will there be a dress code for fans or will everyone be allowed to support their teams in their own ways?  
fuck fifa, fuck qatar. 
no, it is the predominant reason. all 3 require some development, with the exception of the occasional phenom. out of the early amateur leagues arose baseball's early pro teams. the 2 strongest leagues eventually evolved into the modern al and nl, with lesser leagues, with cheaper players, becoming the place to develop players for the major leagues.

on the other hand, basketball and football both originally developed as college leagues in the late 19th century. james naismith, along with phog allen and his famous proteges, were all college coaches. pro basketball leagues wouldn't emerge for a couple of decades.

the earliest football games were all college games. today you'll find several universities with football programs stretching back into the 19th century, where even the oldest nfl franchises can only be dated back to the late 1910's to the 20's.

basketball and football leagues didn't need minor leagues because they had the much more established college leagues already in place to develop talent.
not all just lots.
anybody else tired of listening to ralph lawler?
we have so many awesome new state-of-the-art stadiums too.  the palace in dallas; yankees stadium; and new meadowlands stadium.

bribery is more wrong than stupid.
also, no shit.
not to mention their alcohol policies. i read you have to have a license to buy beer at like one of the 4 liquor stores in the country. can you believe this is where the world cup is going? i'm still in shock.
it's true, the us has the infrastructure and the stadiums to host the world cup if it were tomorrow.  it's any easy back up solution if the powers that be at fifa, *ahem*, come to their senses.
not sure about the beer (well maybe in relation to qatar) but i give you a hearty +1 on the chicks.
there was no doubt in my mind that we were going to host. what does fifa do? literally awards it to the only country in the running that i would never go to for a world cup. ever.
to be fair, he did [miss a page](http://www.smh.com.au/sport/football/morgan-freeman-gaffe-sees-us-world-cup-bid-take-embarrassing-turn-20101202-18h1g.html) in his speech and most of the fifa officials probably haven't seen shawshank redemption.
this happens in thailand too, but not for 20 minutes. they are very well rehearsed. all the cops come out and stand in every intersection and street coming onto the main road just waiting.

when the time is right they stop everyone from entering the main road, then within 1-2 minutes a few cop cars run down the road, followed by the 2-3 state cars, then a couple more cop cars, then it's all done 5 minutes later.
for those of you who are saying that it is due to the longer development required for baseball are being naive. i'll concede of the 3, basketball is the one sport where the top freaks among potential future pros are capable of making the immediate jump, but for the most part, even in basketball, it takes years for most great players to develop. 

in football, kids coming straight out of high school would stand a snowball's chance in hell of competing against established pros. it doesn't matter how big of a physical freak you are, the gap between the pros and high school in terms of skills and physique is just as big, if not greater with football compared to baseball. in fact, due to the physical nature of the game, those developmental years are even more crucial in football, as they allow players to develop without being broken in half against vets. it's just that football players develop in college while baseball players are more likely to develop in minor leagues.
sensationalist, definitely, but lying no.  no one who thought the bid decision wasn't corrupt before (as if there were any people who didn't) could see how qatar handled the asian cup final and say, "there was no corruption and qatar was the right choice for the 2022 world cup." 
nah man. he's a smaller guy with big heart. 
oh wow!  i didn't even think about all the alcohol sales during an event like the world cup.  budweiser is one of the biggest sponsors for fifa and if they can't advertise and sell beer then they would probably pull their sponsorship.  that is a lot of money that fifa would be missing out on.  maybe they can have qatar cover that for them.  i mean they had enough money to bribe the voters right? 
it would be even scarier today, considering how much he must weigh by now.
yes, but all the article demonstrates is that the qatari security forces and/or royal family are louts. i opened it expecting to discover that qatar had made public evidence of them bribing fifa or something. misleading headline is misleading.

or maybe it was an m. night shyamalan thing.
powerpoints are the key man, key. there's a reason they call it powerpoint.
and beer. we have lots of beer.
this was surprising to me. i mean, when i look at bob sanders on the colts i perceive him to be pretty small in relation to the other players. for some reason i always viewed polamalu as being bigger. either way he's a monster!
the fact that this isn't the lead story for sports reporting is as concerning as the rampant fifa corruption.
1988 was 22 years ago.  it's a nice feeling to have the '1954' retort made useless.
that is the only pic they could find of him?
they weren't stupid.  it's shit like that which guarantees sepp blatter his leadership.
i'm australian and my parents purchased tickets to the game. they had attended other asian cup games without any problems. they arrived 30 minutes prior to kickoff, the gates were shut, and they weren't allowed in. they say they've been given no recourse to get their ticket money refunded, because the qatari officials just pretend it never happened. apparently the crowd turned away were remarkably restrained. imagine if it were english fans turned away?

they didn't have very expensive tickets, but knew some friends who had bought the most expensive tickets and turned up to find somebody else sitting in the seats they had purchased months before. nobody would make them move and they ended up having to find seats way at the top, right up the back. 


look up some of red smith's columns, he is sure to have so good stuff.
redneck desiring downvotes here.

what the fuck is this "fifa" you speak of?
the fuck does this have to do with fifa corruption? downvoted, hard.
while allegations of corruption in a major sport are both saddening and attractive (in a macabre sort), i must say...

hockey &gt;&gt; 
the point is that the article mentions nothing about fifa being involved in any kind of corruption or bribery or anything of the sort.  it just reinforces the idea that qatar was a poor choice for the world cup.
also lots of food.
awesome. also, statistics. statistics is the most important. how many dives per season, free kick per dive, penalty per dive, real injury per dive, etc2. also, separate into different leagues, like how many dives per season in premier league vs la liga vs serie a. finally, in each league, make a top diver table.


i've never worked in broadcasting, but i have to imagine the time and stress of his old job was far greater than that of being an analyst. also, some analysts actually broadcast from home or small studios near there home so as long as he isn't slated to be at an event the travel time may also be far less.
"should we hold it in america and make more money than we know what to do with, or should hold it in the middle of the fucking corrupt desert? qatar it is!"
not too mention griffin dunks and doesn't really relax. kemp lets you know he just embarrassed you
when i was little and looked at baseball cards i would get the brewers confused with the mets. i thought the mets where the mitts and that the brewers logo was their logo.
oh i totally agree with you generally, but my comment was referring to the fact that fifa was not simply "stupid". although title is misleading, it's not that big of a stretch to say that qatar's performance as the asian cup finals host exposes the fact that the decision to pick qatar for the 2022 wc could not have been *legitimate*. 
not hating on the sport at all. but honestly i have no idea how to play or where i could watch it if i wanted to.
...the consumption of which they probably won't allow in qatar.
tiger's drive is gone.  now with a herd of young talent pouring on to the tour... rory, dj, mahan, anthony kim and kuchar, he stands with little to no shot of catching jack.  is was fun while it lasted... some of the most exceptional golf ever to be seen and yet he always had to whine like a brat.
yeah, it's cool though.  i'd rather be hated then to be a hater.  i always tell them "you can hate, while i celebrate".
even better: "will any steeler mock aaron rodgers by 'putting on the championship belt'?"

even odds.  can't make this stuff up.
so, turns out the article is completely wrong about all the media bullshit.  a small news station known as al-jazeera is based in qatar, ever heard of it? and secondly [according to the bbc](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/country_profiles/791921.stm#media) all media in qatar has been basically free since 1995.
well its true, but ama're (young) reminds me more of blake then anyone now. 

also young vince was as ruthless as any dunker in the nba ever. the rest, i'm a toronto fan.. sooooo
it wont even be fun anymore... 
yeah, the assumption that qatar has no free media, which is pretty much completely false, was particularly glaring.
wish i could upvote this 10 times
you forgot the best one. crew stadium columbus ohio
not bitching. 

all i said was the due above me was right (original post) rather then the other way around. 

i don't care really either way. jrs *was* nicer but i find it more impressive comin' from a beast like blake. 


away win? i would be happy with this considering that they're playing in los angeles.
we'll only abuse you at the airport. once you're in, it's all clear.
minnesota's ice crew isn't like this :(
i think its an even worse idea to host the world cup in a country that requires separate entrances for men and women.
i guess i won't be tuning in to al jazeera to read about this. not like they are based in quatar or anything.
if this is gonna be the case in 2022 then fans in other countries are not gonna be as civilized as they were in the videos that i saw in the link. the only reason i have to believe that this will be the case is this show:

 [real football factories](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy0w8kt969u)

if you can't get enough watch the international version.
i knew it was a horrendous idea to have the world cup at qatar. it's idiotic of fifa to financially and publicly support a country that oppresses the females.
the way i took his retiring is that he was tired of the spotlight, and wanted time to be a regular person in a regular family. and i take this as money can change anyone's mind.
i have been to several nfl stadiums that have separate entrances for men and women. at m&amp;t bank stadium in baltimore they have male security pat-down the men and female security pat-down and look into the purses of the female fans.
sepp's stupid ass got played by the afc president mohamed bin hammam, who convinced blatter to have the world cup in qatar, and is now stabbing him in the back (though you can't say he doesn't deserve it, figuratively, of course) and running against bladder for fifa president
how much restraint would the qatar police force show if any of the fans become rowdy in significant numbers?  if it's bloody, the world's response - the *entire fucking world's* response - would be 'in-kind', to be sure.  let's hope qatar's police and crowd control forces reconnect with their humanity before then.
next one is going to be in brazil, so no need to worry for a long time, chill out. love the fucking world cup
go to [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqemhyje5ja](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqemhyje5ja) to see it without the sh*t.
what is most terrifying to me is that he is playing on pure athleticism right now. when he starts to learn 'the game', the kid is going to be damn near unstoppable.
yeah, but they are welfare at its worst. they have no incentive to improve. in the nfl everyone gets the same amount of money, so why not try to be the best if you know you're on a level playing field?
quatar?
i'm not sure if you're being sarcastic - al jazeera is excellent for about everything save reporting on gulf monarchies, as they're headquartered in doha.

the bigotry i was referring to was where the article said:
&gt;...they were beaten with truncheons for their disrespect for authority and, probably, for being women in the first place

as i said, that's an unnecessary addition.  [human rights in qatar are an issue](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_qatar) but the blog author chose for a general crack at muslims instead.  

/shrugs
polamalu stands at a humble 5'10", yet towers over offenses
tell them to find #43 for pittsburgh
it's an imaginary place that exists  in my head where i go to escape my problems. you should come visit. it's nice. and the al jazeera is on 24/7. 
i go to qito, ecuador. 
i expected disrespect of tradition when we played seattle and arizona seeing as they dont have any, but from the packers fans? i figured that since we are finally playing a team with a decent history we'd have a little more class
perfectly plausible assessment :)
great link, that was cool and insightful. thanks.
omg thats was me and my roomates confabulating the trolll
it's college football, so even less than that.  the point was that i felt like he was attempting to leave the college football world behind and become a family man.  i can understand becoming an analyst, it is in no way compared to coaching at uf.  but the fact that he did it so soon after "retiring" is what i don't understand.
[the winner](http://www.designlessbetter.com/blogless/posts/spartan-golf-club-logo)
not corruption. let's get teh news out!!!1
except the browns :(
what you describe happens in the united states. 
to be fair, i live in a pretty oppressive place thanks to religion.

if i get caught growing a small, personal amount of weed (which i may or may not be known to do) i get thrown in prison for a minimum of 3 years, no dealz no change brah. 

matter of perspectives, i guess.
i heard he torres thigh muscle... no wonder liverpool traded him off.
well said.  it cheapens a classic sport.  
my question still remains unanswered.  where did the article expose fifa corruption, as the headline suggests?
this is a very informative article. thanks for the read.
you must be a resident of qatar to get a license to buy/consume alcohol.

edit: and it can't be consumed in a public place.
agreed. you cant drink there without getting arrested. anywhere. you can't be gay without getting arrested. you can't get in the stadium once the royalty enters... sounds like a hell of a world cup! count me in! .......siiiiiiiiike! 
i agree with your point.  being an analyst isn't the same as coaching.  the article didn't specify his exact role as an analyst, but i cannot imagine espn allowing him to do his new job from home. i just see the guy coaching again in a couple years.  becoming an espn analyst just seems to be the halfway house for coaches without jobs.
ha! well put. the same might be said for cbs football guys and the monday night football team.
you could say that of many events... the olympics in moscow, for instance.  yet there have been successful events of all types in controlled countries.
this made me tear up.  what an incredible gesture.  
wow i had a cap that had that on the front and i absolutely never noticed that. (not sure why i had that cap given that i was born and raised elsewhere, far away from milwaukee.)
yea, i have no problem with it. it is stipulated that if you don't produce or live up to potential then you get cut. if you're on an academic scholarship and you don't make the grades: cut. 

and if they get cut from the team during their senior year, they don't have to pay back their previous years. i don't know if you didn't understand that or you just worded your sentence poorly.

the line outside that liquor store come 2022 will dwarf those not allowed to watch this game.
you could say that qatar has exposed fifa corruption through its shocking performance hosting a major soccer/football event. a bit of a stretch i know. 
the joke's on a&amp;m
i used to be a proponent of qatar's bid (purely due to naivety that having the world cup in a middle eastern state would help bring the world together for a month, and contribute to soccer/football's development in the region), but boy, have i changed my mind after all these countless reports and videos. 

this is simply atrocious. the world cup really should have gone to australia (which was my first choice anyway).
meanwhile in the u.s: nobody clicked the link. 
i thought the game was even more boring than usual. i had no rooting interest. it wasn't east vs. west, and i couldn't even pick the team with players from my team because there was an equal number of them on both teams.
at first glance it's much more than an attempt to humiliate divers. they look at controversial calls and [no calls](http://thedivingboard.org/2011/01/26/rafael-on-luke-varney-blackpool-vs-man-u/) as well, with the example of a blackpool player clearly being fouled in the box with no call--and no card for a dive, either.

looks more like a running conversation and evaluation of officiating to me.
i didn't figure he was terribly big -- he is a safety, after all...
would have loved to go to a wc in australia...
nobel peace prize &gt; money, sense, logic, fun, fans

fuck sepp blatter.
more scoring -&gt; more tattoos
usually the potus has the decency to take a helicopter most places.
essentially, the ncaa on a global scale.
good idea for a site, but 30sec ads before a 50sec video is annoying. 
upvote the shit out of this please. 

great story. 
problem, free throw shooter?
are you john gruden?
and we won't beat women in the streets for dressing appropriately for hot weather because some schizophrenic a thousand years ago thought it was wrong.
i found waldo.
its a great stadium for sure but for the world cup its too small. they were planning on using mostly nfl stadiums.
perfect answer
first rule of qatar, don't talk about qatar.
as an american and former soccer player and referee in my younger days i'll tell you that diving makes me sick.  soccer already has the reputation of being a sissy sport in the us and diving amplifies this reputation.
lol, propaganda. this will be sorted out when the world cup come round
a poor choice only if you are  dimwitted. all issues will be corrected. i don't see following local laws and customs a poor choice. quit whining 
just change the venue for the world cup already. its already posing so many problems, cultural and environmental. 

places with such strict and religious customs should not host international events such as the world cup... just one man's opinion
this shit makes me lulz hard. fucking awesome, seriously would distract me. but that cuz im no wizard.
well, in their defense, american "beer" is awful. 
i'm just gonna go ahead and say you are wrong.  i'll let other people explain about micro brews though.
my theory is that urban meyer really doesn't like to spend time with his family.  last year he retired, spent a couple days with the family, decided fuck that i'm just gonna go back and if i croak on the sideline so be it.  then after this season he retired to spend more time with his family, spent some more time with them and realized again how much they suck and decided to just get a comfy job.  now he's on the road all the time and in a low stress job like color analyst.  the meyer family must really not be fun to spend time with.  great job, urban!
headline has nothing to do with article. downvoted.
5'10" in the nfl is actually like 5'7", props to him.
why should a team have to pay a fine for what its fans do? unless they are somehow encouraging the low class taunting.
more tatoos = yuck
wat
sounds like you live in the usa.
while you can make this claim, realize that budweiser is what has and is going to be served in the stadiums, no matter what the country.  
hence the use of quotation marks. they're not serving microbrews, now are they?
while it's true that the country has only one genuine place to buy bottled liquor (and it requires a special visa pass from your employer), there are many places in the country to go sit down and buy a beer.  my friends and i had a layover in doha on our way to the most recent world cup and we went to a hotel and were able to drink all we wanted.  it was, however, 8 dollar beer night.
from what i've seen, qatar is an interesting place.
it shouldn't be hosting a world cup, though.
whoosh?
damn it.... i've been trying to be positive about it being in qatar after we (the us) lost it. get your shit together qatar geez! 
actually, quite a few stadiums in the states serve microbrews/specialty brews alongside normal pisswasser, although at a greater cost.
ohhhh, "decided against"  
  
well... carry on then.
and do you think they'll be sold at an international budweiser sponsored sports event?
too small.  a wc game at the horseshoe, on the other hand, would be amazing.
nice try, singapore.
nico rosberg. you heard it here first. 

(i really hope it's webber though)
or they'll just do what they did in the article above "deny! deny! deny!"
looks like a guy swinging a golf club to me.
no need against texas
you think the epl will allow that?
being able to play in the nfl must have a lot to do with how big your bones are.....or something.

bob sanders has a big heart too.....and could never stay healthy.
it is going to be very interesting to see how qatar 2022 pans out... if it even pans out at all. fifa being a global, non-elected administrative body is extremely susceptible to corruption as it has very few, if anyone at all, who can hold it to account. this story certainly does give the impression that it wasn't the qutaris event management skills that won them the world cup.
fuck yeah! seriously though, i once waited on herschel walker back in 1999. he ordered a ceaser salad and an iced tea. he didn't need a plate, silverware or a glass.

i tipped him $100.
australia has more beer, therefore we must have it.
budweiser would not be tolerated in australia under any circumstances.
i think we've banned it from entering our borders.

"no animals, plants or budweiser beer must enter australia"
the only 2 reasons why the england bid lost was: 

a) no petrodollar bribe money to give.
b) the bbc award-winning documentary series 'panorama' and many british newspapers released articles in the run up to the bid final showing fifa members requesting and taking $£€ for their votes. that pissed off the old cronies and that **** blatter.

must see - panorama: fifa's dirty secrets (at your local torrent dealer now!)
highlight - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pufakug56i&amp;feature=player_embedded
"problem texas?"

"no, we beat your ass"
espn got trolled!
oh for the love of god...i've tried countless beers from countries around the world, and i enjoy them all because they are beer. now if i could just receive a beer for each time i heard someone say "*(insert any country's name here)*'s 'beer' is awful."
why doesn't the mlb just make the first series at home for sf?
you'd be drunk. or a drunk. guys, i was going for the easy joke. but things like bud light and all the other light "beers" aren't really helping your case. ;)
[the whalers](http://www.sportslogos.net/images/logos/1/32/full/9zt534ipbfprlfs2vsqfugw41.gif)
football u yankie wankers
they really aren't. lots of these schools schedule teams like boise state. oklahoma has played tcu a lot in the last few years. there are so many games to be played, and lots of teams to be played.

the flip side of the coin is, and ones that the boise state pimps ignore, going through your conference beating most teams by 30+ points isn't impressive. they played oregon state (who ended up being marginal) and played vtech in non-conference. i don't know that you can point to the fact "teams don't play them" as an excuse. there is a reason why nevada only beat boston college by 7 in some throw-away bowl. 


i can hear voices!!!
na has a ton of microbrews, there's a market for it, much like cheap light beer. you forget we have a lot of underage drinkers in america. 
&gt;wow, qatar is worse than i thought. i hope they find a better venue for 2022, but i doubt they will.

ftfy
the reign man!
including kevin callabro.  tomahawk jam!
i believe texas' basketball team took all the karma from the football team this year.  hook 'em!
what news?
4 inches and 18 pounds of hair.
the brewers used to be so bad, i thought it said bm
it is such bullshit when someone quits to "spend time with their family."
craig anderson approves this message.
&gt; given the stakes, hitting .300 is, not surprisingly, a goal of paramount importance among players. how do we know this? pope and simonsohn looked at hitters batting .299 on the final day of each season from 1975 to 2009. one hit and the players could vault above the .300 mark. with a walk, however, they wouldn't be credited with an at-bat or a hit, so their average wouldn't budge. what did these .299 hitters do? they swung away. wildly. we looked at the same numbers and here's what we found. players hitting .300 walked 14.5 percent of the time and players hitting .298 walked 5.8 percent of the time, but in their final plate appearance of the season, players hitting .299 have never walked. in the last quarter century, no player hitting .299 has ever drawn a base on balls in his final plate appearance of the season. 
 
that's very interesting.  it's nothing i've ever thought of, but makes a ton of sense as to why it is.  

i have always liked the saying that even the best hitters fail 7 out of 10 times though.
you took it a little too seriously, dude. it wasn't *my* analogy, either.
i would care about this if the superbowl wasn't dominating my thoughts
always loved the h (for hartford) that forms out of the negative space in the middle.
cooler uniforms = more scoring, imo
i guess he paid a visit to wilson chandler's tattoo artist
wow... the dunk contest is going to be sick. 
hes a beast hes a dog hes a mother fuckin problem
thank fsm someone actually saw that. my hour of work to make the sign was worth it.
this just in: fosters is trash too.
fucking scumbag cops.  see, they're bad everywhere, not just new jersey.
i'd be having heart attacks too if i were the univ. of florida head coach and i just lost a bunch of games and had 25+ players arrested for 30+ incidents. at florida that's not how it works (losing games i mean)
wonder when pitchers will see these stats and throw junk to .299 hitters during final game.
how will qatar be able to deal with having 4 or so games per day? thousands of men and women at each stadium having to be coordinated.

at least the roayals can only be at one game at a time.
both espn and mlb asked the dodgers to do that but they said thanks but no thanks.
these surfboards will take you to the next level,regardless of how good you surf.epoxy surfboards and fiberglass surfboards, longboards, fish, hybrids, shortboards and more. if you want to save over other surf shops on surfboards and surf gear, look no further than this san diego surfboard shop.
in upvoting we trust
is that what the going price is for unfit strikers these days?
cherry pick of the night
lame
yep, and [unproven strikers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andy_carroll#liverpool) are right about at $56 million.
sounds like a right nightmare. i just wish the final was something like scotland v italy. see how those fans would have reacted.
proof: http://i.imgur.com/dugmr.jpg
inb4 butthurt english soccer fans.
yes i understand that. however if you continue to make the team then your scholarship should never go away. if you get cut your senior year, you have to pay for your senior year. losing a scholarship means that any remaining semesters (or quarters) are yours to pay for. there are kids that make the team every year yet lose their scholarships so that some freshman will go to the school. it happens all the time and the worse conference at it is the the sec. to use your analogy, these kids are making the grade, and then asked to pay for however long left they have in school so that some freshman coming in can have a year on scholarship. the fact that you are ok with it shows me that you feel the student athlete isn't really a student and just an athlete.  
i don't know if i should up you for delivering on the title; or down for passing an excellent troll opportunity by linking a pic with no troll face in it anywhere.
i'll decide after lunch, for now you are neutral.
that is not even remotely the same thing in intention or implementation.
i wouldn't be surprised if every olympic and world cup host was offering something under the table. it just appears as if fifa got bribed by the wrong people this time. 
oh god the second one nearly made me piss myself!
bullshit. they serve cheap beer everywhere that happens to be american. probably because its the best cheap beer, but there are thousands of good american beers. 
obviously no place is perfect, but its awfully ignorant to suggest that us citizens are oppressed, especially in light of all that is going on elsewhere in the world this very day.
*something something* lawrence taylor!
i had one beer once that was undrinkable. i don't remember what it was, but it was a pretty traumatic moment.
maybe per capita, but i doubt you have more overall beer. soccer (that's right, i said soccer) fans on the other hand...
you honestly think budweiser would be able to control the catering services at individual stadiums for this one event?  wow.
i'll see your theory and flip it back on you. maybe the meyer family is awesome, been having a blast by themselves for all these years, and having urban tag along throws 'em off their game. could be he acts like a coach and treats them like walk-ons, or maybe he's just annoying or tells bad jokes. so they get together, have a family meeting and say, "you gotta find another job man, because you ain't gonna be a part of this gang."
it's already on the english version: http://blogs.aljazeera.net/middle-east/2011/01/30/sweet-volley-and-sour-taste
the pne online community blog is a place for fans of the beloved preston north end to find out all the latest news, views, transfer gossip and match previews of pne online. http://pnefc-online.co.uk
i was expecting pudding.
fuck those power mad bastards!!! who do they think they are, gods?!?
well the scousers paid a tonne of money for andy carroll who is injured and let's face it with all of the trouble he has been in maybe they can handle him better that the geordies did. 
umm, when it comes to d1 football (depending on the school), yes, i most certainly do consider the "student-athlete" just an athlete. whether you like it or not, something you need to accept is that college football is the nfl minor leagues.

when you come to play at an elite football school, 9/10 (at least) your top priority and goal is to make it to the nfl, not to get a degree.  if that were not the case, then you wouldn't see so many juniors jump ship early. if you look at the schools that have the most oversigning and then look at the schools that are basically nfl pipelines, you'll be looking at a large percentage of the same schools.  yea, most sec schools do oversign, but they also have an obscene amount of draftees.
and because of this, there is increased competition, and if a player cannot hack it or slips down the list, they know what will happen. they know that if they don't meet the standards placed before them they will get cut - if anything, oversigning should be viewed as motivational tool.
bud light?
is anybody giving brandon jennings or serge a chance in this dunk contest against blake and javale mcgee? i hope they match the hype.
it does happen, but it is over a lot quicker than 20 minutes. when the potus was in my city a few years ago for a speech i was on my way to work and they chose to take a road that interescted the one i was traveling on. i had to wait 3-4 minutes max for the whole thing to be over.
edit - spelling
you can bet there would be some serious diplomatic repercussions.  no war, obviously, but if a nation has its citizens beaten, they would definitely have to apply some diplomatic pressure from the demands of their own populace.  what that would entail, i'm not entirely sure, but it certainly won't be good news for qatar.
does anyone have links to a video with a timestamp(not a label saying 30 minutes before the match), or any way to tell the time?  while i wouldn't be surprised if qatar did what was claimed i dislike taking such things on faith.
i think it was a cheapass bock. i bought it for like 2.50 a sixer.
to be fair, i'd need to look up budweiser-sponsored events to check if microbrews are prohibited. you may have a point, but i'm doubtful (but not outright rejecting the possibility) that microbrews are prohibited at those events. even if they aren't, the vast majority are probably going for the cheapest beer anyway though.
[here's a close up of it](http://i.imgur.com/wm0j8.gif)
this is the correct answer.
seems like we get a story about this right before every major sporting event. olympics, world cup, super bowl...and then nothing is heard about it again. it's almost like they're pulling these numbers out of their asses.
    you can't use your hands to touch the ball
    you can't use your hands to catch a fall

    you can't use your hands for anything at all!
the passing of the winter transfer window has seen a few new additions to this top 10 list, the huge sums of money that football clubs are willing to pay keeps rising and although the most recent transfer window has seen the top three stay the same there has been new entries in to fourth and eighth place, with both new entries taking place on a busy deadline day in the english premier league,

read more: http://sportales.com/soccer/top-10-most-expensive-football-transfer-fees/#ixzz1cj6cv5hf

hamilton: raw skill, aggression and unstoppable in a competetive car. 

button: chess player of race car drivers, smart and easy to underestimate in a competetive car. 

alonso: fiercely competetive, comparable to schumacher vs. d.hill days when schumi ran hill off the road to capture a title. with a less than competetive car he challenged the superior red bull chassis in 2k10. 

massa: overrated. ferrari should have dropped this guy after his accident, he's been unimpressive since then. sad though, used to be very good. 

vettel: hate to see him win, if he can stop making mistakes and running into people while (imho) showboating he could have had the title locked early on 2k10.

webber: needs to outqualify vettel. he has the pace and the skill, but with equally matched cars within his team he needs the qualification edge everytime. luck isnt enough. 

kubica: i'm looking forward to this guy's car being competetive. renault/lotus need to give this guy a fighting chance or he's going to another team. (why doesn't ferrari pick him up?)

field: look for rosberg as mentioned by trig65. it just depends on how competetive other cars are. virgin(brawn) did it a couple years back. but its going to take one hell of a car to bring someone into contention with the cars developed this year, its also going to take a hellacious development team to keep that car on top. i dont think the field will take more than one or two poles/wins this season. my hope is that renault/lotus will bring a competetive car to make it a four team run. (mclaren, ferrari, red bull, renault/lotus)
jennings is out and demar derozan is replacing him, no one has a chance really. 
i don't think the "sissy sport" reputation is because of the diving. most haters haven't even seen a single game of soccer, much less the diving, to have the hate/dislike that they do. nba has plenty of diving. i admire players who don't dive at all and keep going even when they're fouled. good example: lionel messi
we get it... you're british... congratulations.
[sad troll face](http://ragecomic.appspot.com/packs/troll/images/sadtroll.png)
you're awesome. we should hang out
not even a football fan and this is one of my favorite sports memories.
that truly was an amazing 4th quarter and i say that as a patriots' fan. 
read up and enjoy?

read what?
you sir, are a gentleman and a scholar.
one of the most exciting couple of seconds iv seen in any sport.
joke's on you bro. hook 'em horns.
that was pretty sweet but all i could understand was omelette du frommage...
.80:1

my yao ming ratio is .76:1

so you're like 4'6''?
go back to 4chan. #21 was a human, needlessly gunned down in his own home protecting [his family](http://images.hogshaven.com/images/admin/seanbaby.jpg).
lmfao @ liverpudians.
suck it brady: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbcgb8ddpdm
javale could be pretty cool....
the distance shot buzzer beater was nice, no doubt. but the real gem from this is the play before it. the long down court pass that was passed again, one handed, in mid-air, for the perfect layup feed. absolutely magnificent play.
why is she being interviewed? last time i checked she was a news reporter...
terrible defense. 
does that say "ot 4" as in the fourth overtime, and the final score is 76-74?  
the rest of the game must have sucked.
of this generation, i have to put my money on super bowl xxxiv rams vs. titans as the best. though eli manning somehow getting away from three patriots was something special.
"qt 4"
i think that says 4 qt, qt for quarter.
qt for quarter or the french equivalent maybe.
big ben doesn't pay for it....he takes it, willingly or unwillingly.
european basketball, at least the highlights that i've seen on youtube, reminds me of collegiate basketball here in the us: fewer timeouts, fewer fouls, and possibly more parity. if those last few seconds of the game were played out in the nba, we might have seen 2+ timeouts and over 4 minutes of commercials before the end. like the ncaa tournament, i love the last seconds of a basketball game being played out so quickly, not allowing us to process what just happened until the clock hits 0:00.

edit: parity.
it's the irony of super bowl media day. it's not really so much about discussing football as it is about getting headlines. she's a headline and is there as much for what she wears and to be looked at as she is to get any specific info from anyone.
boom boom. 
hahaha thank you
agh! an aggie! hide the goats!
you don't hear anything about it again because it's not good publicity for any of those events. it's not like the nfl is going to advertise the fact that the super bowl is a magnet for prostitution. 
i'll admit i haven't seen him much. 
you mean *magnifique!*
c'est incroyable!
i fucking love the onion.
i was noticing how nice that pass was too. even more impressive when you consider the conditions. reminds me of this pass i once saw in a pick up game i was playing. loose ball rolling towards mid-court with two guys running it down. the one guy gets there first and instead of just diving on it somehow manages to scoop it up, spin, and flick the ball behind himself in one smooth motion. lands neatly in the hands of his teammate who's taking off for the other rim. game. 
two passes that would have easily been deflected or stolen in the nba.  still an awesome play though.
try watching sports center. this kind of stuff happens in american sports all the time.
that's my favorite thing about college basketball. it flows a whole lot faster. refs don't kowtow to the demands of the players for fouls and just let them play it out. lot less timeouts too. most coaches don't even call first half timeouts if they can avoid it. i watched my team play a game in a little over an hour last week. same game would have taken three hours in the nba.
they had the same rumor back in 2006 in germany, it caused an outrage. germans, not allowed to drink german beer? not on our watch. they switched to bitburger and everybody was happy.

[source in german.](http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/0,1518,333848,00.html)
yeah, this was a better actual game. the other game wasn't memorable until the very end, and most of its significance comes from the 18-1 team.
that is, if any considerable amount of people even show up. 
those uniforms.  oh god, my eyes.
talk about buying high and selling low.  the lehman way.
this is what would happen if the knicks played themselves. missed clutch freethrows, unstoppable scoring &amp; no defense.
after the way everyone involved in the kovalchuk saga conducted themselves, i would definitely put his sub-par performance under "best" of this year. 
those french have a word for *everything*
[ok this is starting to become true](http://sportingblues.blogspot.com/2011/01/blake-griffins-roommate-is-sick-of.html)
i dont want to and cant believe you...pics or it didnt happen!
nice rebound and outlet
i'm more amazed by how well ray romano can speak french.
[he's nasty](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmwk472wpnu&amp;feature=related)
they better not move the god damn team.  i know it's been hard to fill the place here in nj, but the team's winning history is here.  i'd hate for nj to lose hockey!
final four baby!
where does the nfl come in to it? how about a follow-up article pointing out the rise in prostitution arrests (with a focus on underage prostitutes) the week of the super bowl?
i'm with you buddy,  hockey is huge in nj.
proof?
i don't think urban could ever stay away but for the analyst shows all he has to do is drive to campus, 15 minutes from his house, and sit for 20 minutes. even when he does a game in person it will only be one, maybe two days away. 

while coaching it was public knowledge around campus he was sleeping in his office some nights and if not that leaving after 10 and arriving before 6, i think it was the campus newspaper that tried to spend a week with him.

i think this will let him get his fill of football and still be a great family man. also this will stop him from being tempted to take another job this or next year so he will stay close to the gators.
yeah but i'm french and the comments sound terrible. i don't know if it's a matter of habit but this kind of intonation is wrong unless its in english.
nothing like watching f-league players not play defense and make wacky shots in a game that doesn't matter.
a friend of mine told me that the sonics are returning to seattle and that charlie sheen is in favor of monogamous relationships. 
i think we have different definitions of "official"
they won on a tres.
go packers!!
what kind of man wears shorts? ugh. i do like the troll face, though. 
how would this affect the superbowl in indianapolis? would they miss out and not be given the chance to host it the next year?
or better yet he should come out of retirement just to make that moment happen. but then of course you will have superstars such as lebron and dwade lining up to do the same thing and shawn bradley can only get dunked on so much. what we really need is another 7'4" mormon with the defensive potential of a sheet of construction paper. pity that such a player has yet to fill this role in his absense. 
that has much less to do with religion than it does with politicians wanting to look tough on crime and a profit driven prison system.
in a thread about soccer corruption. 

come the fuck on, seriously? 
[this might help](http://www.jamesvandermemes.com)
looks an awful lot like the nascar of ball sports to me.
i do too, but i prefer their satire better when it's so close to being true that i end up laughing and crying at the same time.
&gt; child welfare advocates and the airline industry are collaborating to spot potential victims 

this can't possibly go wrong. . .
did that same friend tell you that floyd mayweather really wants to fight manny pacquiao?
which brings me to my next point: don't smoke crack.
ooh la la la la la la la la!
it's pretty rare that an nba game is 3 hours.  they are usually a little over 2 hours.
parody?
did you get that bedding from target?? 
they only picked qatar because it is alphabetically  next to the us. that way they could show clintons dissapointed face while cutting to the smiling random quataris who probably thought they were there for funsiies

i have said from day 1 that fifa picked qatar to fuck with the united states.

the event will be a disaster. 
how can one be so sure?  
i don't think by one series of plays you can call all french ball amazing.  that being said, it was pretty awesome sequence.

when the guy made the layup, i thought, "yeah that was awesome....wait, there's still time on the clock...half court buzzer beater...sweet!
i actually thought this was real for a second, until i read that it linked to the onion.  always a sign of good satire.
parity
c'est incroyable!!
extraordinaire!
&gt; david tyree  
  
fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
so, simmons asks someone to do this and you just turn around and ask reddit?
held held held held held  
  
four blatnant holds on the play by the giants offensive line!  not that i'm bitter or anything...
because the blacks over here have an extra bone in their legs.
regardless if you end up being correct.  a friend texting/calling you saying its happening isn't "official," unless your friend happens to be roger goodell.
i thought the same thing at first, its hard to read the letter with the crap quality.

but regardless this is a low scoring game. ncaa basketball games average this score.
perhaps you will want to view tyreke evans' buzzer beater.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ep2dvmeuvj8
you know what they call a basketball quarter in france? tell 'em vincent.

"une période".

do you know why they call it "une période"?

because of the metric system?

check out the big brain on brett! you one smart motherfucker!
oh lalalalalala shuleeeer! le panier de la saison!
hopefully he can live up to the hype
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1un1yuihc0

oooooooh la la la la la la la laaaaaa
super bowl xxv, between buffalo and new york, was the best i've seen.  from whitney houston singing the star spangled banner to norwood missing the kick at the last second, this game was amazing.  

the next best i've seen was xxxiv between the rams and titans.  
ugh.

this is the guy that's been saying how he wants to make the devils "jersey's team" now he's up and leaving. 
am i the only one who thinks that the guy throwing the three pointer traveled? it's not 100% clear but i think he did.

look at the play from the 1:06 mark. you can clearly see that he doesn't make a full stop before shooting but he takes two steps so if he took one more before that, he traveled. you can see the end of a previous step from that camera but it's not clear if he had possession of the ball in that step or not. it sucks that there's only one camera but i think he traveled.
idk if they could, with the pru center just being built.
both the most amazing and most irrelevant buzzer beater of the season
you mind if i have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
maybe. might have been big lots or bb&amp;b.
but mlb makes the schedule... 
this is basketball. you're thinking handegg.

edit: yknow, cause of omelets.
yeah, the runtime is 2.5 hours for non-nationally televised games, which includes about 15 minutes of pregame chatter and 5 minutes or so of postgame talk.

nationally televised ones sometimes are longer because there is extended pregame and longer commercial breaks. to combat this, pause your dvr for about 30-40 minutes after the game starts. then let it play, and just fast forward through commercials. you'll usually catch up in the 4th quarter and then you can watch it live from there. or you can just change the channel during commercials.
how is the us' war on drugs relevant to the discussion but my comment, responding to yours, the ridiculously off topic one?
nope, there's a flurry of timeouts before they run a play.  and given the ball at half court.  it's quite lame.
tout?
it's hard to tell, but it looks like the guy that makes the game winner is the same dude that clanked both those fts. i could be wrong, though.

if it is, this is a prime example of why you can't ever get to high or low during a basketball game. so much can happen so quickly.
just a friendly reminder that the onion sports dome is on comedy central tonight. last week's episode with the boxer about to die in the ring was fucking hilarious.

challenge mode: after watching osd, turn on espn and see how seriously you can take their on-air personalities. i did this last week with a buddy (we were high) and we kept sitting there waiting for punchlines that never came. 
what is going on here?
so the basketball team is called the lakers and the football stadium is going to be called farmers?  because if there's one thing you think of when you think of los angeles, it's pristine lakes and quiet farming communities.
dexter's lab reference?
and it was probably made before the giants ever won the series. a 162 game schedule for every team takes quite a while to produce. i would imagine the dodgers front office already began planning for opening weekend and creating various events many teams have for opening weekend home games. 

the dodgers could flip-flop a series to make the banner raising happen, but being nice to the rival team from the same state who just won the world series probably isn't in their plans. 
that would be some bullshit.
one of the more depressing articles i've read this week...
that is correct.
you only get the ball at half court if that's close to where you called the timeout.  if you call the timeout immediately after the lay up, you get the ball underneath the basket.  


that would be awesome !
i liked the part where the other team's towel guy started beating people in rage.
i knew it was something.  just couldn't place it, though....
this is true.  i don't know what the downvotes are for.  oh wait, yes i do.
it's also probably because a lot of players in that league are college players who weren't good enough to go to the nba.
i actually like the name farmers field (although, the lack of punctuation/pluralization confuses me).

now i am rooting for the rams to relocate.
i've seen worse atrocities happen.

it always saddens me that nj doesn't support it's team.  even in a bad year like this, we should still be coming out.  hopefully this drama won't unfold after the sale.
trolololololololo panier du saison!
it's already set for new orleans in 2013 and ny/nj 2014...
that kid is diirty...anyone know what song is playing in the video???
do you see shit like that happen in the nba? no? do you see usa mens losing very often? no?
shuuuuuu!!!! representing vcu from richmond, va. this guy was great to watch in college. 
wish they would split the difference and sign a new contract.
they could move everyone back one year, or give indy the next open day (2015?)
ah see i was too lazy to actually determine you two were different
*incroyable!*
that really was terrible. those french defenders looked blitzed...
authorities believe the issue will be much larger this year than previously. an estimated 95% of the increase in the under age sex trade will be due solely to ben roethlisberger's presence at the super bowl.
san diego, jacksonville, minnesotta and st. louis are all posturing to move elsewhere, who will it be?
sacre vert et jaune!
the best part of that game was when some kid almost made a half-court shot for a gift card after sinking the free-throw and three-pointer way,way,way easier than the entire a&amp;m basketball team.  that about sums up how i felt about that game...
tteeeexxxaasss
the white team kicked it out of bounds to give them time to attend to their fallen player. usually, when this happens, the opposing team will inbound the ball and kick it back to the team that kicked it out as a sign of sportsmanship. instead, the blue player inbounded the ball, then immediately shot the ball. this is seen as 'dirty', or being a poor sport, so the blue team let the white team score to even it up.
hey guys maybe they'll play everything in indiana.

\#nottransparentenough
it will happen. some heavy-hitting ad people would probably step in with bribes and funds to make a deal go through.  gotta keep those bud lights flying off the shelf... 
wasn't all this after a guy from the white team basically tackled his opponent to get the ball and nothing was called?
i was searching through that picture and started to think you were just trolling me, but then i saw the face :]
at first that's what i thought he was talking about. "holy *shit*, what a break," shortly to be followed by only "what the *fuck* did i just see?"
fort worth might, though.
unless it was against the knicks.
buzzer beaters are fucking stupid.
you had seymour on your team, anything the oline did was justiied.
i keep hoping mark cuban will swoop in and buy the whole league or something.
have you checked since she started turning herself into a spectacle by proposing marriage to quarterbacks in a bridal gown?
basketball in france is actually pretty amazing until you compare it to basketball in the us.

ftfy
edit: dude's right. http://atdhenet.tv/ is the real link to the new atdhe
they are all making shitloads of money, owners and players, just play the game.  if the owners aren't making enough money, leave, find something that will. for the players, you know the risks, if you don't want to accept the risks, get the fuck out. you will make enough to cover your life insurance.  military members don't get lifetime life insurance or anywhere near the salary nfl players do, and their jobs can be a lot more dangerous than the nfl. 
[another pic/short interview](http://www.steelersdepot.com/2010/10/hines-ward-wearing-troy-polamalu-hair-wig/)
no thank you.
no it's not "official." when they *officially* announce it... then it will be "official."

in the meantime start reading your dictionary. 
hahaha exactly my thoughts, this is like watching a buzzer beater in some irrelevant college game.
yeah i noticed a few english-derived expressions creeping in, like mvp, "shooteur"...
a few saturday's a year is nothing compared to the 12-month, 52-week,  365-days-a-year of recruiting grind he was doing at florida. 
&gt;what we really need is another 7'4" mormon with the defensive potential of a sheet of construction paper. 

hey, why do you have to be so offensive to construction paper?
what do you think roethlisberger will pick up first? his 3rd ring or his 3rd public accusation of rape?
fun fact, this happened in the future.... from the youtube description:

french league, round 16. february 29, 2011.
i'm surprised it lasted as long as it did.  too many people knew about it and blabbed about it.
thanks dhs for protecting us from free streams of sporting events.  
there is some inaccurate information here.  the players aren't happy with the current cba either.  their wants include: a long term healthcare provision, veterans want a rookie wage scale, less preseason games, larger active rosters and larger practice team rosters.

the owners want: more regular season games, a rookie wage scale, more cost certainty, a new cap, nhl-style escrow.
same guy who missed both free throws hit the game winner. redemption is sweet.
it is.  makes sense that both of his fts were long.
i am so tired of james harrison.
go steelers!!
strike that, the defensive potential of a dead nazi. there, now no one but dead nazis are offended!
mind me asking what you don't like about it? (i enjoy the song and i also know one of the guys in the band.)
should have just made the free throws. ribbit
favorite part: ooo la la laaaa!
steve martin reference?
the owners are correct here...the average nfl team costs $700 million.  using the packers $9 million as a base example, the packers are making 1.19% annually ($9m/$756m).  the return on investment of a risk free bond is [3.44%](http://finance.yahoo.com/q;_ylt=apejf.ycwlempeay.hfi5s67ywsa;_ylu=x3odmtfmbxj0ddrjbhbvcwm4bhnlywntyxjrzxrtdw1tyxj5sw5kawnlcwrzbgsdy2hhcnrmb3ixmhly?s=^tnx) annually.  therefore the packers should at least be making $26m a year (.0344 * $756m)...and that's assuming that owning the packers is a risk free investment, which it's not.  
shoootaaaah!
err... what kind of games *do* matter, then? this was a playoff game, and while the level of play obviously isn't going to be as high as the nba, for a large number of fans and for the players involved, i would say it very much does matter. 
"some 90 percent of runaways and children whose parents force them to leave home fall into the trade" 
no way that's correct.
the part between 0:01 and 3:06.

rap/rock or whatever that is doesn't do it for me. i'm sure your friend's a talented musician but that doesn't make me obligated to like his music (or be polite about it).
who the fuck says they have to make money? this is a business and not all are profitable. if owners can't turn a profit, they should get out of the business
i am sure they will be back up after super bowl.

http://www.ilemi.com/ will be replaced by http://80.67.12.51/ or http://www.ilemi.tv/

oh and there is also http://www.atdhe.fm/
okay. i was hoping for some constructive criticism i could relay to them, but no worries. if it's just not your cup of tea, it's not.
weird thing is that was the end of the third quarter.... crazy french ppl
me too. in my depressed state of mind, i wrote this... http://mwofweb.blogspot.com/2011/01/faith-is-hell-of-drug.html
did anyone else notice one of the guys in the green getting whipped after the win? happens around 0:41.
there's intangible value at stake here too. if a lockout extended into the season or killed it entirely, the league would shoot itself the same way mlb did in 1994 and the nhl in 2004-2005. both of those leagues lost goodwill from the fans, hard core and casual. i hope the nfl is smart enough to know that it shouldn't mess with fans' emotions. 
there are a lot of shortcomings to your argument...like the price simply being lower if you were actually correct.  one immediate real world example is the chicago blackhawks. 

the blackhawks were in the red for decades and actually didn't turn a profit until this season.  the owners used the team as a way to advertise their successful liquor distribution business, though.  so, the losses were basically just an advertising expense.  

don't like max?  i didn't mind him when he was on espn radio in ny.  he apparently got into a tiff with espn over them cutting down his hours because of colin cowherd, who as we all know is god-awful.  i watch/listen to boomer and carton and now and enjoy it much more.  
i feel so much safer now that this domain has been seized!

but seriously, this sucks. used to watch lots of sports from it. also hopefully the new link posted above lasts a while.
i am a huge football fan, it is the only sport that where i watch most of the regular season games, but frankly i would like there to be a lockout in the (admittedly naive) hope that the the resultant fan rage could be effectively channeled to prevent the use of public money to build stadiums in the future.  if they can afford to willingly pass up hundreds of millions / billions in revenue to settle a labor dispute, they can build stadiums on their own dime.

although it is a relatively small cost compared to other forms of governmental corruption and waste, the infusion of billions in tax dollars to line the pockets of owners and inflate the salaries of pro athletes is maddening in principle.  it would be quite satisfying if, while these two groups cost fans a season b/c they are fighting over how big of a slice of the pie each receives, the taxpayers finally stood up for themselves and removed the chunk of the pie they contribute (which never should have been given in the first place).


must of been a slow soccer news day..
do they not have the technology to put the clock up on the screen? or am i just missing it?
the most impressive part about that video was one of his teammates who was jumping up to celebrate while it was still in midair, that's the best feeling in sports, when you know what happens next. 
wow, nice.
and it was the same guy who missed those 2 points!!

all planned.
thank you, department of justice. terrorism by sporting events has gotten way out of control.  /s  
and, boom goes the dynamite.
there's always= http://myp2p.eu/index.php?part=sports
the packers are a non profit  and operate differently from every other team in the league.   they are a terrible example to use if you are going to get into specifics.  even using them as an example of a league wide trend seems like a spurious connection to me.

as thegallopingghost said, the price of teams would decrease if their earnings were that bad. 

the fact that the owners refuse to disclose something that could instantly make their own case is very telling as well.
boo!


http://atdhe.net/ *gone*

http://www.ilemi.com/ *gone*

http://www.myp2pforum.eu/forum.php *still the best*

http://www.firstrow.net/sports/american-football.html *gone*





and at these nfl pipeline schools how many kids make it to the nfl, even for one year? face it d1-fbs has something like a 4% success rate in going pro in football. these kids are student-athletes. every so often you get the guys that are just made to be pros, but on an 85 man roster, 6 maybe 7 during an amazing year will go pro. think whatever you want, but not just a majority, but the vast majority don't go pro in football, even from football factory schools. these kids are there for school first, football second, no matter what you choose to believe.
damn!


http://atdhe.net/ *gone*

http://www.ilemi.com/ *gone*

http://www.myp2pforum.eu/forum.php *still up for now*

http://www.firstrow.net/sports/american-football.html *gone*
and at these nfl pipeline schools how many kids make it to the nfl, even for one year? face it d1-fbs has something like a 4% success rate in going pro in football. these kids are student-athletes. every so often you get the guys that are just made to be pros, but on an 85 man roster, 6 maybe 7 during an amazing year will go pro. think whatever you want, but not just a majority, but the vast majority don't go pro in football, even from football factory schools. these kids are there for school first, football second, no matter what you choose to believe.
at first i thought this was an attempted troll. im just blind
haha. regardless of how many actually make it, the vast majority have the aspirations of going pro. whether they make it or not is inconsequential in this regard. the point being that they enrolled in a particular college due to its football program, not its academics, in an effort to make it to the pros.  now if you can't see the why that is poignant, then you can't see the forest for the trees. 
fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu!  sounds just like minnesota!  stay vikings, stay!  i know nobody appreciates you, but you provide me the rollercoaster for my friends' emotions!
atdhe is reborn as atdhe.me
sounds like san diego is the favorite to move.
this is what tennis used to be like
i think the only way to compare is to compare the clutch performance of top nba players in the history of the nba.  even then, you also have to consider the caliber of players these top players are playing against when comparing stats.  kobe's 31% success rate for game winning shots is meaningless without some sort of comparison.  for example, a hall of fame baseball player could hit .310 for his career.  obviously different sports and different relation to stats but my point is the "low" percentage does not necessarily define failure.
apparently copyright violation is a threat to national security.
i get why the players are upset about a potential 18-game season, especially with injuries and concussions. but don't more games equal more pay? what about players who get injured and sit out the rest of the year? they still draw their paycheck according to their contract, right? 

on the owner side, if they aren't willing to open their books and be forthcoming, then how can they expect the players to negotiate in good faith? plus, many stadium owners, like jeffrey lurie in philadelphia, receive tax breaks and government grants to build eco-friendly devices in their buildings. i know it's a big risk for someone like jerry jones to build a massive stadium, but where is the demand for such excess? it seems like these owners are asking the players to sacrifice just so they can play in a big stadium fancier than the next guys.
http://imgur.com/bkmfd

if you're actually interested in seeing it...
terrorists!
i know that it is blatantly illegal but it was succesful because of a lack of alternatives. i'd rather see a game on my tv but often times a tv is not as accessible as a computer, or a game i wanna see is not on. i promise, you are not losing my business. it's only that if there was no atdhe, i would just end up not seeing these games at all! if these illegal websites can do it, i dont understand why the networks cant! just make all games available online and i will choose the legit source over the illegal one, i promise.
see music industry model for the past few decades.  this type of rigidness in their model causes alternatives to be created.
why not link to http://30fps.mocksession.com the original source of the image? http://30fps.mocksession.com/2011/01/31/2011-january-31-22-17-50/
a few too many swaps/repeated tricks for my liking, but should be sick in a few years once he develops style
time to finally get cable/satellite 
go movie trailers!
haha, good one!
thank you!
i mean come on this was totally necessary.

it's not as if we don't have issues with illegal immigration, weapon smuggling, the impending student loan bubble, the economic recession, corruption of the highest level of government, state debt, the floundering war on drugs, healthcare, and environmental issues. not to mention the dhs shouldn't even sweat the issues of terrorism facing our ports. 

i mean come on, we can't have these illegal streaming sites. they are what's destroying america!

come on now, usa usa usa
the best part is i'm sure a large chunk of users are watching out of market games that they can't even watch in the first place! (though i guess with all the major sports leagues offering full league packages now they do miss out on money there). not to mention the many international fans that use these websites too
i actually have to agree, fosters is trash. that is why you will find it very hard to find at any pub in australia :d
damn. firstrow.net and channelsurfing.net are also down. best sites for streaming games. 
i blame this on the dipshits who, every week, post "y'all i'm a huuuge green bay packerz fan and i just wanted to know where on the internet i can watch tv??" and the assholes who faithfully give them the information every damn time.

i would know, i'm a one time dipshit and a repeat asshole.
i was wondering about the rookie wage scale.  if both sides want it, i wonder why the article failed to mention it.
ever heard of taylor mays?
problem is that college students, like myself, don't have the money to spending on devils tickets, especially when even upstairs is $20. yeah it's cheap for most, but not everyone.

i know if i have the money when i'm graduated and, hopefully, in the job force i can buy season tickets to the devils. 
yes, there are timeouts, but these are the most ridiculous 35 seconds i've seen in any sport ever.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfurcv1fdpm
i feel for this kid, but from this story and one a couple weeks ago about the 'grey-shirting' of kids in the sec, i've come to the following conclusion. i'm ok with this. 

why is it that athletes are held in such higher regard than others? if a kid gets a scholarship based on academics, this scholarship is completely reliant upon his academic performance. if this person was to fail a class, then their scholarship would be put in jeopardy and possibly pulled. so why are we so surprised when others are held to this same standard? i, frankly, welcome this. it's about time we stop holding these players to unreal standards and stop treating them like heroes for being athletically gifted. 
is it down for everyone? it's up for me.
thanks, i was trying to watch the habs/caps game, much appreciated :d
very cool... i don't watch as much soccer as i should
that game and bengal 49ers ii are the two best i've seen.
it's not much of a point of contention, but the mechanics of a rookie wage scale that keeps time with inflation, revenue benchmarks and does so in a way that pleases both sides is a tricky thing to set up.
that's why it's so amazing. they broadcast the games from the future.
&gt;french league, round 16. **february 29, 2011.**

my god. 
yep, if there was a community that would be able to complete that kind of request, it'd be reddit.
my local sports teams broadcast rights are held solely by comcast. i know 1 person with comcast cable. :/
d-i has a 20 minute break for half time along with the under 16, under 12, under 8 and under 4 time outs, even if the game isn't on television.  assuming 90 second tv time outs (which is probably short), you're looking at 40 minutes of time on the clock plus 32 minutes of mandatory time outs.  so, the shortest possible game is about an hour and twelve minutes if there are no fouls, the ball never goes out of bounds, no one ever substitutes and teams break their huddles early during time outs.  
fuck that was the best sports streaming site on the web.  we watched most of the world cup by streaming that to my friend's tv... rip atdhe
most european leagues only allow two or three americans per team to keep their costs down.  
you should probably resubmit this with the link fixed.
what are you talking about, terrorism isn't involved in sporting events at... oh, that's sarcasm. i couldn't tell.
it's because of the .eu.  they can only seize american domains... i think.
all i could picture was the chef from the muppets
how many of these shots were desperation nearly half court shots?
yep, $100/mth makes you rich.

holy fuck! this guy can afford to spend $1200/year on something. he must be rolling in it!!!
that crunch time lineup for the rockets was yao, t-mac, andre barrett, reece gaines, and scott padgett. man, it's a tragedy they never had good roleplayers until t-mac got old.
gah! me too. i was like "bullshi - oh."
i can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not.
why would you dive on the ball in basketball?
same with channelsurfing.net

thanks for using my tax dollars to prevent me from watching hockey you bastards.

the most bullshit part about it is that you still get all the commercials, so realistically the networks shouldn't care.  only the cable companies care.
need a good hourly reminder that corporations run this country. the us doesn't disappoint!
or someone wants to watch something that isn't available in their area or country.  or someone wants to watch while they are at work and not near their tv.

plus, it's not really stealing since the advertisements are still broadcast. you're not stealing from the content provider.  the only person not making money is the cable company.  and yet, you're not using their content delivery service, so you're not really stealing from them.  you're choosing an alternative.

ya cunt!
good to see myp2p.eu is still up and running. that place kept me sane during the ncaa football season. channelsurfing was a nice fallback, but i guess i can still find some good random sports on veetle.
gig 'em, good sir!
obvious sarcasm. i spend more than that in dvds in a year.
super chouette!
this really doesn't solve it, since there are still out of market games that you can't watch with cable/satellite no matter what you purchase. this is just networks/cable companies being d-bags. i pay for just about every sports package i can yet i still can't catch a cleveland browns game on sunday if my life depended on it, atdhe gave me a chance to be a fan. 
it was a good sequence, even for an non-basketball fan like me. hoever the comments made it un palatable for me. i'm a quebecer and fthe french style commentary just ruined it for me.
those free throws were still completely gross.
i can't get directv where i live. i rent, it's against the rental contract. so, what should i do?

also, i find it annoying that i'd even have to buy satellite service anyway. the service isn't as good as cable (which i find hilarious that something can be *worse* than cable). and it's clearly possible for cable companies to offer the same packages, yet they don't, i find that extremely monopolistic. 
strikegently.com was also taken down a few days ago.
i love the internet!
al pacino's on the steelers staff? nice.
nice try directv
this is an imposter. atdhenet.tv is the way to go, from the original group.
looks like he used someone's head &amp; shoulders.
i think http://atdhenet.tv/ is legit
i don't have cable. the only reason i would consider it is for sports. the fact that the nfl season costs $300/season to stream on my computer (for 5 months or so) and there's not even an option for soccer games, makes it so i can't afford to watch the games i want to legally.

seems like it shouldn't be that difficult of a problem to find a solution for.
right, "cannot unreasonable restrict residents" in this case, it's not unreasonable. also, like i said in my edit, why should i have to switch to a lesser service just to get access to "sunday ticket".

quick edit: to clarify, look at the rule "the term "leased premises" does not include outside walls, roofs, window sills, common areas or air space beyond the edges of a balcony." 
there are soooo many articles i've read that i thought were real but ended up being from the onion. i call that being onion trolled. 
the team that nearly beat the pats in week 17 was by no means a "we're happy to be there".  the way the defensive line for the giants played that day was absolutely nothing like, "we're happy to be there."

it was a great game, but you are selling the giants skill and effort short, in an attempt to take a shot at the patriots.

23 was the best, joe montana last minute drive.
nice try directv public relations.
right, it's business that's screwing over the consumer and preventing me from getting a product. until the cable companies provide me a way to access my out of market teams, i will continue to look to things like atdhe. 
smart enough to not get drafted by the panthers too
channelsurfing.net gone
i didnt know that kim jong il is scottish... http://listverse.com/2010/05/30/top-10-crazy-facts-about-kim-jong-il/ 
college basketball games are almost always 1:40-2:00 hours long. 
yes, because the obvious thing to do when i can't access something that should cost me about 3 extra dollars a month (which most packages do) is move, which will set me back about 4 grand or buy a house which is next to impossible in the current city i live in. also, my landlord is not in violation, i don't have anywhere to put the damn thing (since i don't have a balcony (did you not read the law you linked to?) also, do you work for directv or something?
i think you are correct sir.
i think the comparison would be more like: a kid on an academic scholarship gets hospitalized through no fault of his own, can't take his final, fails a class, and then gets his scholarship revoked even though the school is aware of the situation.

it sucks because the kid was going to college. he was sure of it. all of a sudden it gets pulled out from under him because of an injury he suffered in the process of getting good enough to compete at the next level.
well, that's actually something i didn't know. so something good came out of this. thank you. 

edit: i checked in on this today, i'd still need to sign up for directv, which i can't (well i could, i just can't have a dish, so i'd be paying for nothing), so this is not really a solution. looks like it's bars or live streams for me. 
hahaha, i remember that list.  regardless of whether or not this is really kim jong il, i am still jealous.
awesome how this doesn't make me feel more safe or at home.
pixilation during stormy weather?
seriously, paying for ufc ppvs is perhaps the silliest thing in your whole post, unless you're hosting a big event.  

any pub worth their salt will have a license to broadcast it, and you pay the cost of a few beers to watch, while paying $80 for a private license to watch an event that isn't even guaranteed to be entertaining is just wasting money for the sake of it.
no one is making you pay for it. 
and by "protecting" you mean "forcing them to pick a new domain name, thus temporarily inconveniencing us". i mean seriously.. how much money was spent to make atdhe switch to a new domain name?
i watch top gear on there.  the good top gear.
jamal and i had class together at college in vcu! amazing seeing a video of him on my front page!
this is probably better for the kid, purdue has had a rash of knee injuries recently.
watching a streaming sports broadcast isn't like pirating a movie imo cause you still have to watch the shitty commercials anyway and you're still paying your telco for internet access. it's asinine.
firtsrow works at http://www.soccertvlive.net/ now
&gt;like an nfl game? sunday ticket on directv.

yes im going to order directv and have an entire satellite system installed im also going to pay $300 on top of their monthly service charge so i can watch football.

&gt;nice try. i loaded up an nfl stream once. it was an espn america feed and the commercials were in german or something.

ok? so?

&gt;so much stupidity here, i wouldn't even know where to begin to respond. quit trying to justify your theft and disregard for the law.

i really hope you're just trolling here.
rtjkjas
&gt;name one way cable is better than directv.

my service doesn't go out when it fucking rains.  also it's better because i can get fast internet over the same line, something directv can't do you stupid fuck.

&gt;better sound and picture quality

complete fucking bullshit.  everyone has digital now, you're an ass.

&gt;it's not monopolistic, it's business. have you called or written to your cable provider expressing desire for them to offer an nfl package?

no cable provider is allowed to offer the nfl package.  the nfl has an **exclusive agreement** with directv.  so yes actually it is extremely monopolistic.
dear gub'ment, stop fucking with the internets.
yep.
how does the piratebay.org keep it's dns intact? just curious.
i pay $60 a month to cox to watch sports in hd on my tv?

don't really understand how watching on my tv makes me civilized though......
kill yourself please.

&gt;i loaded up an nfl stream once.

clearly since you did it once that it how it **always** is, no exception.

always german commercials. always.
the nba's streaming package is absolute garbage.  any nationally televised games are blacked out, meaning you can watch all the games just so long as they're not generally the most interesting ones.  
how much better would the game be if the last 2 minutes were forced into moving at a faster pace with a 10 or 15 second shot clock and maybe allowing only one timeout.
paying for something that can be had easily for free is a common trait among stupid people.  i bet you pay for all your porn too. lol.

btw there is a difference between "stealing" and "copyright infringement"
trop mi-mi !
quiche du frommage!
explain how this relates to homeland security.
nba you get the ball at half court after a time out.
where's bill simmons when you need him?
addendum: http://www.rojadirecta.com (sports streaming site) has also been taken down. has anyone found any mirrors?
it's nice to know that pro basketball hasn't been ruined yet in some faraway land.
&gt;and? i get directv for my tv and cox cable for my internet. who gives a shit if it's over the same piece of coaxial cable?

it's easier and cheaper to pay for one service than to pay for 2.  you save money by bundling internet and tv.

but for a rich guy like yourself i guess saving money is irrelevant. 

&gt;the picture quality that comes from a directv receiver is noticeably better than the picture from those piece of shit motorola cable boxes.

sorry dude, it's all the same.  digital is digital.  they all use mpeg4 now.

&gt;also, directv has 1080p capabilities, your cable box does not.

directv does not broadcast 1080p, nobody does.  they offer it with movies thru on demand and yes cable can do exactly the same thing with their on demand. cox does.

do you really think bandwidth is higher with satellite than with fiber or coax? if you do you're a moron.

&gt;go back to your high school economics class and learn what a monopoly is. if the cable companies were willing to pony up the dough, they could get sunday ticket.

i'm done arguing here.  you're just really stupid and this is a waste of time.  it has nothing to do with "cable companies not ponying up the dough" you fucking imbecile.  directv has an **exclusive contract** until 2014.  understand what that means you fucking ape?  they do not allow any other providers to compete with direct tv.  time warner could say hey nfl we'll give u 60 billion dollars for sunday ticket and the nfl couldn't accept it because they already are in a contract with directv.

&gt;**currently, american satellite provider directv has exclusive rights to nfl sunday ticket in the united states until the contract expires at the end of the 2014-15 season.** prior to the nfl's latest television deal, other satellite and cable providers were allowed to bid on the rights to carry nfl sunday ticket if they agreed to carry the nfl network. however, directv still won exclusivity for the package, bidding over $700 million a year to do so. **this has long been one of directv's selling points to consumers, and thus likely explains the large premium they pay for the privilege.** still, the nfl has indicated that another reason they accepted directv's bid **was to limit the availability of the product** so that the television networks and especially their local affiliates would be protected.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nfl_sunday_ticket

you see that cocksucker?  they intentionally limited the availability of their product.  which is exactly what fucking monopolies do to corner a market.  fuck you. we're done here.

there is only one true top gear.
you should try being honest with yourself about how badly your getting ripped off and jerked around. chump.
after all...taylor mays is a safety.
don't you mean kermit the frog?
maybe the testosterone just comes from all the excited fans giving victory head.
seems like they only killed the main page, none of the subpages.  for instance, if you like top gear, [you can still watch it on atdhe.](http://atdhe.net/7509/watch-top-gear)
yeah, you can't prove someone wrong by starting with "this one time..."

ya cunt!
http://www.streamhub.tv/
your excitement worries me.
noted.
stephen a. smith reporting that stephen a. smith is awesome.
i know wth, man that was my favorite site.
stop trolling.  directv sucks dick.

honestly though i am jealous of your awesome debate skills.  i love the way you back up your point of view with citable facts.
man u have some quality arguments there
colin cowherd should be numbers 1-10, that guy redefines the word douche, and then jim rome should be number 11.
how would you have me do that?

i don't exactly feel like scanning in all my receipts from the last year.
that fuckin sucks. i miss the seinfeld reruns.
except in the case of copyright infringement, nothing is take.
it's worth pointing out that this will definitely happen to other kids too.  the difference being that purdue lets them know now while other conferences allow the kid to sign a letter of intent tomorrow and then be given this information in 6 months when his options are much more limited.
learn to read? you're implying people are too poor to afford the $1200 you spend in cable/satellite every year, so much so that they're jealous of you. it's as if you think you have to be in a position of extreme wealth in order to have $100/mth dedicated to cable/satellite. 

no one is jealous of your ability to afford $1200/year in cable. it's not rare, nor is it an extreme feat.

while you seem to think that all the shit services like atdhe offer are "readily available through legitimate means", please directly to a commercial-free feed of f1 races in 2011. i'd pick that service up in a heartbeat.

now if you'll excuse me, i'm going to go take advantage of my nhl gamecenter live streaming subscription ($20/mth for 8 months). jealous?
i get that they might raid a site like this for copyright infringement.  but why homeland security?  this looks like something out of a bad movie.  only it's real.
i read thru your comment history and you seem pretty reasonable and intelligent.  so what gives here? u drunk or something?
never miss another hab's game - http://www.2solitudes.com/articles/119/1/the-habs-online---montreal-canadiens-live-video-streaming-links.html
you can legally torrent it from [here](http://www.finalgear.com/shows/topgear/)
they black out so much, it makes me sad
all you need to understand is oooh la la la!!! wich means as much as wow, oh holy shit, amazing. it can also be used to flatter a woman, comment on a great meal - or comment basketball. so pretty useful. ;)
i hear it's wack.
i am pretty sure the photos are of mill avenue in tempe. 
so i've been using atdhe.net for ages and i never attempted to guess at what atdhe stood for. then i show it to my friend and he instantly says "all the damned hot entertainment".  is that what it stands for?
the problem the nfl has is that if they hold  a lockout, they are handing billions of dollars that typically go to them to other entertainment industries. just like what occurred to baseball during its lockouts, people generally do not change how much they spend on entertainment, and will find alternate forms of it when their preferred form is not available. also, just like baseball, the nfl would have a difficult time getting back that revenue once it handed it over.

i suspect both suspects will begrudgingly come to an agreement similar to what exists with some tweaks, since neither side can afford to have it happen. 
they just seized the domain name. you can still access the site through it's ip:

http://88.80.11.29/
didn't know this existed, i just used myp2p.eu.  thanks for the info dhs, now i can use atdhenet.tv!  &lt;3
this is the part that makes me rage. i paid for this; my government used my tax dollars to pay investigators and lawyers from no less than three agencies just to make atdhe.net start using a [new domain](http://atdhenet.tv). all of this in an utterly futile attempt to stop people from watching sports and tv that they wouldn't otherwise be able to. 

was there nothing more important they could have been doing?
that's not being run by the original owner(s). i believe it's atdhenet.tv now.
this happens all the time in australian football. after a goal is scored, the ball is returned to the centre of field to restart, but the ref always waits for the signal to proceed (indicated by a single flashing light from the broadcast box). you obviously don't see it at home, since you're watching the commercial, but at the game, you're seeing the ref and players stand there for anywhere up to about ten to fifteen seconds doing nothing. 
the better, american one.
that may very well be true, but larry the cable guy on the history channel, is probably the worst thing for the history channel.
homeland go snatch up some child porn sites! leave non porn sites alone. its not our fault the entertainment industry hasn't caught up with the demand.
[the data is here.](http://82games.com/gamewinningshots.htm)
til steven a uses reddit
video?
channelsurf.eu/ is up however
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;

i've been searching for one all day. the same architect did the saitama super arena in japan. it also transforms, but in a different way. and sadly i can't find video of it.
10 hawkeyes!  strength and conditioning seems to work...
it's still illegal to stream copywritten material. 
