if you are forced to work at gunpoint, then you'll have to fight our way out.  unless you live on north korea, cuba, or some parts of central africa, you probably  don't have that problem.
dude.





i know you.

maybe.
scientific progress goes boinc
you truly live a sheltered life.  people have mortgages to pay, cars and families to support.  they can't afford time without employment, and the market really isn't that good in most regions.  for the vast majority of people, quitting isn't a viable option.
ha!  we have an astroturfer!
he's an astroturfing rat, probably in the direct employ of microsoft's pr company.
downmod for astroturfing.
"anybody get more out of this than me?"

no.  it seems like a scam to me.
[here's](http://scitation.aip.org/getabs/servlet/getabsservlet?prog=normal&amp;id=plraan000079000003030303000001&amp;idtype=cvips&amp;gifs=yes) the source. next step is getting a working nand gate, i suppose.
&gt; &gt; y'know, if you want no one to sit next to you on a subway, all you have to do is just hang a piece of string out of your mouth.

&gt; huh? is this an insult in the planet your thetans are from? 

i got it from [the planet reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/8oku4/i_once_heard_that_if_you_want_no_one_to_sit_next/) where they thought it was mildly amusing. 

[see also here](http://showmeyourindies.com/indieflix/indieflix-blog/interview-with-alan-abel-and-his-daughterfilmmaker-jenny-abel/) humans did too.

sunlight.

you need sunlight.

something for vitamin d.
would would the other 1/10th of a corp do?
who will fund clinical trials?
woah there mister assumption man.  first off we don't know the capacity of the human brain.  sure we know that we can remember groups of seven very easily or that we know a few thousands words in vocabulary but we can't say our brains are x powerful.  secondly, intelligence is a tricky definition and does not have one clear answer.  i do agree however that circuits will be as widely available as candy.
not only collaborate, invite their friends that invite their friends until you own the restaurant!


i will bet you any amount between $1 and $1,000,000 that the masses will flock to this.  you are one of those people that should look up, it's all over your head.
the client actually caches them in case it can't contact the last.fm servers. so you shouldnt have lost any scrobbles :)
perfect.
a blueray player could cost $10 and be available across the street from me. i would still not be interested. 

* 90% of people's tvs are not high enough quality to show you the difference between br and dvd.
* br stifles creative innovation by making publishing out of reach to small studios.
* br has heavy drm that makes it impossible to back up your media.
* br stores more information on a smaller space, this makes it way more likely that a tiny scratch will make you media garbage.
* only a small selection of movies are available on br versus dvd. 
* a br writable drive is cost prohibitive to consumers(if you can even get one)
* writeable br discs are in the same boat as the drives.
* br movies cost way more than a dvd with very little reasoning other than sony royalties. in comparison, an external hd is less than half the price gb for gb.

i can go on, but i'd rather let some other people make points here. people who purchased br disc also purchased these items:

* monster cables
* denon ethernet cables
seems a bit like a sales pitch. fungus shares none of the unique properties of the internet.
how so? the system itself would never have to rest, eat, find a date, etc. if anything google has shown us distributed computing works exceptionally well. perhaps it would have problems communicating with us but this would be solved in time with faster internet connections.
the difference is that when dvd came out, people's tv were high enough quality to notice a difference. this is definitely not the case with br. br is almost stepping into the $600 audio cable market, "as an audiophile, i can hear the difference".
google is not a giant auto-associative neural network, and the principle of big table is vastly different from how a neural network works.
you'd think it would be an obvious feature, right? glad to see they've fixed it. i hear there's alot of other cool things coming down the pipe soon.
ah come on, it's an amusing coincidence, but it's naive to associate the uptime of a single server with the uptime of a complex, multi-faceted web site (though it hasn't stopped techcrunch trying). 

the uptime of a single machine is just amusing trivia. in fact, there's a lot of reason to argue that you *shouldn't* have an uptime that large, because it means you haven't been keeping up with security updates.
you're half right, its true we don't know exactly how our brains work.. we do however know enough to say that it would take a gigantic amount of computational power.
because there's no real evidence that they actually did hand over ip info?
based on a project being started?
please define the phrase in such a way that a fully-simulated human intellect doesn't qualify.
if you talk to libre.fm creator and reddit user [mattl](http://www.reddit.com/user/mattl), you'll find that there really isn't much animosity between libre.fm and last.fm. libre.fm is a free last.fm alternative that is still in its alpha stages, it's not like they're trying to destroy each other.  
yes. absolutely. i am a shameless materialist and i see no reason meat should be capable of computations silicon isn't.
no, it's not.
is that the sporest pun in the thread? or is this one?
(in b4 tl;dr)

if you take a consequentialist perspective like that (what benefits society the most), you have to weigh the monetary wealth of the inventor against the "wealth" (in productivity or whatever) that society would gain by having unrestricted access to the invention. patents grant monopolies to inventors over their inventions, and in most every cases a monopoly isn't going to end up distribute something as cheaply or as widely as an open market would, so in general, fewer people have access to new inventions when the inventor is allowed to completely control distribution. in most cases, i would expect the wealth gained by the inventor from his patent would be dwarfed by the wealth society is giving up by not having unrestricted access (assuming the invention is actually useful), though admittedly that can be hard to quantify.

of course, the counterargument is to take a property rights perspective, something like, "well, society as a whole benefits more from an organic farm than a suburban housing development, so are you proposing that we seize all suburban housing developments and replace them with organic farms?" and, of course, the difference is that real, physical property is different from "intellectual property", which is why the law makes a kind of compromise: patents have fixed, limited terms (copyrights, too, at least originally).

personally, i don't believe in the concept of intellectual property, but to the extent that the concept is a reaction against plagiarism, i'm sympathetic. plagiarism is repugnant, but at the same time, i don't think if we wiped away all intellectual property protections there would be a rash of plagiarism. people who pirate movies don't claim they created them, after all.

in the case of patentable inventions, it seems to me that someone who says or implies that they invented a certain product they're selling when they didn't is defrauding their customers. no need for special laws. on the other hand, if someone produces and distributes a product while giving full credit to the inventor (no plagiarism), they're going to succeed only if they can produce and distribute it more efficiently (more cheaply and widely) than the inventor can. so for the inventor to then try to force them to stop distributing the product, the inventor has to say, "everyone has to be forced to deal with my high prices and shortages because it was my idea." not cool.

what i haven't brought up is the idea that certain things would never be invented if the inventor didn't have an expectation of profit provided by intellectual property protection, either because of high r&amp;d costs or some other reason. it's hard to argue with that, because it's pretty much impossible to prove or disprove. in the same spirit, i could say that there's a huge set of inventions that aren't being invented right now because they involve some kind of infringing derivation of existing patented inventions. or what about the inventions that aren't being invented because some previous, patented invention is still so profitable? the patent system would seem to encourage inventors to look for a jackpot and then milk it for as long as they can rather than steadily improve technology.

drug companies are the standard example for the "wouldn't be invented" argument, because the costs of developing and testing a new drug are so high. i guess there's not a silver bullet for slaying that argument. all i can say is that we might be better off if drugs were being developed by people motivated by healing rather than profit, with research funded by charity, universities and perhaps industry coalitions rather than individual drug manufacturers working in secret. in that case, the drugs that did end up being invented would at least be beneficial and affordable.
duuude...humans are just a complex form of fungi...it all makes sense!
&gt;money shouldn't be the driving factor in the world.

you're right, it shouldn't.  but it is.  you should act based on how the world **is** if you want to save it, not how you'd *like it to be*.  ignoring reality won't help your cause.
i wonder if it's in connection to [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/8o9p9/linux_users_lastfm_users_i_wrote_a_post/)
you do know that you can dismiss recommendations, right?
i just have one thing to say to them..."prove it!"
pandora.com
&gt;if a user has to learn something to circumvent a shortcoming of your system

markdown is simpler than the alternative (html)
wave sounds like a lot of things, only all smashed together in an elegant way.
i have 60gb free.  just sayin'.
best of both worlds: http://pandorafm.real-ity.com/
&gt;people keep talking about the "see it as its typed". this is an option

about half of them seem to be whining that their workplace will 


a) adopt wave
b) disallow the 'draft' mode
i just moved and now my hd won't start.  it did once, but the heatsink came loose and the computer auto-shutdown from an over-heat.  the cpu seems fine now, but now i don't see my sata drives in my bios, and even though the bios sees my ide hd, it's not recognizing it as a boot disk.  however, the computer will boot from my xp disk.

fortunately, i have my linux box here, and i might run ubuntu on my windows box from a cd to see if i can't see any data, and i'm going to try pulling the drives to see if they still work and have data, but i don't want to cause any further damage.  i'm not sure if the problem is with the drives or the motherboard... could also be the mbr, but i have no clue.

any recommendations would be great, either for my problem or a place where i might find some answers.
by referencing skynet in your post, you have become the very thing you despise.  also, i clicked on this submission just to upvote the skynet comment(s).  i have no plans of reading the actual article.
somewhere in the comment section he says 

"also, my patents are using biological (mycological) methods to address new issues that are a consequence of or related to human activities. i am not patenting organisms, for the record. cheers ! paul"
the same people that are funding them now, but voluntarily rather than through taxes
i would prefer they reinvented the wheel.

if they can't create the system themselves then there is no way i am wasting my time with them. i like people to innovate and not just copy. the reason is that i see last.fm as eventually moving on to something better and libre.fm will always be on the tail-end.

i personally find it annoying that i can't use both last.fm and libre.fm at the same time, without wasting a tonne of time at installation.
i wonder what inspired this guy to invent; patent law, or magic mushrooms and his natural curiosity?
bravo. [slow golf clap]

&gt;and denies me a reasonable income by effectively stealing my work.

1) they aren't denying you any income. implement your invention, produce and market it yourself

2) they are not "stealing" your idea in the same way that someone steals physical property. using your idea does not deny you the ability to use it yourself

just consider the instance of a company inventing a cure for hiv where the idea is completely reverse-engineered and understood, yet other companies must sit by idly for 7 years or whatever, unable to decrease the price
ah, being a smart ass...

... and no one will have this thing running for 114 years anyway. it will yellowshift way before that and be useless after 10 years.
&gt;then what incentive is there for anyone to develop anything if they can't make money out of it?

why can't you make money off of your idea? because your implementation can't compete with competitors? *takes out his world's smallest violin*
&gt;i personally find it annoying that i can't use both last.fm and libre.fm at the same time, without wasting a tonne of time at installation.

you can use both at the same time -- or could, if players/plugins supported scrobbling to an arbitrary amount of domains. there's no "installation" of libre.fm, so i don't know what you're referring to there.

&gt;i would prefer they reinvented the wheel.

then you're the one not worth wasting time with.
if a guy with a rulebook produces the same output as a native chinese speaker and the guy with the rulebook isn't demonstrating a thought process in chinese, *neither is the native chinese speaker.*
yeah i made a similar comment last time this was posted on reddit.  i think he just made that word up.  it's not clear how or why it's supposed to be better than getting alcohol directly from other crops, particularly since the mushrooms are grown from corn.
cascade chiller failure?  been there, done that, got the t-shirt.  one tech passed out walking between racks.

could you elaborate please?
trials are paid for by drug companies, the fda only supervises them. without patents, as soon as the drug was proven to work (at a cost of hundreds of millions) another company could start manufacturing it and reaping the rewards without having had to pay the massive development costs. a guy in his garage can't make a cure for cancer and prove it is safe and efficacious. there are problems with the current system, but abolishing patents all together would be worse.
fun guy.
he was a little strange talking about that, yes. however, the filaments do share properties with our internet, or any network. the idea of a network being able to route around damage is nothing new to the internet.
badger badger badger badger...
if anyone is wondering, this guy is making obscure references to the dune universe and the game alpha centauri. quite the intellectual.
in linux there is no need to reboot for updates. if you get a kernel update there are still fancy ways of patching kernels live. 
&gt;if you are forced to work at gunpoint, then you'll have to fight our way out. unless you live on north korea, cuba, or some parts of central africa, you probably don't have that problem.

you're wrong. you can steal from people without pointing the gun at them (yourself).

i used to think exactly like you. in fact i'd still kind of like to see the same world you would. there are complicating factors that you're ignoring though.

think about how [competitive markets](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/competitive_market) actually work. barriers to entry are low. consumers have the freedom to buy or not buy.

sellers compete with each other and this drives innovation and greater efficiency. 

if we could have this set up it would be truly great! i sincerely hope that someday we can too.

the competitive market is an abstraction though. it doesn't ever exist in pure form and in many areas reality is so different that it is deadly to assume perfect competition exists.

you **must** keep this in mind: it is not in the best interests of sellers to work within a competitive market!

"*competition is a sin.*" -- john d. rockefeller

businessmen will actively work to make the markets they exist in non-competitive markets. they employ lobbyists to do [rent seeking](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rent_seeking), [regulatory capture](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulatory_capture), and to add [barriers to entry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barriers_to_entry). the fda is practically a wing of big pharma. 

in the real world people can't just walk away from things either. you're acting like every good has [perfectly elastic demand](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/price_elasticity_of_demand). that isn't the case. people **need** medicine to live and can be considered price takers. 

you have to ask yourself: do you really want people operating in non-competitive markets with no safety nets?
he wasn't patenting the fungi, he was patenting using the fungi for certain purposes.
there isn't mushroom in this thread for any more puns
oh, and *that's* okay?  
ted?
reddit?
fungi?
not all of them. some of them, while still interesting, seem to be contemporary jester shows of the elitists modern court.
i want a mushroom to rid my house of ants! where can i buy it?
that's a fair point, but my point still has this solution: improve the interface so that the user doesn't have to use markdown if they don't want to (e.g. include buttons for "make selected text italic", or "add url").  even better: add the buttons and switch to html.  many users already know html, so they don't have to learn anything new; those that don't either learn something useful elsewhere or use the buttons anyway.
they do due stress tests in which they exceed to normal operating environment in harshness. then they do the math for a decently accurate normal lifetime estimate.
bricks are radioactive too. along with your smoke detector and many other things around you.
from what i hear though, blu-ray adoption is more-or-less nil in europe and pretty low in japan, aside from recorders. a few successes in one market might not be enough for blu-ray.
download now!!
of course it is now being realized that it can be used as a replacement for many oil products so production will probably increase over the years.
does anyone know why it has to be simulated down to the molecule?

why isn't it enough to summarize the behaviors of a neuron? does that summary of a neuron actually take a super computer per neuron?
i came here with the sole intent to say "what is this linkbee bullshit?"
dude, that was fucking horrible...
 
you have really fucked up taste.
one of the first questions you can expect to be asked in the computer forensics field is: what exactly are you hoping to find on the hard drive? it is actually a difficult question to accurately respond to. the short answer would be “evidence”, but what that evidence is exactly, varies from case to case. it might be something as simple as a few stolen documents on the suspect’s c: drive, or it might be something much more subtle, such as a login record showing the suspect was on the computer at a certain time on a certain day.
if i see one more ted talk about saving the planet with some x i will shit myself.
i also do research in ai. while the results of this system could very well be interesting, i doubt strong ai will arise. i'd also love to be wrong.
it makes sense to me. people who can afford hd tv's and br players can afford to buy more movies.

meanwhile, people who cant afford those things and who would usually buy dvd's are more likely to be cutting back their spending right now.
citation needed.  seriously, "sentient"?
tl;dr. did you actually bother to check their site? they've changed markets more often than underpants, without ever actually releasing a product.
another of darth cheneys secret hideaways burns to the ground...
nor the riaa its legal letter material.
i wrote a few viruses as a challenge to myself. this was in the old com, exe virus days, where you had to add your program onto the end of a file, change the start of the file to jump to your virus. it was very interesting work. 

of course, they were never released into the wild, and never did anything more than display a message onto the screen anyway.
tempest?
i think he specifically said playstations and playstation 3s--leaving out playstation 2s--for this reason.
most modern hardware should have thermal protection, shouldn't be a big deal once the cooling gets straightened out.
i should have seen this coming. for those on reddit who are anal, i was not really serious. i was trying to point out how all these amazing discoveries always tend to have some significant environmental/health issue which we only realize decades later.
making and selling an expensive light bulb that lasts 100 years, would be financial suicide for a light bulb company. first you have to convince people to spend say $20 on some fancy bulb, then you never sell them another one.

in some cases it makes sense to make and sell long life, other times price point is the critical thing, you then work backwards to make it cheap enough to sell at that selling price.



ignoring the life or decay over time of ir led devices (which tend to be over driven in short bursts), was and is a big problem for lazy engineers. its something that will bite you hard after a time period when devices fail to work at range.

its something that the traffic light people hopefully take into consideration, they are keen on overdriving leds to make their perceived brightness larger, otherwise...

years ago i saw several new volvo double decker buses in the uk with very fancy led lamp clusters on their rears, complete with missing leds, vehicle electrics and sunlight (heat) do nasty things to unprotected electronic devices.
i love the part in ted talks where you kind of fire it up in a second window while you're continuing to surf reddit or what have you and the awesomeness slowly sinks in via osmosis until suddenly your eyes are glued to the presentation and your mouth is agape. that point happened right around the ant-killing thing which demonstrates a genuine understanding of the role of fungi on this planet.

it also gave me some sci-fi ideas ;)
jeff paul portal is a real business site offering internet business ideas, they got big setup and excellent after sales services.

&gt;reminds me of the anime "nausicaa of the valley of the wind" in which toxic fungus has taken a choke hold on the world and driven humans nearly to extinction. later, it's revealed that the fungus is not toxic, but rather is purifying the earth of toxins created by an earlier man-made apocalypse.

sounds like just about every futuristic anime movie ever made.
we don't know. that's part of why this isn't solved yet. we don't know how much information you need, and what you need to do with it, to simulate all the "important" parts of a neuron. and then there's the fact that a lot of what's going on in the brain is between neurons and requires additional modeling, and the fact that neurons aren't homogeneous (both in the sense that they're complicated internally and that there are many different kinds of neurons), and you see why the biological approach is so hard. it's a terribly headache-inducing approach, except we spent a few decades on the pure-math-and-algorithms approach and it plateaued around the time you realized you wanted to murder every piece of "voice-recognition" software ever developed.
and oled pixels of the same colour will not all fail at the same time, mtbf is about average failure times, some go before, some at, and some after the mtbf times. so a spotty uneven display which becomes annoying.
oh god.
i interpreted the sentence another way, but even if you take that interpretation, it's an invalid comparison -- first, the xbox *never* went up head-to-head against the ps, nor the ps3.

second, comparison is still invalid because he's talking about how sony has failed, when it quite clearly hasn't by discounting its biggest success. might as well say "microsoft has failed if you don't count windows!".

third, even the ps outsold both the xbox and x360, it too hitting 100m in sales, so your argument doesn't even make sense. even if you interpret his sentence another way, it's *still* wrong. 

we do know quite a bit.

we know how many neurons there are, how many connections between them and the amount of processing power required to implement a simulation of them. 

simulations of a rats neo cortex have been done by ibm already, the human auditory system has been reverse engineered and used to make artificial one (already in use as cameras in the uk that the listen for gunshots)

granted we don't necessarily know how much 'capacity' the resulting intelligence has, but if you have the same number of neurons as a human then it should have the same level of intelligence as one. what happens when you double it? we can see how many neurons a monkey has, a dolphin, dog, mouse, insect etc... and make a comparison. sure its hard to measure, but we aren't really trying to measure it.

we might not know exactly how many neurons are required to make a super human intelligence, maybe it requires an exponential number, or maybe its not even possible and after a number of neurons the mind becomes to complex to function efficiently. perhaps there is a limit at which point the mind splits into multiple ones although that would seem unlikely since the human mind is already distributed.

even if its not possible to make a single super human intelligence, making multiple very, very smart ais that work together towards a specific goal is likely to be much better than any human team.

i would argue that the whole of the human race is basically a distributed intelligence, just not a very efficient or focused one. also i don't see any real difference between multiple minds or a single big one, its just the implementation. neural networks are self organizing, if there is functionality that works better when split up, it should happen naturally. if consciousness is needed that should show up too, if it isn't then it probably won't.

as for the definition of intelligence, it doesn't matter, its just a word in a dictionary, what matters is the resulting neural network and its functionality, if its not 'intelligence' then we can just call it something else.
but still a row column driver circuit.

what happened to that comment? i assumed you deleted it because it is not here anymore and was a stupid question that was insanely easy to answer on your own. you're not winning any pissing contests by asking where you buy old stock. 

if you're such an expect, and not completely making shit up, why did you refer to 65mm film? why would you ask where to buy 8mm film? you still haven't addressed how everything you initially said is completely incorrect. i mean a significant portion of you've said here is literally unbelievable unless you live in some remote rural area. 

how is that hard to understand, and how does that warrant switching directly to insults? my theatre was no summer job and i did a hell of a lot more than work the floor in the place, so you can basically fuck off. i don't remember insulting your job, and i don't appreciate your high horse "i do post!" bullshit. 

if you're going to correct me, do it, but be correct. don't splatter the discussion all over the place. 
exactly how people used to cope with old and failing crts. adjust the colour gun controls.
i had a neighbour that bought a very large s/h elderly 60" plasma tv, picture quality was yuck.
helping him move it was not nice.

for a few hundred more than he paid for it, he could have bought a brand new crisp 47" lcd.

if we can blueshift it enough, we can get it to light speed ;)
i recently ordered some beneficial bacteria for my garden from that site. the stuff i ordered (mycogrow) had more species of bacteria and for a better price than other manufacturers and vendors. excellent price, selection, and fast shipping, too!
the le part will be, the d part as in diode will be vastly different tech.

or attract some hostile ones.
funny.  seems to be working fine.

edit: why am i downmodded.  i just clicked in, searched for david bowie, and played changes.  i've never played that song from this computer before.
high ambient temperatures in a test rig chamber does this. plus some math.
i'm not lichen the fact that we ran out...
edit: parent said "[citation needed]" and then deleted his/her post after being humiliated. is there a way reddit can delete the author's name off the post but keep the post there so that the discussion doesn't get all non-sensical?  
  
&gt; [citation needed]  
 

oh fuck off. you can only use [citation needed] when a simple google search *doesn't* turn up the result. otherwise you could freaking [citation needed] every goddamn sentence on the internet.  
  
http://www.google.com/search?q=update+kernel+without+rebooting  
  
the fact that linux updates reguarly without rebooting is common knowledge and i will not bother to cite that. updating the kernel without rebooting is a bit more special, hence the dozens of sources i just supplied you with.
&gt;the masses will flock to this

as not much has been developed for wave yet it's impossible to say what will happen. by virtue of it being a google product alone it'll get attention, but of course being a google product doesn't guarantee success. as it currently stands this is a technology answer that's waiting for a question.
is a citation actually needed? i don't think that this is a particularly controversial claim. 
yes. (a few of those drum midi's i don't recognize.)
good joke, horrible delivery.
move the drive to a similar machine. if it works you lost your controller, either buy an addon card or a new motherboard. if it fails buy a new hard drive.

what kind of system was it?
psilocybin fungi will save us.
when he says mitigated, i think he meant mediated.
the mushroom industry is plotting against me.
tone shifting them doesn't count...
i'll take that $10 player if you don't want it!

unfortunately unless sony goes bust bd are going to around for a while. i agree that drm, the price and the reduced range of discs on offer are all negatives.

however some of your points are not valid. people's tvs are nothing to do with bd. 
creative innovation needs a hd platform.
dvds hold more than a cdrom- do you use cds for backup?

i am surprised bd has reached 10% of "total packaged-media sales revenue." 

i think it's time to accept the inevitable - bluray is the only game in town. you have to accept that many people have enough money to enjoy the benefits. i won't be switching soon, but i will eventually - when it is better vale for money.

linux users look down on windows users for paying for their os. windows users look down on apple users for paying more for their os. apple users look down on everyone.

you pay your money (if you have it) and take your choice.  

mushroom mushroom
you just get the feeling he would love to walk around amongst 15 foot mushrooms.

the patent is really a non-issue. the questions are what does he plan to do with it in the next year or two, and what kind of energy density the ecola provides compared to conventional fuel.

haven't bought a player, let alone a single disk.  no plans.

guess i'm not a sheep.
yeah i agree. obviously some time in the future tvs/the entire home theatre experience are going to upgrade to really show off the abilities of larger storage medium. however i'm not so sure on the idea that video and 5.1 audio are going to really take advantage of the kind of capacity that will make it worth scrapping our current dvd media.

on this note, i'll directly use the same line of thought to answer your cd question. yes, i still use cd's to back things up that are the right size for a cd. lets say a style of mp3s or pictures. a regular gallery of photos(a pretend trip) is the right size to circulate to friends who were also on the trip. if i'm doing a movie, then a dvd is appropriate. anything larger than that, is harddrive territory. for that matter, who still uses optical media for backup storage? i see optical media as a medium strictly for sharing with friends. i strongly foresee digital distribution being the only competitive retail distribution method once out home theaters get a little more equipped. 

i myself use a htpc with rss torrent feeds for my television shows. the girlfriend cruises spots on the pirate bay from the remote and download movies she might like to see that night. not because i don't want to pay for them, but because of the convenience. i live in canada so our digital distribution methods kind of suck. ad to the fact that hd costs roughly $100 a month where i live for a small selection of channels in hd and it becomes clear why downloads are my only real option for getting my money out of this hdtv.

i guess what i'm saying is not that blueray is a bad idea, just that i see all optical media standards becoming a lot less useful over the next five years. why not jump on the standards bandwagon before everybody else?
no... i haven't gotten any spam at all... although there's some old stuff i should really unsubscribe to, but nothing i haven't asked for
&gt;include buttons  

and here we hit the cli vs gui debate that's been going on since guis have existed, which is even more important in webspace, more gui means more needs to be sent to the client.

&gt;many users already know html  

many users already know markdown.
those who don't will pick up markdown a lot faster than html.

iirc, the whole point of markdown is so that the intent of the formating is still evident without the formatting actually being applied, using html screws this up.

also, it would increase the amount of data to be transmitted from client to server (with so many users, increasing the average comment by 20-30 bytes could be significant)

i could totally see a well made wave take care of all of these issues...
this is old but for those who haven't heard it it's great. i love to play it on vent.  the people listening usually freak out and think their computers are crashing at the start. 
tanks
i mumble mumble..overlords
go away.
actually, i noticed over the past couple days i've been getting more actual spam in the inbox (along with my usual mailing list stuff).  i've been marking it spam but so far it keeps coming. 
this is the redirect url if one tries to get to 4chan:

http://wifiprint.(university_name).edu.au/restricted/?time=01/jun/2009:16:40:27 +1000&amp;id=0020410069&amp;client_ip=131.245.155.156&amp;user=-&amp;site=4chan.com&amp;uri=&amp;status_code=403&amp;decision_tag=block_webcat-defaultgroup&amp;url_cat=adult/sexually explicit&amp;wbrs=-&amp;dvs_verdict=-&amp;dvs_threatname=-

or is it just some prop. filter software? (if so, anyone know which one?)
i intend to cure cancer by networking as many computers as there are people with cancer in the world.  that way no one will be left out.
the problem with the idea that everyone will adopt br players en-mass is that most people when pressed can't tell much difference and for many movies even once someone has a br player it'll still not be worth buying the movie again if they already have a dvd. it'll play in the same device and the quality gap for br to dvd is much tighter than for dvd to vhs.

for most people, bluray is still just the fancy more expensive dvd that won't do much different from their dvd player since their ps3 is hooked up to their hdtv with a composite cable anyway.
loads of it today and yesterday. almost out of nowhere. 
no it doesn't. and it was good.
no.
nope
in a press release adobe has announced to launch, “...adobe® flash® player 10 and adobe air™ for arm powered® devices...” for windows mobile device. 
holy shit, i thought i was the only one. what do you think could be the problem?

edit: looks like lot's of people are having the same problem http://search.twitter.com/search?q=google+spam
yes.  without a doubt, over the last 7-10 days i started to see more and more.

edit:  maybe they are getting ready to offer "gmail premium" which includes spam filtering.
yep...i noticed it a few days ago. i wonder what's up with it? i got a spam email the other day wanting me to check my credit score with a generic link that wanted my info...yeah right!!!
good afternoon! services etiquette in kiev information there. sex men. i am pleased to welcome you to its website, prostitutes kiev - fish. you can visit my blog.
...and take bites out of them.
yeah me too. it's been hovering around 400-600 for the last year but just jumped up to 1081.
yeah, google is trying to gently nudge you towards the [new wave](http://wave.google.com/).
shit, wheres your lug?  i mean, i'm a bit frightened; but still intrigued.
yes. a ton more spam on gmail
it's not an assumption.
damn, who said twitter was good for nothing. search.twitter is truly the answer to any "i thought i was the only one" question.
sit in cubicles all day and push papers.
a fungus pun thread is among us.
my gmail account isn't published anywhere so i am rather amazed that it gets any email at all.  google does manage to capture about 10 spam a day (the usual obvious rolex/viagra etc) and about 1 a week gets through.

for my main mailbox on my own server spam has slowly been increasing.  the cause is that the spammers keep changing what they are doing and the main spamassassin rules only slowly change.  the [sare](http://www.rulesemporium.com) folks were very good but sadly have given up.
the muscara in my eyes is making it hard to read reddit's font.
this isn't a chocolate thread.
about 25% more spam in my 'spam' email spam box.

none landing in its inbox though.

private email addresses still get none.
i don't keep track of my spam folder, but about 10 spam messages have gotten into my inbox today which is unprecedented. the google support forums are blowin' up about this, too. 

i was able to block a lot of it by filtering "zeetracks.info" to trash.
i've noticed that i've stopped receiving those obscure "podmena traffica test" messages and started getting more spam in my inbox.
either way, i just installed tor :)
may the thetans in your body be released one day.

it must suck for them to be in such a stupid human.

you better get some money together to be saved. $scientology is the only religion who charges for their sermons.
i think they're preparing grounds for wave marketing...
no...
yeah. i have 5084 spams atm :/ not to mention a lot more spam has been getting through to my inbox.
a-10 warthogs.
skynet says yes
in the *inbox*?
i don't understand where they get my adress though. amazon won't give it away or would they?
is op being sarcastic?  you have to stretch the word "real" pretty hard for the title to work.
yeah, 8 in my inbox this morning.
edit: normally nothing gets through.
attachment.rtf open quickly
not really, my usually empty spam folder has a couple in today but i've never gotten spam through to the inbox.
haha, that is a great way of describing it.

there are a few i like - like yochai benkler's one on open source technology and stuff - still they should really get more controversial people like richard stallman.


not me, no extra spam. i think i had one two weeks ago, which was just a link. that was the last.
taxes? i mean we could split the government up into medicine, energy, environmental departments and then raise taxes and let them fund research - there's always the risk of a ussr style bureaucracy evolving though, but that could be mitigated by having a cabinet.

but that way people are working for the betterment of all humanity rather than for the profits of a corporation (as atm this sometimes leads to problems like the terminator seed)
same, i thought i had been signed up to random crap by a mate or something. just been reporting as much as i can to spam, so hopefully they sort it out.

not in my inbox, no... since june 22, 2004, when i started using it, i've received seven spam emails in my inbox. i know because its been so few. i get maybe one a year that somehow gets through the incredible filters.
yeah, the only problem is you take a risk in spending the time to develop something, probably getting into debt, and so if enough people fail then people will just stop taking those risks.

there isn't an easy solution under the current system.
these "people" you speak of are americans. i immigrated to us, and when i saw the cars people in us drive, houses they live in, and things they buy, i thought everyone was rich.  but then i learned that all of that was bought without actual money in hand.
more money you borrow, more enslaved you are.
canon keeps their workers standing up, but nobody said, what kind of workers they are (engineers, assembly or something else), also, how much do they make and how often do they take brakes.
whoa! i've had tons of spam, but only today is it actually bypassing the spam filter!
this headline -- and article -- is nonsense.

does nytimes.com get paid to promote apple products or something?

this works with *every* wifi device, not just cellphones, and certainly not with anything "built into every iphone"

**voted this story down for being ridiculous crap.**
yes in the last two days.

i've never had spam in the inbox and that is no lie. lots in the past few days.

has anyone else inadvertently purchased tickets on fandango?


same.
from 1 or so a week to 20 or so a day in the last 2 days. very annoying.
maybe someone out there has found the secret sauce recipe for the google spam algorithm?
to all gmail users:

don't just delete your spam emails like you would a normal, old email; make sure to **mark them as spam**! if we all do our part, the filter will improve quickly.
a forum dedicated to clean rooms? what the fuck?
as long as it's not a question like "i thought i was the only one with swine flu"...

http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=103562240
yep
[citation needed]
fortunately, no and i have a real hard case.   i have my own domain name and a spammer has been using it as a return address for a couple of years now, on average about 20k bounces a week. (where the spam failed, mailbox not found, i'm out of the office replies, etc).  my old isp couldn't handle the load and i switched to google apps for domains.  if it wasn't for gmail's filters the domain would be pretty unusable.

i haven't noticed any problems recently.   the catchall account gets 2-3 spams a day on average that slip through (mostly foreign language), my personal account has no spams at all in the inbox (and 5k in the spam box).  i recently purged the catchall spam box a couple weeks ago but it's back up to 60k.

i &lt;3 gmail, if they ever start charging i'll be the first one there with my checkbook out.
i'm surprised to see a little microsoft logo down the bottom after that add

the company who made it for ms probably had to argue not to have a huge microsoft logo with annoying music at the end of it 
soooo... will they soon start using gps-enabled cellphones to send information back to apple/skyhook about what wifi/celltowers are available at a given gps location?  could they just tuck that away in an eula?  it must be tempting when you consider how expensive sending cars around must be.
here's a question for you:  how often do you check your inbox?

i check mine multiple times an hour most of the day (have multiple work email accounts i access via goog); the wife only checks hers once a day most-often.  she receives far less spam in the inbox; my theory was, when you hit 'report spam' button, it looks at the # of folks doing so for the same email then removes it from everyone's inbox after a threshold has been met.  the reason i see so much more is simply because i catch it before the filters have enough people marking it as spam.

i usually get 5-10 pieces of spam a week in my inbox; two or three are directly to my gmail account, the rest to other addresses feeding into the gmail account.

just curious - thanks!
if by extra you mean one then yes...
yes. just this week i've been receiving about 10 spam emails a day in my regular inbox. it's pretty annoying.
yyyyeah...that's the point of the chinese room.
yes. i am getting a ton more spam on gmail recently.
i get 17,000 spam emails a day. (well it was a test to see how much spam i could get). thankfully its not a main account or anything. 

edit: you guys may be asking why i did this specifically, well to tell you the truth,i used to play alot of online games and there would also be some random arsehole, so i'd just get an alias account to ask for his email, then i just use google's forwarding service, pop in their email and come back the next day. i usually get many error messages. 


much less.  the spambox had been in the 3-4000 range, i see today i've got 166 going back six weeks.  inbox i get about one a month.
i want to hear what james randi has to say about this.
at least we might start spending a fraction of the money we currently spend on baldness cures on killers like malaria. anti-big-government types won't think much of this though.
yup, spam started coming in inbox for a few days now... :/
[disk striping](http://searchstorage.techtarget.com/sdefinition/0,,sid5_gci214478,00.html "obviously, not what you were thinking of...")
yeah, well they are right it wouldn't work with the current government and electoral ssytems - but we really need a government that puts science and technology above all else, making it accessible to as many citizens as possible and greatly increasing funding.
i was just sitting here thinking it's been a relatively quiet email day, then my google docs username disconnected from pidgin and i got like 3 spam mails.  opened up my email in my browser and some of my clients email had gone into my spam folder.  something's askew.
spam box usually sat around 800 (auto deleted after 30 days) now it's over 2000!
yes! wtf is going on?
i thought this was on the tweet by last.fm about their outage.
yup, they've started slipping through the filters...
that shouldn't be the case, the filters gmail use are most probably [bayesian](http://www.paulgraham.com/spam.html) filters based on what everyone else is marking as spam, so if the filter is working correctly the spam should never reach your inbox to be deleted. i think the most likely explanation is that google have been editing their filter and something cocked up slightly and allowed a bit of spam through
crazy.  i thought it was something i did wrong.  glad to see other people are going through the same hell.  i'm only getting about 5-6 spam mails a day in my inbox, but it used to be no more than 1 or 2.
i've been getting spammed a lot recently too. it's going straight in to my inbox and not the spam folder. five spam emails in one day. i don't even get that a year.
i don't have my address published anywhere either.
http://imgur.com/nd4mj.png

gmail is free, so not i'm not complaining anyway.
i'm getting about the same amount in my spam folder but i have also noticed a few now getting by the spam filters and making their way into my inbox recently.
more disconcerting however are the bogus google alerts i have been getting over the last 9 months or so.  they look legit but when i click on them, my antivirus program warns me that the link is tainted.  this is known exploit that google has identified but has yet been unsucessful in stopping.


you are doing something wrong... that's a lot for gmail. i get one, maybe two every couple of weeks.
yes, i am.. several in the past few hours actually. a few months ago i was averaging 10-20 uncaught spams per month. now 350/month. :(
always have, always will.
well, as long as it's not over 9000, we're ok
probably the 30-day rolling count in the spam folder. mine is up to 4300, usually hovering around 1500.
my blackberry email is my gmail address. i don't receive much email to that address. usually i get no spam in the inbox. i was getting several per day the last week. i mark them all as spam. yesterday was all clear. i'm not worried. 
coincidence that this corresponds with the wave launch?
me too. plus, i checked inside my spam box and found a bunch of false positives. including an invitation to a party via facebook and notification from my host that my website had been hacked.

which makes all of the spam i am getting (penis enlargement shit) even more ridiculous.
i'm perplexed (and quite pleased) to be able to say no.  

i do get junk mail, but it's always from sources to which i know i've signed up.
on april 22, a google employee [acknowledged the problem](http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/gmail/thread?tid=60eda5b723e1b393) in a gmail support forum thread in which 65 other people have complained (including several recently). i wonder what's going on.
nah, no spam in my inbox, only a whole lot more in spam folder....
a few more a couple weeks ago but seem to be ok at the moment.
hrm, i just noticed that on may 5 in that thread, the google employee posted that the problem has been resolved.
yep. actually been getting so much over the past two weeks that gmail is doing worse than the barracuda anti-spam boxes we have at work and they are just a rollup of spamassassian in a pretty web gui...

you'd think with google's massive baysianfu they would be able to do better.

its bad enough that i'm considering going back to hosting my own mail...
nope.
&gt; and the 360 was 100 dollars cheaper at launch a year before the competition. 

the great majority of xbox 360s sell for $300. a larger number of elites are sold than zunes.  the "average" price for a xbox 360 was released, and it was &gt; the price of pro.
it's true though, it _is_ built into every iphone because it's one of the default methods the iphone has for geolocation, and skyhook gets a commission on each one sold.

the bulk of the story is about skyhook, and nothing to do with the iphone, which is just used to illustrate the use of the technology and the recent success of the company.

don't be so anal...
&gt;including an invitation to a party via facebook

no, that was spam...
i dont usually notice what mines at.  but i just looked and im at 12,361...

i sure hope that's more than usual.

but i've also noticed significantly more landing in my inbox.  (yes i mark them as spam.)
it's just another way for someone to make money off of other people's work.

the people at [jolt media group](http://www.reddit.com/r/web_design/comments/8j0ol/jolt_media_group_is_advertising_on_your_site_link/) use it to hijack web traffic and show ads to people trying to get to your website.

since there seems to be a rash of these links on reddit in the last day or so, i hope people figure out what it is and shame it to a stop pretty soon.

probably not though...
i think you mean attachment.rtf.exe
gmail, no, yahoo, good gosh yes.
...from your mother... yes, to 'that' kind of party ;-)
can't you use [spf](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sender_policy_framework)?
searches for free music downloads, lyrics, or screensavers are most likely to lead to adware or malware laden sites, says mcafee report 
as a canadian, i find your suggestion very silly
yeah, i have.  i signed up for some freelancing websites and the next morning, i had a shed load of spam that passed the filter.  i'd say i've been getting a moderate amount of spam for the past two days.

i assumed it was to do with those sites - this thread puts my mind at rest though, to know other people are in the same boat.
**this story, marked with a + is weekend entertainment content only and should not to be considered factual**

its a joke.  sheesh, you people.
i see too much vaporwear for us to need to be worried. that doesn't mean stop watching, or stop worrying, but i don't see it coming from these folks.
i'm surprised no one has mentioned the common thread on all of them: they are all a shared google doc or site.  google is having a hard time figuring out how to block spam coming from its own "trusted sites".
they're not trying to be original or clever. skynet is a convenient shorthand for "strong ai gone wrong," and i don't give a damn if it looks silly, if strong ai is on the table at all (fortunately i don't think it is here) the possibility that it will go wrong is and should be the first thing we concern ourselves with.
spf is a bit of a lame duck. 
i think it those kids down the street!
i don't know if i am necessarily getting *more* spam but there is a shitload not being caught by the filter any more. i got 12 today that were not caught, which is huge for gmail. and they were all obvious spams, none of the crafty ones that sometimes sneak through.

what up gmail?
actually, good call. 
intergalactic haters?  fools better not try to step up.
i don't get any mail at all ;(
yep, that's the only thing i use it for. if aim is not connecting for example i take a look on twitter and bam, i know it's a system wide outage.

so thank you all the retards who twitter "omigod my aim is down so i can't talk to brittney soooooooooo annoying!!"
yeah, i still like the original [windows noises](http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/noises) better. 

made with nothing but the sounds in win98, sound recorder and flash.
semper fi.
it started a few weeks ago for me..but it wasn't a lot more, just a few a month in my inbox as opposed to the usual zero.
inbox getting hit with about 10 /day. spam folder 7981.  and i was blaming the whole thing only livemocha, even wrote their web admin complaining. 
i recall gettin spam in my spam folder even after a few weeks of having my account. i didn't even have time before then to sign up to anything! (but yeah it's free...) 
i've been using it to great success, no spams sent from my domain since i enabled it...
interesting
yep, last week or so.
i get the same ones...
yes .. but nothing is getting into the inbox .. its all going to spam bulk, great filters gmail has.
me, too.
ditto here.  i've probably had a total of 3 spam messages get through their filters in the entire previous 12 months.  suddenly since about last friday i'm getting half a dozen or so a day.
wtfl;dr
same here
every day i create a new account and mark legitimate email addresses as spam, i have a list. i'm a dick like that.
in the last two weeks, mine jumped from ~8,000 to 18,000 :(
what kind tend to get past their spam filter for you? occasionally i get a casino advt.
live mail has no spam for me
but is does have some stuff i signed up for that i can't get rid of.
i wonder if i can get that out of my insurance company if mine is stolen.
from mrs elizabeth m.tinambacan

my name is elizabeth m.tinambacan,the wife of rev. jemias tinambacan
who was the deputy secretary general of bayan muna party-list group in
southern tagalog.who is recently attack and killed in philippine on
the 9th may 2006.

before my late husband was killed,i inherited sum total of
($14,000.000 usd.fourteen million usdollars) from some cocoa business
import we made with my late husband, this money which i put in a
security company in abroad.i am contacting you because i want you to
help me in retrive this fund to your account for the future of our
children.

i hope to trust you as who will not sit on this money when you claim
it.i made up my mind to give you 25% of the total money for your help
after the money has been transfer to your account.

hopping to hear from you.

elizabeth m.tinambacan 

classic spam is classic
actually no i haven't.
same here, but it's recently spiked to about one a day.
same here.. right into my inbox!
i am glad someone asked, because i have been getting 10 or so in my inbox for the last week or so now. it is starting to get annoying.
i thought it was just because i started using a crackberry. my computer mail client blocks whatever spam gmail misses, so i don't see an increase in spam anywhere else.
nope.
*i* thought it was funny...
hal5000 is that you ?
same here. i've been trying to block them, but i'm not sure if it's helping.
that's easy to do, just click a sponsored link.  advertisers get charged for each link you click, google takes their cut each time.
i prefer password gorilla as the password database is the same format and can be opened with password safe which is a popular windows application to the same thing.

these days i use a yubikey with mashedlife.com
you feel guilty you ate sentient beings?
yes....

...not much, but i've had to use the "report as spam" more times this week than i have in the past. 
that's about 12 spam emails per minute. i don't know whether to be impressed or horrified.
no, and i only think i've got one spam email in my inbox during the two and a half years i've been using gmail.
serves them right for sharing user information with the riaa.

*serves* them, get it?
yeah, went from 2-4 a day too 30-50. luckily the filter has been catching the majority of it and the ones it doesn't get marked as spam.
19762 (!) here; last month i remember it crossing 11111.

edit: 15 hours later and i've hit 20060. wtf internet?
they seem to be coming from 1-2 domains in my case,  but they are consistently coming through in my case.  my 'spam catcher' email address is up to a little over 10700 emails (as of last night) with roughly 36 in the inbox,  the average is closer to 5000-6000 emails as spam with about 10-15 in the inbox.  this isn't quite the 'peak' though,  the record was 17k spams, and a little over 70 in the inbox 2 months ago.
somehow i only get spams from sites where i have once given my address. eg: fsm, clipmarks, nokia, american airlines etc.
mine is at 101, usually between 100-200. none in my inbox. i don't know what you guys are signing up for, but this is coming from the only email addy i use for... anything.
yeah, so you can see them spammers typing out the messages one letter at a time.
wow, i feel lucky now. i get one or two a *year*.
nope.  i get a piece of korean spam every now and then, but that's about it.
i have 1136 spam messages the last month (none in the inbox). that's about 37 per day! o_o

i filter my spam straight into the trash. i never see it, and it doesn't count up a number. 

( matches: is: spam
do this: skip inbox, delete it )
same here. no spam in inbox, while the spam folder is filling up as usual.
perhaps extensions were hidden.
for years, i got no spam until a few weeks ago, when i started getting hundreds each week. somehow they've found me. 
not at all.  i eat pigs, cows and the occasional chicken.  i just question that they should be called sentient.  but to be fair, i am not the expert mycologist, so i am certain he knows things that i don't.
same emails and i've been getting spammed a lot more lately too.  i've noticed that gmail does this from time to time.  about once a year for a week or 2 i'll get spams in my inbox then boom, nothing for another year.  very small hassle for 7 1/3 gigs of email space.
i have been getting a shitload of spam, mostly asking me to claim my "dell xps"... i keep reporting them as spam though, they have been slowly decreasing
whoa, hey! i'm not going crazy! time to remember to start marking things as spam now...
thanks for the virus....asshole..
yeah, since gmail first came out, i've had under 6 hit my inbox, ever. in the last week, i've had about 3-5 a day hit my inbox. i was just remarking on this to my friends last night, ironically.
 because this spam is very unusual for gmail. 
they way is now clear for nz world domination.
ah ok.

yea, i agree then. you can forward emails with gmail, but now that i'm constantly using 2-3 email addresses, i see where gmail comes short.

you can add an email, and "send" it with that address, but you'll never have a sent copy of that email in your second account.

so if, for example, you want that account to be shared, and not your primary, people can't see the emails you sent using it if you were using your primary account.

if you get what i mean.

by the way, which mail client do you suggest?
yea, i think i remember having that problem. i think mine was turning it on with ff.

use chrome! problem solved.
supposedly, bing is supposed to do more than search. it is supposed to make "decisions" as well. say you are in charlotte nc and you want mexican food. you type in your location and what you want, and it will give you choices for the best food in your area by price and type.  it is supposed to do the "research for you, so when you type in point and shoot camera $300, it will pop up the best $300 point and shoot cameras.

reality should prove remarkably different.  it will turn in to nothing more than a rebranded live search, which was nothing more than a rebranded msn search.  it may take a week or two, but it will be gamed. 

i believe they are trying to make it a "decision engine" so they can sell "butts in seats". they can charge more for ads if they can convince the people searching that 3 or 4 answers is all they really need. 

i am interested more because the woz said it was the most impressive software demo he had seen, than for anything else.

for me, google wave was the most impressive demo i have seen.
is wayne brady gonna have to slap a bitch?
i'm getting 10-15 empty messages with .rtf attachments in my inbox every day. this just started this weekend.
yes! the past 2 days about 20 spam emails have made it past the filters, and these emails should have easily gotten detected as spam. i think something fishy is going on.
please note sponsor offers may require you to sample and/or purchase products of interest and/or take other actions such as applying for or obtaining a loan or extension of credit (including credit cards), transferring a balance, or similar steps.
and here's [part 2](http://blog.wolfire.com/2009/06/music-to-listen-to-while-programming-part-2/).
could anyone shed some light on where most spam originates from? is it mainly emails harvested from subscriptions and then sold to spammers or do they just brute spam keywords for a particular domain like gmail. 
what's weird is that i've noticed when i click on the spam, some of it has the label spam already.  i click back to look at it in the inbox and it doesn't list the tag there, even after clicking refresh.

yes.  i get about 20 a day in my inbox
until a few days ago, i was the same way.  i've had 7-10 a day since last week.  i was wondering if eset had sold my address...
you totally didn't get it.
yes, more so than normal over the past few days.  

a major financial institution that takes care of my money lost a class action lawsuit for selling private information. my spam addresses me by name now :(.
i have a pill for you to take which will cure hair loss, give you more sexual stamina, and is guaranteed to make you more money!  it's completely free!

[[unlisted in the advertisement: may cause death.]]

it's ok though, because it's free!
fail.
9216 spam messages here
i never get spam in my inbox, and woke up this morning with 18 in there!
yeah i know, i was the one filming when she used the strap-on on you? remember? "go mamma, ride that redneck" etc

//it's all fun and games till someone has their cherry popped.
found a few non-spam in the spam folder too.

c'mon gmail!
my spam folder would float around 700-800 spam/month, noe it's up to 1300/1400 spam/month, it doubled for the last few weeks. some spammers got better engines i guess...

also i have 5-6 spam messages leaking in my inbox. 6/1400 is not a bad number.
oh, i didn't think of such a situation, as in sharing an email account. i also have multiple accounts (from many different providers), and 2 gmail accounts, so it's not really funny manually checking them hourly...

as of a "shared" account we use at the company, we have set up forwarding from it to all the members that need to have access to them, but not giving out the account password... also the emails are not stored in the sent items folder.

as a mail client i would suggest thunderbird, and i think no redditor will disagree. 
nope. just you.
there are some very small promising spots, as you mentioned.

however, think a bit more about it.  individuals have blogs.  hosted where?  censored by whom?  hosted on corporate servers, very heavily censored by acceptable usage policies.  corporations are making certain that individuals cannot contribute to an honest culture if that culture is going to change very much from the status quo.  if individuals wanted to start embracing nudity and sexuality instead of fearing and hiding them, for example, they have no options.  companies would shut them down.  

if you want to run a website, almost all isps both forbid and take active measures to prevent individuals from hosting the site themselves.  they pressure people to sign up with hosting companies, putting the control back in the hands of another corporation.  and along with that comes all of the usual censorship which grows more conservative by the day.

they can communicate in ways previously impossible, but only about subjects and in ways approved by corporations.  you can share video on youtube... as long as you do not admit or suggest that you are a sexual human being.  you can share your views on message boards and other places on the net, but only if you are over 13 years old and are going to contribute within the confines deemed acceptable by the corporate hosts and sponsors.

&gt;citizens are for the first time in history contributing to and defining culture.

they might think that, but they're mostly wrong.  the bounds of the culture, the very definition of what a culture is, are already set by corporate executives and legal departments.  culture transcends the legal system, and the legal system is supposed to change and mold to accomodate culture, not dictate it.  right now, it dictates it.  there are very, very few places where people are allowed to develop a culture that varies from the status quo.  as a big "maker" movement sweeps across the internet, companies deluge people with cease and desist notices to get rid of schematics and designs.  they get hosting companies to pull the plug on anyone sharing detailed technical information about the workings of products.  this plays itself out over and over again in every creative sector, where citizens try to strike out and forge a new segment of culture and are allowed to do - but only to a point.  only in the ways that corporations approve of.

edit:  in addition to that, the internet has always promised a real revolution in the way the economy and daily life works.  it could usher in a new era where the majority of people produce works on their own, or in concert with people over the net, and sell directly to other peers, with no involvement of intermediaries.  but this is made impossible by our current structure, dictated by various corporate concerns.  as i mentioned, you can't host a site.  and if you're doing business on a site, you have to give a portion of your proceeds to multiple middlemen.  the possibility could, but does not, exist that more than half the population could work from home, online.  instead, our culture is still made up of people who mostly spend 40+ hours of their life a week contributing to extremely inefficient organizations that funnel all of the money away from the people who produce the product and value up to executives who function as little more than secretaries and figureheads.
i clicked on a reddit submission link several days ago and safari warned me about a suspicious site. i tried to close the window and a new window opened. so i quit safari. since then i've gotten five or six sexually explicit spam emails every day. so i keep mail offline and check web mail several times a day, marking the junk as spam then deleting it at my isp location before it gets to my computer. this is email from my local isp, not gmail.
excellent manga.  just finished reading it for the umpteenth time.  highly recommended.


spoiler: the fungi were actually created by the 'scientists'. they also genetically altered humans so that the humans can live despite the toxicity, and they hope to come back once the earth was purified.  sounds like what a big corporation would do if they had control over the fungus.
same here, i'd say on average, i've received 4-5 spam messages in my inbox daily since last week, as opposed to about 1 per week. 
same here. except that others in this thread seem to think this is new within the last few days. incidents of spam has been up for weeks for me. i get 1 or 2 per day in the inbox. the spam folder, usually around 500 has been around 900 for a few weeks, now.
&gt;glad to see other people are going through the same hell. 

5-6 spam messages a day in your inbox is hell?

what was hell was when i didn't use google apps for businesses to handle my email. i would somehow get upwards of 1,000 spam messages a day. thunderbird would catch all of it on my home pc, but checking it on another device was not very fun. :(

[google apps for businesses](http://google.com/a/) is really cool and i would recommend it to anyone. it allows you to use gmail with your own domain. i use myfirstname@mylastname email with gmail's imap - pretty cool stuff. my spam box is very full, but very little makes it to my inbox (maybe one a week - i always click report spam).
you have very good points with regard to markdown vs. html, so i have nothing more to say about that.

as far as the gui, a few more bytes sent to the client is pretty tiny, especially when most people will likely get it once and then cache it.  on the other hand, people often have issues formatting their comments and have to return to edit them, sometimes multiple times, to get the markdown just right.  when they have to re-send their entire comment to the server even once,  that's probably enough to make up for the cost of sending the extra couple buttons down the tubes.
thank god!  thank god i'm not the only one experiencing this!

see, i have two e-mail accounts: one for sites i think will probably send me spam, and one for business/friends/real communication.

i was worried that i had accidentally given my primary account to the wrong site, and now i was offically fked as they sold my e-mail to every spam site out there.  thank god that since it isn't only me, the gmail team will react to this far far quicker, and hopefully i won't have to get rid of the account.
yes yes yes!  i've been googling this same topic lately to see if others are.  for me it's spam that is not getting caught by the filter and it's making it into my inbox.  i had 8 this morning already.

i've only ever seen one spam message in my inbox and i have had my account for over 4 years.
yes!  
apparently not quickly enough; it's getting worse.
not just gmail. i used to never get spam in my inbox of my yahoo acct, now i get a few a day...
me too. and it doesn't seam to matter. 

one observation... is mostly porn spam... obvious porn spam, and it looks the same (at least the titles look the same).
 
i got some paypal scams too.

also, maybe this is reaching the rest of the world now... i've been seeing this spam for at least 2 months. 
if anything, it'd make them easier to catch.  when emails/chats/etc. get just batch copied-pasted, it'll be an obvious spam-flag.  when someone slowly types everything out one letter at a time, that is more likely to be a person.

part of me thinks the wave business will be a huge boon to the anti-spam effort.
not just on gmail - my other mail host as well.
semper gumby; always flexible. 
i seem to be on a single spammer's list. i get the same couple of spams each day (in the spam folder).  usually it's about fake replica watches.  i could probably get whoever it is blocked, but i can't figure out how to show the full message headers in gmail so i can see where their servers are.
i am getting hammered by lots of spam to my sourceforge address.  seems someone harvested there.  these, however, are making it into my spam box.

i am still getting way more in my inbox than normal.
this is karma for them stopping the music every few songs to ask me if i'm still at my computer.


yes!!! i'm still at my computer!!!

edit: does anyone know a workaround for that?
same here.  i get lots of spam but up until now very, very little had ever gotten through gmail's filters.
ray kurzweil has covered this topic in some detail.  information from multiple fields converge to suggest about 1e16 calculations per second.  if the estimate is off by a factor of 1000, then we are talking 1e19.  computers will advance between those calculation abilities in a relatively short time (about 10 years).

he actually differentiates between functional simulation and exact simulation.  he estimates 1e16 for functional and 1e19 for exact simulation.  so, the blue brain*, for instance, would need about 1e19 of computational power to perfectly simulate a human brain.

*http://seedmagazine.com/content/article/out_of_the_blue/

*http://bluebrain.epfl.ch/

also, assuming moore's law holds steady and assuming the world's population is about the same as it is now, 50 years after the first simulated brain we'd be able to simulation all human brains.  the singularity idea says it will happen much faster because superhuman intelligence will make moore's law seem quaint.
you have trouble with the meaning of various english words don't you?
as soon as i clicked that i got a spam email entitled "if you twitter you'll love datetwit!"
ran out did ya?
yes, and it's really obvious spam, too, like replica designer watches to wear on my penis.

my theory is that google's spam system is designed so that when something goes wrong with the filter, it defaults to considering all mail to be non-spam -- and for some reason this has been happening a lot lately.
thank you for your thoughtful poignant response.
dave... i didn't know you liked to get wet.
ah, nell.  the "catherine the great" of canada.
[spf and dkim](http://www.bits.org/downloads/publications%20page/bitssecureemailfinalapril1507.pdf) are excellent email authentication protocols, especially when used in conjunction.
there are cases where it isn't so great. my case: because our business makes heavy use of act! for our crm, we're forced to use outlook for email. the imap interaction doesn't work so well when your users have 20k+ emails in their store.

that said, i really like the service in general, wish i had found it before we decided to use act!.
same here. i used to never get any spam in my gmail, yet i just reported 9 that i received today alone. hell one was even impersonating google offering an opportunity to invest in google!
collective intelligence ftw 
ಠ_ಠ
yes
i'm not sure wave will be attempting to tackle spam on the content analysis side of the equation - more on the authentication side.
oh for fuck sakes.  multi-page crapola:

- vista
- gateway
- hddvd
- vonage
- youtube
- sirius xm
- ms zune
- palm
- iridium
- segway

i still don't want the world knowing how slowly i can type sometimes, or that i stopped in the middle of a conversation to take a poo or pour another bourbon.
if you were referring to his erroneous use of "slap" instead of "choke", i'm not sure why you're being downmodded, since, uh...you're right. (a clearer way to convey this in the future would be the generic "quote + ftfy" template.)

if, on the other hand, you were suggesting that the above quote is somehow unfunny, you deserve every downmod you get.
yep, same ones.  i just had 4 more random spam in my inbox this morning.
but isn't it easier to mark as spam than to delete?  i mean, the button is closer.
none.  i find gmail pretty amazing this way.  i always mark spam as such, but haven't had any in months.
women, man... who the hell knows
yep. normally get one or fewer per week in my inbox, with 30 count usually around 3000. over the last 3 days, i've had a steady increase of inbox spam. when i woke up this morning, i has 16 spam in my inbox, and 6000 in my spam box. 
i didn't notice any spam in my inbox, i did notice that my spam box jumped from the usual 400~ to 700~.
yes, this weekend in particular. i usually got like 2-3 spams a month that made it past the filter, now it's easily &gt;10 a day. i wonder what happened.
semper fidelis tyrannosaurus; always faithful, terrible lizard.
don't delete your spam, report it. that's how the spamfilter learns.
no.
21 separate pages with 1 paragraph each?

fuck. that.
yep and my viagra spam gets worse and worse!
yeah, usually, i have most of my other emails forwarded thru gmail because their spam filtering was superior to anything else i've ever used. no more than 1 or 2 got through per week. but last few days, i've had 5+ get through per day. incredible. i thought i made the mistake of unknowingly posting my email somewhere scrapable. kinda glad to know it's not just me.
so its not just me then, 
i've gotten 2 spams in the last 2 weeks. which is a large increase by usual gmail standards, but not really much to complain about.
i got 14 in the inbox overnight up from about 1 a week, something is definitely wrong.
&gt; during the format wars, better video was available over hd dvd despite the blu-ray 20gb advantage because of blu-ray's crappy video encoding/compression

err, what?  both use the same codecs; vc-1, mpeg-4 avc (h.264), and mpeg-2.  some early releases from some studios apparantly used vc-1 for hd dvd and mpeg-2 for blu-ray, thus wasting much of br's potential, but that's nothing to do with the formats, that's, as you say, "pr/marketing".
yeah, my inbox has been flooded with spam over the last two days.
11,445 here... highest i've seen it recently was around 20k 
what's "wet?".  butt-naked. ill. sherms. dust. pcp. primos. p-dog. that's what you had. that's what you were smoking, you couldn't taste it? 
haha same here
yeah, me too, never more than 1 per month in my inbox, although my spam folder has about 16000 messages in it right now.

that's over 9000!
hahaha
yes. i used to have about 3000 spam in my inbox, now it's 11000!! argh.
you brought up 8mm when you claimed how bountiful labs are.  stop dodging the question.  what? you can't google any labs that do 8mm or find 8mm stock?  


you have no experience or expertise in what you're debating yet you insist on proclaiming your expertise on the matter.  you're the one shouting "i went to film school!!!" and insisting that is worth a dam rather than working in the industry and actually knowing what is going on.  stop talking out of your ass.
rule 34, man, rule 34
will they pump in authentic taxi-driver smell?
30-day rolling history in the spam folder. mine usually hovers around 3000, for the past couple days it's been at 8000 and still growing. (i have a dictionary email, so i get a lot more spam thrown at me than most people) 


yeah, there's definitely something funny going on. 


i've had to delete at least a good 50-60 spams that have made it to my inbox in the past day or so. 
oh god, it's comforting to hear that other's are going through the same predicament recently, as i thought i had entered my email somewhere i shouldn't have.
april 22 is too long ago. this has just happened in the last few days. 
i hadn't checked my inbox in a couple of days, but this article reminded me... holy shit. 15-20 spam emails in two days.
same as drunkbeavis, 21 times pressing next just to see the next fucking app?

go hump a table leg or something.
what's interesting is that not only have i received more spam into the inbox, the spam that arrives is so clearly spam.  profanity, offers to increase my size, "spam" in the subject, etc.  i'm wondering if gmail is getting slammed so much that obvious things are slipping through.  i've received 163 spams the last 1 hour and 2 got through to the inbox.  
wrong, it is a complete misconception that marking spam as spam will improve the filter anything more than but for a few hours or days, this displays a lack in knowledge of the current situation with spam, particularly of this attack which of which more details should surface soon. spam is a galactic like battlefield where the the bearers of arms and shields constantly have to recalibrate them to stay in the fight. a [botnet](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/botnet) is basically a network of bots which have each compromised a system somewhere or anywhere in the world where an operator was stupid enough to open a dodgy email attachment, download a dodgy torrent, or have it snuck through an existing back-door, or one of many other means.

most spam is accounted for by botnets, of which 1000s have been identified but only 10s of which the operator has been traced and identified. the current stage of development that these botnets are in represents a technology that is way more advanced than the the preventive measures the security vendors are constantly at work on. if not for scripts that identify uniform patterns in reported spam messages, we may be seeing a near end to the eternal war between lock makers and lock pickers, with the lock pickers winning. botnets constitute the ultimate darknet. some of the spam messages you got today are likely from a completely innocent address, if it wasn't you very own friend, it was someone elses friend's hacked email or im account, with only his noobity or ravenous appitate for hq porn to blame.

if you read up on botnets, or subscribe to a google alert on the term, you will find that most news disseminated concerns arrests been made made and longer prison sentences handed out, not preventive measures working or looking better. the fbi just a year ago opened an entire new department with a staff of 50 some engineers to try and counter the problem. mcafee, norton, f-secure products are useless in the face of the sheer amount and variety of worms that are constantly being released, and nor do all systems have any one of these or any other security vendor suite. to counter botnets would be to completely untie the workings of the internet, essentially to demolish it and build it up again from the start, only it will be a completely centralized system, awful. botnet operators such as those of the storm botnet take such care of their identity, some have speculated its the work of a government, at one point the storm botnet was said to comprise of millions of compromised systems and has since broken up or been rented out to other operators.

spam. always has, always will.
but the thing is, you don't want to make newsletters undistributable.

that's the core of the problem, mass email is not always wrong.
please elaborate.
always do, but it doesn't seem to be doing much this time. usually it gets better in a few days; this time it's still going, and going, and going with replica watches, and going...
didn't the "blu ray group" recently licensed third party chinese manufacturers to make players. this will bring down the price considerably therefore increasing adoption.
dude, mine's at 75.  how the hell are you people getting so much spam?
yea, usually i get about 0 - 1 spam message a day in my inbox, but last night alone i had 14. 


[seems familiar](http://www.reddit.com/search?q=paul+stamets)
nope. haven't received an email in months. 
no spam.
yes because i made the mistake of posting on craigslist
something like 94% of all email traffic is spam.
no, but i did get a lot more sperm from answering one of those gmail spams.

and now i have girth that can tear her in two.

and hair in places where i didn't know i had places.
upvoted for the venture bros quote, but the inaccuracy of the translation always bothered me.

"tyrannosaurus" means "tyrant lizard"

edited for quotes
it must be affecting me harder than most. i'm getting at minimum 10x the spam i normally find unfiltered.
yea really, if the email has credit, cheap, insurance, free, today, or congratulations, etc, i don't fucking want to see it. 
that is solicited spam. we are talking about "g3t v1agra for your sm4ll pen1s"
yea a bit, instead of one or two every two or three months. its one or two every month.
basically they want to send a welcome email to every new customer with a "put a face with a name" video embedded to it. i have looked into several ways to do this but imo it seems like an annoyance to the customer. what are your experiences with video embedded emails?
when i open my inbox, i choose "select unread", and then i uncheck those i want to keep. the remaining selected are both regular spam and emails, i just want to trash, and i always just hit the delete button for those remaining. 

i know that marking spam as spam probably would help the filter, but i just don't want to go through the hassle of sorting out spam from regular email when i delete.
cable modems suck too.  they're fast at 3am, but from 3pm-12pm it slows to a crawl, and the ping times are horrid.
conficker?
i have an account just like that. it's tied to a domain i've had since 1995 and has a catch all. 

just recently i've noticed that spam is being sent with my domain as a return address. i'm getting a bunch of automated out of office replies. i'm not really sure what to do because i use hundreds of names without real accounts (e.g. reddit@domain.com). 
a little known gmail feature is that you can use your email adress as [email]+[site]@gmail.com to trace spam. google doesn't read any text past the +, but it turns up in your inbox with it. you can then set up a rule to filter all emails with +[spamoffender] to remove spam automatically. 

so if you type your email as ilikestuff+craigslist@gmail.com when signing up, and you started getting spam from craigslist, you'd get emails with a to address of "ilikestuff+craigslist@gmail.com". you could then set a filter to delete all emails with +craigslist without harming your regular emails.

for sites that recognise this fact, gmail has a second spam-tracking function - putting a period in your name. i.likestuff@gmail.com, ilike.stuff@gmail.com, i.like.stuff@gmail.com all will go to the same adress; ilikestuff@gmail.com.

get in the habit of doing it, and you can really reduce your spam. my email adress i use for reddit, for example is [email]+reddit@gmail.com...

hope it helps!
ditto.  most of the spam i get seems to be related to my posts on craigslist.
depends, any sex in the video?
nope. i never get any spam in gmail.
unfortunately no.
maybe plasmawhore has forwarded other addresses which contributes to spam. i have a couple of forwards, and i'm getting 10-20 spam mails a day at the moment.

i'm also guessing that the gmail address itself can be more or less prone to receive spam. peter@gmail.com probably gets more spam than v3jgnswbg@gmail.com
aw.
i currently get more spam in my gmail than in my yahoo, but at least gmail does a better job of filtering it.  
multiple domains with wildcards all forwarded to the gmail account is how i end up with all my spam.
&gt;"tyrannosaurus means" "tyrant lizard means"

fixed that for you.
yes, it still gets picked up as spam by my email client on my machine and placed in my junk folder not the inbox, but there's a hell of a lot more in the last few months than there has been before.  i think its time for me to get a new address.
downvoted for bs.

i get more telephone dialers than spam. none in gmail and none in mail.
:'-(
* tipper - the seamless unspeakable something
* rainstick orchestra - the floating glass key in the sky
* venetian snares - rossz csillag allat szuletett

all three are instrumental, the first two being nice down tempo stuff that segues nicely. the third varies between classically themed down tempo and chaos distilled into audio. perfect for deadlines.
if there were an internet only isp option in my area i would drop cable. as it is we only have cable or dsl. cable is cheaper if i have basic along  with internet access.
i envy you.  i had to abandon my gmail account due to the spam.  i end up with about 30 junk messages a day in my inbox, and if my calculations are correct, about 650 per day in the spam folder.

my google domains hosted mailbox is much cleaner, so it's nothing wrong with google's spam filtering, just the volume of mail is too much on my @gmail.com address. 
if the gui buttons were simply text that replaced the "permalink parent report cancel" links with "*italic* **bold** linkify" and so-on, since you ostensibly wouldn't be using them at the same time you write a response.
since getting gmail i haven't really bothered protecting my address. it all goes in the spam folder anyway.
you mean getting spam in your inbox, or just receiving spam to the spam folder?  because as for the spam folder, i have no idea if there's been a change, it's always had at least 1000 messages in it.  but i still get very little spam (as in maybe one message every couple of months) to my inbox.
i am getting warranty extension scams, and some pay pal style scams. they have definitely outsmarted the gmail spam filter (you knew it would happen eventually). 
your test is very mean to the gmail servers.
not sure about that. i am very careful with my email address. i used to get 3 or 4 spams a year in gmail. in the last 3 months, i have been getting 3 or 4 a week.
whoooops.
lighten up, francis.
wasn't this from the movie plot "the net" starring sandra bullock?
and the apps listed are pretty retarded as well.

instead of 20 'must haves', i found just one 'must avoid' site - informit.com
are you talking about the company that makes nod32? why do you think they sold your address, is that the only company you have given it to?
wet wet wet wet...
explain
online users are googling more search terms at a time to find specific topics and products. and they are clicking on paid listings less often than before. online marketers who use paid search in their marketing campaigns will have to adapt and be much more creative in their selection of search terms.
i use mail to check my gmail account over imap and i have just noticed this:

http://img.skitch.com/20090601-bc5bu1a4qjngmbmg1g3frb8y47.png

bug or a joke?
nope.
and i want a flying car, but that doesn't mean i'm going to get one.
&gt; is that the only company you have given it to?

since the gmail spam problem started, yes.  i normally give companies their own throwaway address, but i use my "real" gmail address for companies that seem reputable.  however, this appears to be a widespread gmail problem.
spam wow? 
yeah, they're all nigerian style e-mails, also.  anyone else getting this specific style in the gmail inbox?  started about three weeks ago.
a ged is not a diploma
perhaps google is hurting from the recession, so they injected a little "spam" to make some money.
i've been getting more spam, but they are not associated with a google doc or site.

i've been getting more heterogenous spam, as well as many, many handcrafted russian spams requesting information about my home city. one asked me to please mail an example of my local stamps to an address in ukraine.
i think it's a stupid idea. i would  be likely to reject an email with video. just give them the option to see the vids on your website. that way you can count the traffic, too.
king kong ain't got shit on me
sending? zero.

receiving? essentially zero. my company email strips all video and sends me a little message. my personal email is yahoo, and it'll block them and offer to show them if i click, assuming it doesn't get dumped in the spam folder by one of my rules. 


imo: send a welcome email and include a link to a first-time customer page with the welcome video, lots of contact info and whatever else you'd want a new customer to have. then you can personalize via link data 
(company.com/welcome/video.html?customertype1) or do all sorts of targeted things. increases the chance they'll get the email and if they want to see the video (or get whatever else you're giving them) they can click the link. 
wow, click rotate angle! i didn't even so those before.
wow, that is so much clearer than google earth. the only fault right now is that it's not available for every city (both my hometown and current town aren't available in bird's eye view)
me too until about a week ago. now i get 3 or 4 a day.
yes. and in the last 48 hours or so. 

i used to get maybe 20% "spam" and 90% of that was just websites i legitimately gave my email to and told them they could email me, and i just have been too lazy to stop their shitty mail they send me. only a very small fraction of my inbox would be real spam.

then a few days ago all the sudden my inbox is like 70% true spam. it's more than my psuedo-spam (spam i agreed to) and my legit email combined, by a lot.

wtf gmail...
anyone else get this much spam? http://ican.stealyour.info/wp-content/uploads/gmail-spam.jpg

i thought this was bad, but recently transitioned a client to use google apps instead of hosting their own exchange server. in one week, it's up to 350,000 caught spams, probably 400-500 of which weren't caught and i had to manually "report spam". that catch-all inbox is already up to 1835 mb (25%) of the 7329 mb provided. crazy!

one other thing to note is that a large part of the spam is "bounce back" spam; mail that is (intentionally?) misaddressed such that the recipient mail server will then bounce the mail back to another potential victim. i've noticed that spf records don't seem to make much of a dent in this regard, but figure they wouldn't hurt anyway.
yes, but in my case it is misleading.

normally gmail purges messages from the spam folder once they reach 30 days old.  however, my spam folder now has spams dating back to april 5, so they must have stopped clearing it out automatically.

this means my spam folder now claims to have just over 30,000 messages in it, which is around double what i normally see marked as spam in a month, because it represents nearly two months of spam.
sic semper tyrannis. 
same here. google definitely has a better spam filter than anyone else.
my thoughts exactly. i hadn't thought about the link to a personalized page on our site though. great idea, thanks.
that's a top tip!
if you'd like to send me your email address i can fix that :-)
i had to remove a bunch of my labels (certain keywords and such that are indicative of spam) because one day gmail started sending all my mom and sister's emails to the spam folder for no apparent reason. no bueno. now i just scan through my emails on a daily basis and hit the "report as spam" button.
not bad, but certainly doesn't '[win] the internet'. zooming sucks, not only can you not zoom in very far, but you can't even zoom out to a satellite view. google streetview &gt; birds eye.

bing smells a little too much like cuil.
it's a nice *complement* to google's street view but not a replacement for it.

choice is good -- here's hoping microsoft doesn't screw up bing as it has so many other of the company's offerings by "improving" it into something intrusive, manipulative, and clumsy.

stated another way, the programs and tools i like are the ones that take my commands and perform them while otherwise staying out of the way.  alas, far too few microsoft products have been willing to do that...
i honestly dont know what yall are talking about.. how are you using your gmail? dont use throw away addys for registrations and such?
i just checked mine..25 new mail. and every bit of it from friends
shame 3d requires ms browser
pretty crap article, looks like the author searched pretty hard to find reasons why chrome is better than opera.

or as they call it when fumbling for a reason to say chrome is more secure, "the opera".

downvoted for pandering.
so does google wave also fix all the nightmares of the backbone of mail? that is the part of the demo that they didn't show - authentication, encryption, etc... any modern communication system should also sound the death-knell for spam.

google might say - build a plugin for encryption, but frankly that will be just dodging the issue - since things like that never will achieve the level of adoption to create a standard, they should include it in the standard, with the default being turned on.
was this written by a 15 year old whose parents work for google?  no metrics were used in this test.
one problem may be that if the spam filter is system wide some things that i consider spam may not be spam for you. i reciently bought tickets to up on fandango and have gotten at least three emails from them saying rate the movie on their boards &amp;c. to me these are spam (and it does not look like there is a 'stop sending me email about this movie' link) but to you maybe they are not. just a thought.
so "no" would work for you. 
if gmail's servers can't handle this then something is has gone really really really horrifyingly wrong.
&gt;to counter botnets would be to completely untie the workings of the internet, essentially to demolish it and build it up again from the start, only it will be a completely centralized system, awful.

this is bs. there are lots of defenses against spam, which these days, as you point out, is overwhelmingly originated by botnets. the simplest approach is to do bayes filtering, which looks at conditional probabilities of words like "viagra" appearing in regular messages versus spam, and attaches probabilities accordingly. another is to keep track of blacklists of urls appearing in messages. both of these approaches are quite effective on their own, regardless of the source of spam. one possible way to deal specifically with botnets is to infiltrate them and discover the spam templates the coordinator is using, making it trivial on the receiving end to filter out spam generated by the botnet according to that template.

now that you've been educated, i'm sure you'll use the word "please" next time you ask a stranger to inform you.

when you have it apply that label, there is also a checkbox to have it always send it to the inbox (ie, skip the spam folder).
is that indefinitely or after a certain amount of months went by then they jack up the charges?

i previously had cable internet only (before i moved), but now have dsl + phone.  only reason being that i have never seen a plan for dsl only without a phone plan.

same here
tyrannosaurus rex means tyrant king.
he terrorized the countryside
and made the giant reptiles hide.
boom, boom, boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom.
wow, overvalue your mouse clicks much?
elaborate. i'm paying for 12 mbit/s but in reality i'm pulling closer to 2. i know this has to do with the fact that i live in an apartment complex. is there anything that can be done to get more of that sweet, sweet bandwidth to which i am entitled and my n00b neighbors undeserving&gt;
this feature has been on live maps for years. if anyone took a second to step out of their google-centric world they might actually find some cool features on other websites/software.
i'm not getting more in my gmail account, but my college email has been inundated with spam. several of the mailing lists, too. disgusting.
in a word, hell yes! im thinking about changing to a new bloody email address because of the crap i get now days. 

i know i have had my account since 2004 but why cant they manage to filter out those stupid emails claiming to have massive funds waiting for me in africa or somewhere like that? its flipping annoying.. :(
yeah that doesnt do shit for me really. ill still get spam with the exact same title.
i've been getting a ton of spam the last 3 days. i thought perhaps i'd given my email to the wrong website or something.

usually gmail catches 99% of it for me, but the last three days have been like it's not working at all.
yup, just today started getting a bunch in my inbox.  i'd say 5-10 today alone.
just saying: most spam gets caught by google's filters most of the time. at *worst* two or three similar messages will get through each day for about a week, then the stop getting through. i don't worry about spam anymore.
that sounds like a good implementation to me. =)
just started yesterday - i woke up with 15 in my inbox today, which is about three times the norm.
this has been around for years.

more interestingly: where did this link come from? it seems a whole lot like astroturfing. scene 37559009 (downtown seattle) seems to come up a lot in social news links reminding people of the existence of live/bing maps ( [here's an example from a couple weeks ago](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/8hfjk/a_full_3d_map_of_chinese_cities_google_maps_be/c09aixg) )
if each spam weighs 1,000 pounds then i might be getting a ton a day
i'm using gmail over imap through thunderbird, so there's no mark-as-spam button... maybe i should move it to the spam-folder, should do the same, right?
no. and could someone please tell me since when reddit has become a branch of the google customer support?
that's good, cause if king kong shat on you... you'd know it.
&gt;now that you've been educated, i'm sure you'll use the word "please" next time you ask a stranger to inform you.

or you could have provided reasoning to begin with. (i wouldn't've called you out on it if you hadn't been such an ass.)
the last 3 days i've been getting about 20 spam per day. normally i get about 1 or 2 get through a week.

either the spam bots have figured a way to get around the spam filter, or the spam filter broke in some way.

i woke up this morning to 12 spam messages in my inbox in 7 hours of time.

something definitely changed from about friday i think is when it started for me.
except now!
just remember that means collective stupidity as well.
coming into work and reading this on reddit just made my day.  i was flipping out after receiving 20+ spams in one night... my blackberry was going nuts all weekend, too!!  i'm glad to hear it's a system wide problem.  i have faith google will address this issue promptly
woah, i had those exact ones in my inbox too. google usually catches everything but 1 or 2 a week, tops. my spam folder gets one like every 10 minutes or so, but i don't care about that.

then all of the sudden, the spam is showing up in my inbox at a rate of 4 or 5 a day, and those emails you showed were some of the exact same ones (plus some more).

that makes it even weirder. not only is the spam slipping through the filter, the same spam is slipping through the filter.
i've gotten those too.

i've had 25 spam messages in three days get through the filters.  i noticed they were from the same domain yesterday, but are all from a different one today.

what the hell.
by unsubscribing you actually subscribe to more spam

just mark it spam
i second that. increase of maybe 20%.
so you know an easy way to get someone's email account filled up with spam? tell me more...
is there any word from google on this?
indeed, i'm looking forward to chrome being released for linux.  i'm even on their [mailing list](http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en/linux.html).
if you're like me, you're on monster and careerbuilder and whatnot, and they whore your email address out like no other. i've finally managed to get it under control, but the last time i went through my job search, the amount of spam i received increased exponentially.
there should be an open annual bidding war for cable franchise in any given area, rather than corrupt, bribed politicians granting monopolies then adding a few lbs of flesh via taxation on the bill.

alternately, make the cable lines a municipal utility and allow voters to hold administrators accountable.  probably a recipe for getting screwed, as most municipal services are overpriced taxation cash cows.

what is badly needed is the ability to pick only the channels you want to buy.

let's get creative.  divide the cable bandwidth between competing vendors and let the greedy market forces work.


my wife wants to play wow and sims 3, i want to play tf2 (among other things). 

no, it doesn't need to run crysis. 
i have had the same e-mail address since 1976. i thought that i got the world's record spam on that account (several hundreds per day), but my new  g-mail account easily matches my 33 year old account. however, i have excellent spam filters at both isp so i never even bother to look at what the filters characterize as spam.
i'd say its pretty damn close now. if you checkout the nightly builds of chromium for mac (http://build.chromium.org/buildbot/snapshots/sub-rel-mac/), you can see its pretty much completely there.
the listed games will run fine on a mac. just use bootcamp and install windows. 

i know tf2 can run on my macbook pro on os x using crossover, although badly(notebook+virtualization = bad to game on), so running directly in windows shouldn't be a problem at all.
for the price of one gaming pc (at least $600) you can buy both xbox and ps3 and have awesome games like metal gears solid, uncharted, little big planet, killzone 2, gears of war, call of duty. bioshock, fallout, infamous, prototype, warhawk, halo and many many others.

it is not subsidization. it is an ingenious strategy to drive up profits by forcing customers into paying higher rates for service they do not want.

&gt;like replica designer watches to wear on my penis.

are those marketed for quadruple amputees?
i thought i pissed someone off and they were signing me up for junk!
his mac is from 2001 lol
yeah, somehow they didn't target me for that. yet.
isn't the light, an external factor, determining success. the programming does not directly code to seek and stay in the light. but those robots that did stay in the light had higher battery charges and were selected to go onto the next generation. like in nature when the fastest cheetah can catch the most animals and likely fuel himself enough to pass his genes onto the next generation. so as long as the coding was almost completely random for no directed movement, those robots that found the light would have adaptive coding. over hundreds of generations, selection, and some random changes and additions to the programming, i don't see why more complex programming and behaviors can't be selected for.
just in the last 2 days!!!!
he's been using macs from 2001, he didn't state how old his current mac is. 

i really doubt he's running a computer that is 8 years old.
wow and sims3 have [mac versions](http://www.apple.com/games/articles/). crossover has [support for tf2](http://www.tuaw.com/2007/10/04/crossover-6-2-supports-team-fortress-2/).

if you have intel mac, you don't even need bootcamp for these.
i already do. thanks for the reminder
console != pc.

it would depend on what sort of games you want to play of course, and how nice you want them to look, but a decent machine can be built for approx $800 or so (this was on reddit a few days ago:  http://www.extremetech.com/article2/0,2845,2347620,00.asp ).

if you're not building it yourself, god help you lol
i did it. must be a glitch, i'm going to try again.
crossover is not virtualisation. it runs things natively on reimplementation of windows libraries (wine), without any actual microsoft windows code.

if performance of crossover is not top-notch, it's because wine's implementation of directx or such may not be as well optimized as microsoft's.
it isn't a direct feedback per user.  it goes into a global spam filter and if there's enough spam marked as such it'll then be filtered for everyone.   so you get some extra spam after the fact, but millions of users as a result get no spam.

theoretically they could keep a whitelist of your spam mails though and filter also as such.
my mistake.  it may be that then, because there does seem to be a large performance difference from running it under crossover and running it in windows. 
"get ready for a surprissseee!" -total recall
&gt;it would depend on what sort of games you want to play of course,

as a pc gamer who played pc for decades, i can tell you that until you try consoles you have no clue what you are missing.

the truth is - an average gamer will be happy with consoles. they are much cheaper, very convenient and user friendly (unlike pcs), do not infect your working machine with securerom abominations that slow down pc to a crawl. have awesome graphics you can't get on a common pc, have big screen, are family and party friendly (you can play up to 4 players on split screen), have great online capabilities, serve as a media center (for the same price!!), have great games that are not available on pc.

now you can say that pc has great games not available on consoles. but there are many more console exclusives than pc exclusives, and as long as you like what you are playing, who cares what in particular you are playing ?

no, let me look in to it. what's your email address?
it's a semi-indefinite thing. it's a deal between the local cable company and the apartment complex where i live. the local cable company is trying to keep at&amp;t uverse out of as many apartment complexes as they can. 
the snail mail version of this is to add obscure middle names when you sign up for something that requires an address. i'm still waiting for *first* *danger* *last* to start coming in the mail.
just click "aerial view".

for "legitimate" companies like this, they usually allow you to opt out of marketing materials. this wouldn't be considered spam, since you have a previous business relationship with them. i wouldn't try opting out of real spam though, that just tells them your email address is live. 
i almost never got spam in my gmail inbox, but in the last week or so more spam has been appearing in my inbox.
this sounds interesting but i am a bit confused. the websites like cl and reddit also know how to handle the +sitename, right? sounds like a great idea for cl at a minimum.
i still dont get why liking trees makes him a patriot?
[citation needed]
i got the same email and didn't click the link.

great, we're all doomed
www.cyberpowerpc.com makes wonderful custom boxes for very reasonable prices. don't bother with dual graphics cards (sli) it isn't worth it.
buy a console.
yeah for sure
i think i felt a surge of spam in general.  mobileme is pretty bad at filtering junk, and gmail has been getting much more than before.  it seems like there's been a (relatively) quiet period after arrest of spam king robert soloway, but the surf is back...
same here; mine's always been in the low 100s or 200s. . . jumped to 400 this week, and i got the first spam message in my inbox i've seen in gmail in *years*.  weird o.o
that's a good idea, but as you say a smart spamer would be able to get around it. a better plan is to buy your own domain for &lt;$10 a year and sign up for google apps for domains for free. then you can set up your email as a catch all address for that domain.  there's nothing to tie reddit@example.com back your real email.
been using the same domain since '07 and haven't noticed an increase.. 

http://www.nullamatix.com/images/goog-apps-no-spam.jpg

no spam for meh. sounds like operator error..
gmail is failing to mark about 25 out of 150 spam messages a day that should be caught. all of them have almost blank bodies and have a one-line link to a site, an attached image, or an attached rtf file. very frustrating. glad you posted this so i know i'm not alone.
&gt; are those marketed for quadruple amputees?

either that, or people think rolex is making cock-rings now
not like google, which is an immensely sensible name.
no.  not even close.  you win this prize, hands down.  and i have, forwarding to my gmail address, an email address i've been using since 1997, and used for plenty of things.  
same here.  worst part is that it still comes thru to my blackberry so i'm constantly getting all this shit on my bberry inbox that i can't directly mark as spam.
i used to get absolutely no spam in my inbox, and now it's jumped up to five per day. it's been going on for a couple weeks and i've marked every one as spam but it's actually gotten worse.
that is nice. better than a straight overhead. seems like it be used as an intermediate step between overhead and streetview.

if you giving directions, birds eye would be good for seeing landmarks along the journey and then go to streetview to see the actual destination.
maybe they will start letting us pay for only the stations we want, but i doubt it.
just run bootcamp on your mac. problem solved.
absolutely.
let's talk about retransmission consent vs. must-carry status. cable, as you know, generates profit by advertising and, to a lesser extent, consumer subscriptions. network owners sell advertising on their network and leave room for cable operators to insert local ads. 

cable had very limited bandwidth, which meant that operators wanted to crowd out boring local content for stuff that would entice viewers. also most major cable operators were equity owners of cable networks.

so the fcc came up with the must-carry rule. namely, if a station says it is vital to the public interest (educational access, etc) the cable company must carry it. in return, the station charges no fees for retransmission.

this is a first amendment issue and an extension of cable's roots as community antenna tv.

most stations, however, are governed by retransmission agreements. a company (like viacom or nbc) negotiates payment and/or additional channel bandwidth to have their presumably popular network carried. to get the fairly popular food network, your operator must carry perpetual laggard hgtv. bravo and msnbc probably comes along with your local nbc station.

an interesting case involving this happened in spokane a couple years back. the fox station wanted to increase the fee it charged the cable operator to bring it in line with what they charged satellite companies. the cable operator told them to fuck off and dropped the channel. the satellite companies had a field day as neither side budged through nfl seasons and american idol.

i'm not quite sure where i was going with this whole thing, i think cable companies are fucking assholes. if i had alternatives for internet, i'd go with satellite in a heartbeat.
hell yeah, it started a few days ago. i wanna kill this fucker.
thanks for all the comments. 

i know i could run those games on my mac (i have done so in the past) but my macbook is getting old and i was looking at replacing it with a windows based desktop anyway. so i'm just wondering what should i look for?
bullshit
unfortunately, most webforms don't allow you to use email addresses with + in them.
i'm talking about the installation explained on this page (http://ideas.libre.fm/index.php/client_support). it's way more complicated than it should be. perhaps if you're suggesting that it shouldn't be considered an "installation" then that is the problem? to be attractive to 90% of last.fm users thinking of moving to libre.fm they need to provide the same level or service, and a way of easily transferring between services needs to be created. in the 21st century people don't expect to have to do manual installations.

as you've just said yourself you "could [use both at the same time] if players/plugins supported scrobbling to an arbitrary amount of domains". however, as i was saying: often, **they don't**. if you take my client of choice foobar2000 (http://ideas.libre.fm/index.php/client_support#foobar2000) and read what it says you'll find that inside the convoluted and ridiculous mess it tells you the newest client doesn't even properly support libre.fm anymore?!!

as to whether i am wasting their time by recommending they reinvent the wheel... i am simply saying that if they can't be bothered to write their own clients, or api they will *always* be behind the curve. if it's apparent to me, it'll be apparent to others.
yes, yes, yes, and more yes!
now you're just repeating yourself.
i'm not sure if this is the best place to ask this question, but here we go:

a colleage and i are developing a web browser for the visually impaired, one of its main features is the inmersive aspect of the user experience, it is a new concept of web browsing for this demographics, we are using a 3d sound environment to let the user know where in space a specific element of a web page is.

we are already solved almost every tecnical difficulty on this endeavor and we will move to the real development shortly. 

one of the problems is that we will need to develop a user interface. with visual interfaces, designers knows how to make an interface appealing and usefull to the user, by using the golden ratio, such and such color combination, and so on. so we think there should be an expertise field for the non-visual interface, but we haven't find it yet.

so, someone of you have heard of something called 'aural interface designer'?
if there's one thing i've learned in my time here on this rock, it's this:

if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
to the downvoters:

at the moment i get around 30-40 mails in my inbox each day.
some of these are personal or business mails, i want to read and keep. some of them are mails from mailrobots, i don't want to keep. again some of them are wrongfully sent e-mails (because my email address is a name and therefore receives a lot of wrongfully sent e-mails). and then there is the spam mails which currently numbers 10-20 each day.

when i'm using the spam reporting, i want to be sure that all the mails i report really is spam. and it would take me a considerable time each morning, if i should investigate each e-mail to find out if it's spam. i'm not going to do that, and if you think i should, please tell my why you think so.

i think it would be easier if google somehow revealed the spam points for each e-mail, and made it possible to filter out the "maybe spam" mails. 
does anyone know if the wii's menu background music does this?  it always seemed possible that it was just creating notes within some scale/range.
[last thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/84ef8/whats_reddits_favourite_programming_music_bonus/) that i'm aware of.

also the title specifically mentions it's programming music, then why not submit to /r/programming?

p.s. i'm not implying that everybody should lurk reddit every hour of every day, but submiting to the right subreddit helps get better answers and other people who might be interested.
depends.

this past week i have seen a couple spams get through each day to my inbox, whereas i normally don't see more than one or two a week.  so while i am not getting more spam, i am indeed *seeing* more spam.  so if that's the question the original poster wanted the answer to, then "yes" would still work for me.
so? if you're searching for porn you're hardly gonna be shocked when a video plays... ooooooo wouldn't that be bad.
oh noes!  my eyes!!!
wow, never thought of that idea.

i personally use spamgourmet a lot and i'm surprised no one here has mentioned it yet
video.google.com has let you watch porn for a while
on that same line...

[paniq - windows grooves](http://georgem.name/file_download/76)

made using windows xp sounds
i'm bashing consoles, yes - but from experience (having had many, many consoles - they're overrated).

yes, consoles have awesome graphics - but thats all they're built for.

yes, consoles are not hit by by virus/malware - but thats generally because you cant install anything on them without modding them - and then its not really a console anymore.

and yes, you can play your games on a "big screen" (assuming you have one) - but i can guarantee that my screen is bigger (projector).

i guess i could setup my system to support more than 1 instance of any game - but i dont.  multiplayer games are fun and all, but limiting your input to a few buttons is kind of stupid  (compared to keyboard/mouse).

i will agree w/ your last statement.
in other news: cable companies are now gouging the fuck out of the consumers for the internet they provide.
nice
when he says free, he means free as in the same free as 99% of the rest of the linux world. there's just one subtle difference.

gnewsense: the foss cult

i want in!
wow...a gmail function i never knew about...
shouldn't this title be in /r/wtf/
awwwwwww....  poor mother-ass-raping-fuckers.

cutting cable then dropping my land line were two of the best decisions i've made in the past year.
yeah especially today i have received about 10 spams this morning... normally only 1 gets through the filter at night...
this iphone artist is totally cool.  i didn't know you could "paint" like this on the iphone.  he tells you what app he uses in the interview.  the best is seeing the progression of the paintings on youtube.  check it out!!
depends on your area / ilec.  if you're in at&amp;t territory, you can get a dsl line without a land line; i'm using one right now!
pull your neighbors' power.
i question the use of the word "recently".
captain obvious, is that you?

of course, the filter never seems to improve from where i'm sitting.
&gt;yes, consoles have awesome graphics - but thats all they're built for.

i see a plus (awesome graphics), i do not see a minus. who gives a shit what they are built for ? are they cheap ? yes! do they have awesome graphics ? yes! case closed.

&gt;yes, consoles are not hit by by virus/malware - but thats generally because you cant install anything on them

again, i see a plus, but no minus. you want an appliance, not a fucking headache. why do you need to have sex with your console ? go install things on your expensive pc, leave the cheap and dedicated console to do what it does best, play games.

&gt;but limiting your input to a few buttons is kind of stupid (compared to keyboard/mouse).

why limit ? buy a keyboard/mouse for ps3, infact buy all kind of awesome gear like flight sim and racing wheels. they are cheaper than a high end nvidia card anyway.

edit: btw, one of the most fun things i ever played was shooting arrows in heavenly sword (ps3).
you control a flying arrow by tilting controller, it senses your movement.

now try to tilt your mouse :))

and i thought it was just me..wonder who fell asleep at this wheel this time?
i agree, i think it's awesome.
1: get a computer...
that his company is [selling homeopathic lotion](http://www.fungi.com/mycomeds/index.html) makes me skeptical of everything he says.
this is part of the reason i love reddit... i opened up my gmail inbox this morning and found myself having to mark a lot more stuff as spam than usual... i'm usually very careful about what sites i give my email address to and i was worried i had accidentally given it to some unscrupulous company. thanks, reddit!
no, my inbox is still pretty clear of spam. it is just the spam folder that's a little more full than usually :-)
that's not a gmail feature specifically -- it's how email addresses work by the canonical standard.  only characters before the + are used to determine the destination userid.
2?
because you're being too ambiguous.
there was a period of about 4 weeks where i got one spam email per week, but other than that no.
in this scenario, craigslist and reddit do nothing special.  they just go ahead and send to foo+bar@gmail.com, it arrives at gmail as "foo+bar", and gmail delivers it to the mailbox for the account "foo".
well, for the record, those webforms are utterly broken.
all i can say is &lt;3!
yes i noticed something changed and i started getting lots of spam in my gmail account as of late.
i've never gotten any.
what?! no death!?!
same here.  my family doesn't even have my gmail address, and it's too cryptic for a bot to find.  it's strictly for business.
you two must be on the same mailing lists.

i bet you visit the same child porn sites.
i don't get it.  you have to type the newsletter sometime, whether it's email or wave.  then you just send it to a lot of people, again, same thing whether it's email or wave.  what does newsletter-ness have to do with anything?
2: connect to the internet.
i am getting 1-2 chinese spams everyday. i mark them as spam every time to no avail. i think it is because chinese characters are vertical versus horizontal and most spam filters can't process them properly.
wikipedia does not cause death.
add me to the list.  always loved gmail because there was so little spam.  all of a sudden, it's like aol. just started last week...now it's up to 4-5 each day. i delete and report all of them...hope some techie at gmail is monitoring this.
no, why? do you have something concrete to say?
i never said it did.  i said "just because it's free doesn't make it ok to lie."
you don't type newsletters into "compose" boxes.  for real organizations, you send them from servers, which is largely mechanically indistinguishable from the way spam is distributed.  it is a legitimate mechanic and shouldn't be removed from real life.
um, would you like a tarball?

we have our own software, but we've been going for two months. we have succeeded in getting the ability to not use the hosts file hack, into mainstream clients like rhythmbox, the default player in ubuntu and many other distributions.

http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=522846#17

what have you done today?
i've always gotten almost daily spam in my gmail inbox (for several years). their filters are terrible at filtering spanish-language spam in particular.
&gt;console != pc.

well, you *can* always run linux on the console...but yeah.
i've been getting a lot more spam in general, but it's all being caught by the filter. nothing to really be worried about.
i woke up with 28 lil cans o spam, it made my day. before this week, i would get maybe one or two a week.
i guess if you want nothing but pretty pictures, get s console - for anything else, a console just cant do it for you.

if you dont have a lot of technical how-to or cant just rtfm, then go get a console.

have fun with it, regardless.

ps: if i want tilting, i'll go drag an old joystick or a trackball from the closet) - assuming that your console can do thing that my pc cant will lead to embarrasment for ya.

well you didn't say that bit about more spam making it into your in box in your initial post so thanks for the double long winded posts that apparently could have been taken care of with a "yes" the first time. 
&gt;i guess if you want nothing but pretty pictures, get s console 

resorting to personal attacks ? i understand :))

&gt;for anything else, a console just cant do it for you.

bullshit. name me a single game a console cannot do. shooters ? racing ? flight sim ? rpg ? rts ? puzzles ? fighting ? platformers ?


he should have googled before he wrote a 3 paragraph treatise on bullshit. 

or he could have asked himself why the internet is still around and how gmail was very effectively filtering spam until yesterday even though botnets have been with us for a very long time.

common sense goes a long ways.

unnecessary, as you are free to get satellite television in almost any part of the country.
that would be cool. it would be something fairly easy to do, and i think it would make the taskbar a bit more efficient.
&gt;search engines are for lazy computer users who don’t have the fortitude to type random urls until they find what they're looking for.

this does not usually end well...
interesting...i know that i used my google docs account about 2 weeks ago to convert .xlsx files to .xls    i didn't realize that i was ahead of the curve on that one.
you don't think they figured this out already? that's what bandwidth caps are for.
interestingly, yes -- just in the past 4-5 days.

oddly enough, one of my friends reports less spam in his account over almost exactly the same timeframe.
yes, what's up with that?
mmhmm. so is duke nukem forever. 
i didn't know about it - but now i do!

thanks.
same... 4-5 a day getting into the inbox. (i report them too!)
now you're just repeating yourself.
yes we should make newsletters undistributable.

what about rss' feeds, etc. there are much better alternatives than having that crap in my or your inbox.
ditto.  gmail never sent a spam email to my inbox on accident until just this week, now i'm at four or five a day.  i thought i'd accidentally given my email to a spam site, but couldn't remember giving it to anybody in recent memory...
exactly. if you want 8mm film, google it. i could probably dig up a fresh roll somewhere, but who cares? i haven't used 8mm film since the 80s, and i couldn't possibly care less. i really, genuinely, honestly have nothing to prove to you because i don't fucking care. 

i just want to hear why you referred to 65mm, and what happened to your original reply asking where to get 8mm (and maybe why you'd ask such a thing in 2009). 

i mean, we fucking agree that blowing shit up for imax is stupid; besides that you're just shitting your pants over me correcting things you said that were absolutely incorrect, running in all sorts of directions with what i said, and ignoring my basic questions. answer me, and then fuck off. please. 

&gt;indistinguishable from the way spam is distributed

indistinguishable _from spam_, as in it is spam.

&gt;it is a legitimate mechanic 

it is spam. if you want to _offer_ the same content to more people at once, there this thing called rss-feeds. 
so, click that checkbox at the bottom
if you don't want last.fm to have your ip don't give it to them.
ugh, just had an exam which involved oleds... i'm staying away from this link for a while.
anything radiohead. specifically ok computer and the bends.

minus the bear -- bands like it when you yell "y'arr" at them.


mogwai.


godspeed you black emperor!


dj girltalk


turing machine (check them out on cd baby. they're post-rock, lyric free, instrumental electronica.)


massive attack


portishead


say hi to your mom


eh, that's enough for now.

look, there are a huge number of very non-tech savvy people out there that want content like this delivered in a newsletter fashion.
i think this is business news. wrong subreddit.
nearly $500 for a device that you have to buy $10+ books for.  i'll stick with going to the library for now.
i's not a personal attack, but if you're so deluded that you see it that way, then go ahead.

i wasnt talking about games fanboy.  email, browsing the net, downloading torrents, hosting databases, aka doing anything other than playing games.
this thread really confused me. i remember very distinctly reading some of these comments before. but based on the times posted, i was asleep at the time of the posted comments, and this is the first time reading this thread today. then i found out why

http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/8omki/anyone_else_noticed_the_sudden_increase_of_spam/

not trying to slander the topic poster or commentators, i was just very confused for a moment and thought i was experience deja vu or something.
tori christman is a woman. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th1jkcamcfc

my fridge also can't send an email and host databases.

and my washing machine does not browse the net. what part of "cheap and dedicated appliance" you do not understand ?

&gt;i's not a personal attack,

i fail to see it as anything else. did you actually meant that console gamers do not have computers and cannot send emails and hosts databases?

do we actually have to do everything from one machine ?

lol statistics, &amp;c
&gt;i'm paying for 12 mbit/s but in reality i'm pulling closer to 2

well there's your problem! mb is not a mb. [a conversion site](http://www.easycalculation.com/bandwidth-calculator.php)
yeah you just see it flood up on gmail. i was trying to fill the google limit within a week or something. managed to fill my inbox in 12hours. 
i then tried to fill a 1gb inbox, but there were any about that were free. 
just submit your email to google groups, one group alone sends out 4000 emails to you, daily!
what part of "tallwookie has different requirements for a gaming system than you" do *you* not understand?
people *delete* normal emails?!
while i am loathe to comment on my own submission:

twitter and facebook on my xbox makes me want to vomit tears of rage.
this isn't about his first post. it's about you being condescending. you didn't show any courtesy when you called bs (not a problem, you aren't required to), but expecting it when he asks you to explain what you should have already explained is a bit much.
i got the exact same e-mails!
where do you think most of the digg submissions come from? :)
yes but what the fact that the distributed computing of google isnt slow means that similarly set up networks wont be slow either.
which leads us to the always-awesome ["sic semper tyrannosaurus"](http://www.amazingsuperpowers.com/comicarchive/147.htm)
10 years on the engine or the battery?
hosting databases and sending emails are not the gaming system requirements. i perfectly understand the reasoning. i play games on pc myself. heck, minesweeper is my favorite game.

but we are not talking about casual gaming. we are talking about invasive gaming. invasive as in install a hardware into your pc, install securerom drivers into your os. that's where gaming starts  clashing with "hosting databases". so you end up having a dedicated "gaming rig" and a separate pc where you do your usual work. in other words you build your custom and very expensive gaming console.

last year, i would only get around 400 spam messages per month, but they'd show up only in my spam box.  now, i'm getting around 1,000 spam messages per month.  ever since that started happening, i've also seen an increasing amount of spam in my actual inbox.  wtf?
gmail has never been the problem. [hotmail](http://bsalert.com/news/2124/microsoft_hotmail_taken_over_by_spammers.html) on the other hand, seems to have been completely compromised for years and microsoft doesn't seem to care.

they plan on building a working prototype soon...  well la-de-fucking-da
i get a shit load of spam for gmail. i'm so sick of it. i have like 700 in spam folder and about 15-20 in my regular fiolder every day. no matter what i do.
doubt people will spring for the drive-by-wire aspect.

edit: i would, if they switched to spherical omniwheels and virtual on-style maneuvering :)
yes, over the past few days it's been blasting past the spam filter. i haven't used my email address for anything new either.
i don't want to sound annoying =p, but i guess i need to quote myself:
&gt;' to quick find links only (go mouseless!)

&gt;while quick finding (either way), hit f3/shift-f3 to go forward/backward through the things it's found
"thus always to tyrant lizard"
reminds me of http://www.thinkgeek.com/gadgets/cellphone/9e31/
i've had some interesting spam issues lately on gmail...i recently created a new gmail address, and forwarded my old gmail account to it.  the old account has been inundated with emails from a few websites, mainly classmates.com, who all think my name is "buck".  the spam filter on my old account doesn't catch them, despite my marking similar emails as spam,  and they end up in the old account's inbox.  when they are forwarded to the new account, however, the spam filter catches them.  the only thing i can think of is that maybe when websites sell your email to third parties, those third parties have started making accounts on their own sites with the email addresses instead of just spamming you, to get around the filters.
this bing thing can't be that popular.  i a9.com'ed it and nothing came up.
i forget to mention that i removed my search bar to maximize screen real-estate.

plus, not using the search bar means you can use the similar shortcuts for tons of other search engines, like ebay, google images, wikipedia... etc etc. search bar only conveniently works for one at a time.
i have a gmail account, but i've also noticed a huge increase in the amount of spam to my other emails as well, including the mail server that i control.

maybe time to up the spamassassin levels
aaaaaaaany second now...
get dsl.  sure at&amp;t is more evil than the romulan star empire, but when you pay for 6 megabits/sec you get 6 megabits/sec.
you are not look\_of_disapproval. stop trying to be him.
one works while you're typing a text box, one doesn't.

one can highlight, one doesn't.
this is actually a horrible idea.  i used to do this but pretty soon was getting stuff addressed to v1agra@mydomain.com

spammers send out emails to randomly generated recipients to see if a catch all is in place.  if it doesn't bounch they pound away.  it sounded like a great plan but i ended up getting twice as much spam as before.  :-(
what... do u mean?
open link in new tab (ctrl-left-mouse-button).
close tab when done. (ctrl-w)
i actually did that, it never occured to me to type bing.com. with google and the firefox address bar i hardly ever type urls any more.
&gt; but there was one recurring question from my friends - how do i get my word and excel 2007 documents into the cloud?

i'd slap any friend that asked how to put shit into the cloud.  also i doubt anyone would.
i already skipped the first and second parts.
no.
real soon now (tm)
i'm actually using it constantly now- not because it's better, but just because i *really* don't trust google. edit: that is to say i have so many eggs in that basket already i'd like to spread my data.
bing seems to be decent, i like the previews but i don't think it is compelling enough to move away from google.
spam blogs, just like on reddit.
yes, ever since i started replying to the ads for cheap vi@gra. 

in reality, no.
i'm an undecided upperclassmen in college. i average around 6-8 "last chance [my name here], your time is running out!" or "is this still the right email address [my name here]?". (oberlin and burmingham-southern in particular give me daily updates)

now i have to deal with legitimate spam too.
i went from one every week or two to a couple per day for a while. probably about three weeks. seems back to the normal level now though. 
i have the same setup.
setting up [spf records](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sender_policy_framework) for the domain helped this tremendously.

sadly dreamhost doesn't support this natively, so i'm a bit jittery at setting up an outright fail policy.
i figured out how to make bing useful
http://www.bing.com/search?q=google&amp;go=&amp;form=qblh
i've been getting a spamload of spam in my inbox lately! i thought i have accidentally gave away my email somewhere, but apparent'y i'm not the only one with this predicament.
as a cable company executive, i think it's time we got competitive with their pricing.  psych! we're just going to use more compression on our high def content and knock more channels off of basic cable.
i miss altavista...
i have. i have a webserver running imap and i have it linked to my gmail account. i thought a bot had found it and started spamming it and it was being missed by the spam filter. but no, all the emails are addressed to my gmail account. interesting indeed.
looks like their old gullwing 300sl design modernized for the 21st century.
if that's the case, i would use google for the search and move the remaining eggs to another basket.
yes!

 normally i have a high spam rate anyway, but most of it gets caught by the spam filter (currently approaching 15,000, keep in mind it deletes things after 30 days).

problem is i am getting a lot more that slip through the filter the last few days. 
but the effort required to differentiate between a regular delete button and a spam button is greater then just always using the delete button.
i have been getting them for weeks. thanks for bringing it up!
the real reason for chrome was probably to boost javascript against various ms technologies integrating ie and office. therefore it was/is not terribly important for google to reach out to mac and linux, they're basically already on board and i doubt they're are going to put the same effort into those two platforms unless apple starts to aim at a web based business work flow that integrates seamless with their platform.
done. 
i'll go straight to step 2 thanks.
wow, you don't know much about what you are talking about do you?

hint: you don't.
i can only ever remember getting less than 5 in the inbox.  i'd say that i get less than 5 per day in the spam folder.  i average about 100 new msg per day.
i get 3 spam a minute, 85000 in my spambox,

i catch all mail from the french of why.com ,, so i guess lots of pple seams to type it when they don't want to reveal their real adresses. but more so i get a shitload of mostly_random@pkoi.com
i only use the browser search in chrome, i set it to bing to force me to try it.  if i hate it after a few days i'll go back.  but i really like the video previews a lot better than google's
&gt;the filter will improve quickly.

**oh god!** it's *learning...*
yes. i thought it was the browser i list my blog on; but it only just started in the last day or two.
i don't sell email addresses.
your mom does
yeah, the video previews are neat.
yeah, that's exactly what i did.
hurry up already.  at this rate, the future will never arrive!
i tried this when i was a kid. almost all of my junk mail has the same wrong middle initial, 15+ years later. the weird thing is that it eventually got tied into my ssn, so now there's a person that doesn't exist who shares my wrong middle name and ssn. i moved over 20 times and the junk mail still tracks me.
who the hell makes plans like that? you must be great fun to take on holidays.
[a heartfelt reuinion](http://www.altavista.com/)
&gt;i really don't trust google

has google won the evil race against microsoft?
the results for bing so far seem to be near or just as good as google for me, it's much better than live search which was completely useless
i think it'd be wise of bing to send link opensearchdescription+xml tags, so it would be easier to add their engine to firefox. i see that there are plugins for it, but i expect that they are all "referral" links, and i'm not interested in participating in all that.
chandler
yahoo stores more data than google, so i don't think it can be placing any better than second.
don't all corporations win that race?
i still use a variety of search engines. google is the base work horse, but i used live for stuff it's better at, like image search. because everyone seems to be hating on microsoft for some reason, i made bing my default search engine at work.

embrace choice, people.
i constantly search for stuff that microsoft has some financial interest in, one way or the other. just today i did a bunch of searches on how to convert a column of numbers from a website formatted with dollar signs and parenthesis into number values in gnumeric, a competitor with a microsoft product. why would i expect microsoft to help me?

edit: downvoted? why?
i used hotbot. somehow i got the idea in my single-digit-year-old brain that it was the cool, edgy, some-people-are-afraid-of-how-rad-this-site-is engine. i have no idea why.
it's much easier to just do your searches on another engine than migrating your email, calendar, contacts, etc
it had neon colors, duh.
choosing for the sake of choice isn't strong motivation. i like to make decisions based on reason.
the more market share bing has, the more google will be forced to innovate.  so by using bing a bit, you'll help google get better.
remember cuil? yeah me neither!
i remember feeling the same way.  hotbot was the cool search engine before google.
i think all this bing hate is not a good thing. yes, google search is amazing, but you need someone to keep it in check. personally, i welcomed any competition to google. more competition, means google can't rest in its laurels, and will produce better service. frankly, the better bing is, the better it is for me. 
i am pretty sure that when i am 90, senile, and can't figure out how to turn a doorknob, i will still smile and chuckle whenever "cuil" is said. 
while i agree that it definitely has a focus on business, it has a lot to do with technology, in fact that is a key focus.  however, it is regarding technology's effect on business so i'm not sure.
there's a few reasons why there are no air-powered cars: they're fucking dangerous! sitting on a tank at 10,000 psi. and you think gas is dangerous? pfft - petrol is dead safe compared to a ruptured air tank.

plus, you know what happens when you pressurise a tank right? it gets friking hot. i mean *really* hot. so how do you recharge it without setting the car on fire or melting anything?
i have been messing and it might be better than google
i checked it out, and thought "hey, this seems better than i'd expected!" then returned because you don't take the effort to break old habits without expecting bigger dividends for it.

besides, i'm still a little bitter at microsoft for using my name...
espn takes the lion's share of fees and it just keeps going up. i could give a fuck less about all sports, but there i was, shelling out $60/mo for basic cable in which i was not even pausing for a second on epsn.

i called the cable company and suggested they figure out with a quickness how to unbundle espn, because the next rate hike i was cancelling my cable *and* continuously-failing-at-11:30pm-when-i-had-an-online-class-paper-due-at-midnight. rate hikes were announced, and i told them to fuck off. door-to-door salesmen still come by occasionally, i think if nothing else to make sure us poor folks aren't stealing cable. i tell them to put me on whatever list they have to, but i will *never, ever, in a million years* subscribe. even if they paid me, it wouldn't be worth the hassle.
*as a sidenote:* before anyone suggests maybe i shouldn't have waited til the last minute to turn in my paper, i would like to mention that between a full-time job, part-time job, and 12 credits a semester, 9 of which were *not* online, the last minute was more often than not the *only* minute i had to work on my papers.
no, you only thought it was.
plans on it? i've already done it.

for some reason i got access... weird.
does it strip out even more formatting and functionality than it did with office 2003 documents?
i've heard of something like this before, but i think it started with a "g".

there is better way.

make law that makes owning the cable and providing the are service two separate businesses. those who lay cable, may charge some fee, but it has to be same for everyone. every isp can provide their services over cable. overcharging for cable and providing service cheaper using subsidized prices from cable fees should be made illegal. 

the same principle works fine and provides competition in many different networks: data, electricity and railway. 

i agree with the other comments below - the spam has just been appearing the last two days.
from [lifehacker](http://lifehacker.com/5273923/search-bing-from-your-browsers-quick-search-box):

if you want to add microsoft's new search engine in the quick search box for your favorite browser, we've got you covered.

adding the search providers is simple enough—just visit the links below and install the version for your browser, choosing whether to enable suggestions or not. readers using internet explorer 8 might want to enable the suggestions because of one interesting feature: bing will show you a preview of the weather by simply typing "weather" followed by your location—extremely handy for a quick glance at the temperature.

readers using chrome can add a new search provider by right-clicking on the address bar, choosing edit search engines, and then adding a new search engine using the following url:

    http://www.bing.com/search?q=%s

if you aren't a fan of the quick search box, you can always create a keyword bookmark by right-clicking on the bing search box and choosing "add a keyword for this search" from the menu
ripping off google is the new black.
aerodynamic cars are more efficient than ones trying to harvest wind resistance. this is fail.
how many times must microsoft fail at building search engines to realize that they suck at it, so they can spend more resources to such at building other software?
i came here to say "yeah, that's me", then actually looked at bing's results... especially wikipedia results. gives quick links to person-specific info that google doesn't. i'm actually impressed.
if microsoft had their way, you would be boxed into one provider, so meh.
3?
thanks. is that form=osdjas argument in the xml a referral link or just something that's standard with all searches?
replacing "vote up if..." with "who else..." apparently makes it ok to annoy me.
why so closed minded?  if i use bing and it works well then i'll use it.

i guess i've never understood fanboyism.
what the hell is bing? and why should i know about it?
spammer fi.
i'm not, because i use yahoo. this is mainly because i've had the same yahoo email address way before google was even thinking about email and i never really felt the need to change. i mean if yahoo doesn't find what i'm looking for, i'll try google but it usually returns most of the same results. now vote me down.
bing is now my homepage, i don't like monopolies, be it microsoft or google.

i'm going to use it until it pisses me off.

adding bing to firefox is as simple as clicking the "add me to your browser" link on bing.com.


terrible presenters.
but but but....the odf tards told me that nobody could support docx...it was too hard!
they add it to searches made from within the site, so i think it's some kind of internal unique identifier. i seriously doubt that it has anything to do with referral based advertisement or monetary compensation of any kind.
i think they must be doing a/b testing or something. there's no such link there for me.
yes, i am.  tell that cyber czar to get right on that for me, wouldja?
wow ur such a rebel
upvoted because of truthiness.  i am laying next to his mother right now, and she does in fact plan on giving bing a shot.
i've been using [ixquick](https://www.ixquick.com/) lately.  they don't log your ip, follow you around, etc.
who else thinks we should vote up this comment?
it's gaelic for, "thy turkey is done".
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=bing

that is the most authoritative site i could find with cuil.  best of luck.
reverse coolness glyphs
hilarious. i didn't write the article, though. not even associated with the blog. 

i hardly ever submit cause every time i do it's at zero, but i thought this was interesting since it was an unprecedented move by wikipedia. 

oh well! :)
check out [http://image.bing.com](http://image.bing.com) - pretty neat.
yes.  i do
my experience is limited but so far bing image searches have been more fruitful than google for me.
the concept is cool, but any guy wearing this is still just going to be a douche wearing a bracelet. 
i was more impressed with the birds eye view in maps.
you don't see this?

http://imgur.com/xd4qv.png

http://imgur.com/xd4qv.png
lol stoosdood binged a cuil
http://imgur.com/2fvp6.png
bing is now my homepage and my default search engine. i was convinced by the video previews.
quick, it's time to lobby for laws to prevent the consumers from switching to online content!
for me, searching on bing is so damn close to the user experience of searching on google that i just ended up going right back to google.

auto-preview videos are snazzy, and i like the pretty backgrounds, but something tells me google will roll out similar features within weeks.
interesting. what browser?
what's a cuil? i must've missed this meme.
no! viva la altavista!
actually, he probably doesn't. different features were rolled out at different times in different countries. for example, australia had no video search for a bit. 
i searched for cuil then left
yes i have. 
firefox 3.5b4, on os x. i do see the link on ie7/xp/vmware, though. maybe they just don't think it'll work on ff 3.5, so they haven't enabled it there yet. ah well. i used the lifehacker thing after all.
i agree might be nice if you could conceal it in a watch. at least conceal it somehow.
thanks for the info.. 
i'm not sure how that one slipped past me as i've been keeping up with it all, or so i thought.
the image relevance seems higher than with google.  
cuil story bro!
hotbot was awesome. i think it was because it's name sounded dirty, back when the interwebs was mostly not-porn.
i've been using [clusty](http://clusty.com/privacy) for similar reasons.
&gt;and so if enough people fail then people will just stop taking those risks.

somehow i doubt we're going to stop researching just because some people failed at monetizing their research. would superfluous research be cut down? probably. but it won't simply stop
i hate not having a trackpoint. i finally bought a bluetooth module and mouse for my laptop. next laptop will definately have one.
i'll do you one better and not use it ever.
not i. i don't have time for microsoft anymore.
i liked the endless pages of image thumbnails in the image search.

but i didn't like the extreme raunchiness when filtering was turned off. eww. there's unfiltered, and then there's unfiltered.

google seems to strike a nice middle ground where they don't actually show you the feces-smearing-fetish shots in the first couple of pages of results, even if filtering is turned off. bing, on the other hand, fails on this score. ballmer's like: you want unfiltered? ok, here you go, goatse squared in your face. or hers, rather. if you don't want to see this kind of stuff, stay far away from bing.


wolfram, google, 'nuf said.
they suck at building other software too.
and recycle your plastic containers!
if they can't win with bing himself, they're doomed.
mythic map pack stole my katana armor #bungiesucks
it gets points for being succinct. bing google and all you get is this:

http://www.bing.com/search?q=google&amp;go=&amp;form=qbre
same with me. it's not that i trust ms any more or less than google -- just a good idea to spread my web fingerprint around a bit.
does anyone else share [this unfortunate association](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0yld_9lrgu) with the word bing?
thinks
i had the same issue; clearing my cookies fixed it.
i searched greese and it automatically assumes i was searching for the movie grease. i had the country in mind. i had to click on a different link just to confirm i really wanted greese.
well, all corporations want to make money.  however, not all corporations want to restrict you to do it.  for example, google wave is going to be open source so anyone can run a server.  when is the last time microsoft has done something like that?
i've gone beyond this, to entirely invented names, at times, whenever not engaging in a transaction necessitating my real name.  
  
i was nonetheless more than a little surprised (mainly for typographical reasons) when i received mail addressed to *publius cornelius scipio africanus major*.
that right there has convinced me to give it another shot.
i just binged myself and was pleased with the results.
no, "bing" just sucks as a verb, so i'll just keep googling and pass on... binging, ugh. 
it sounded like a good plan to me.
the same people who make vacation plans for cleveland.
actually, i will say, "that was cuil." and then go right back to google.

do you mean greece?
agree.

bing looks really good from a few minutes of use.  i only hope i can turn off the built in functionality that causes a query like "reddit" to just bring up reddit.com because the engine decides it was such a good match. you can get the other results with another click, but i think this is being the reverse of useful

other than that i like all the added features like related searches and i've been getting good results.  another competitor is a good thing.
it would help if you wrote down the country name correctly... greece
classy.  yeah, blame bing for that one.
i like the fact thats there the side bar for images, makes life easier sifting through them :)
cleveland rocks.
cuil.com

wikipedia it

google it

love it
ohhhhhhhhh
.
.
.
hi
.
.
.
.
.
oh
i must admit i do like how additional images are added as you scroll down the screen so everythings on one page. might be a bit painful on dialup but then again apart from new zealand which country still uses that?
spelling *greece* correctly probably helps it's relevancy.
it sounded like a good plan to me.
cheerfully embracing my evil overlord.
bing is great for porn.

search for porn in their videos section, you can sample all of the videos straight from the search page!
i planned to use it and if it was better or equal, add it to my list in my search bar in firefox.

it wasn't better, so i didn't add it.
if we all moved to our favorite vacation spots then the whole world would live in hawaii or italy or cleveland.
crosby?
yesterday, my friends were joking about competing to see who could figure out how to connect to their works vpn first on their phones (g1 vs. iphone of course). he found a version of vpnc compiled for android in about 5 minutes, but putting packages on at the os level wasn't something he was going to get done during working hours. 

much hacking later g1 was talking to the vpn, but not so much luck for the iphone.. ;-) this is the simple instructions to get it working on your g1 as well!
so no matter what, everyone will go back to google.
has anyone mentioned that he didnt spell 'greece' correctly?  maybe that's why your search didn't result in the results you were searching for
trying is the first step to failure.
  -- h. simpson
been using live for a long time.  the search works well and i really like the pictures they rotate every day.  still not sure about the name.  i think i liked live better.
fuck the buckeyes!
not only that, but i like how you can immediately change the "parental controls" setting on the same page (immediately underneath the text field to boot, instead of scrolling to the bottom of the page, clicking a link, going to another page and then coming back) for uh... research purposes. -_-;
i think this is gonna be useful....!
&gt;i tried cuil for a while but it wasn't very good.

it took you a while to figure this out? ;) 
as far as i was aware ms disabled pae on all their consumer 32bit os's because of problems with drivers. 

my original point is that a lot of the time poor drivers affect ms's bottom line more than the hardware vendors. 

there is always the argument that the os should be built in more robust way to handle driver crashes. although i would assume graphics drivers will have fairly low level access to the hardware making this more than a simple issue.
shhh.  google is an unearthly being. 

the idea that its feats could be duplicated is madness.
and [it's not detroit](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/8ixdd/hastily_made_cleveland_tourism_video_at_least/).
hey, in case you haven't heard, you meant "greece".
that would be a terrible place to visit.
and my axe!
wow.  that's such and embarrassing post i'm surprised you've not deleted it by now.


i just came here to say that op, your mom's fine; crazyjayhawk was crying all night. all they did was talk ;p
that's *ms.* chanandler bong.
tried it... didn't like it.

image search for "tits" turned this up (once the filter was set to off): http://www.kengreenlee.com/random/tits.jpg
&gt;i tried cuil for a while but it wasn't very good.

...

words fail me. 
no; stills &amp; gnash.
i used to use dogpile until i realized that google was more useful then all of the other engines combined.
i don't see it in chrome. surprise, surprise.
why would you go looking for goatse in the first place?  it's not exactly something i want to find....
there's a bing in that group?
well, your dog isn't missing anything by not eating chocolate, anyway.
http://www.hulu.com/watch/856/30-rock-cleveland-get-away
google already knows me. microsoft has a history of selling me products that don't live up to their name. i think i know where my choice is.

i'll stick to google, thanks.
the city of cleveland?
all i know, is that it contains the phrases "vote up if" and "who else", and other people have voted it up.

i don't even know what it's about, but since i want to be just like everybody else, clearly i'm gonna have to vote it up too.
it was relatively complicated - apparently my mbr and my boot partition were on different disks using different interfaces.  once i figured that out, i figured out how to boot from my hd in a different machine.

it seems like my sata has failed in my main computer.  do you think there's any way to fix it?  is it possible there's a jumper or bios option i can reset, or am i stuck with getting an addon card or new mainboard?
twitter and facebook widgets are the new weather and news widgets.  a glorified hello world for web functionality.
i would like google to stop innovating for a little bit and fix what's broken.  and maybe move some things out of beta.
i hadn't planned on saying "that was nice."
i already did it.
there needs to be a little favorite comment star like with twitter.
foxnews: search engines can find porn
what's the opposite of fanboyism?  i think this isn't so much google fanboyism as ms hatin'.
no! i have an irrational attachment to google's marketing! 

grrr sp-kint erchchchch (the gears in my head)
it was, once.  oh, wired, you crazy dog you.
because you seem to think that microsoft purposely skews the results away from  competitors, instead of the more logical reason being that the **beta testers for microsoft** might cause the initial results to be microsoft oriented.

if you type gnumeric into bing you get the same top result as google.

but, yes, you're probably correct.. microsoft knows all of the possible competitors to every product it has (past, present, and future) and subtly places them 1-3 slots down.
i wasn't going to vote you down but you asked me to.  then for a moment i was tempted to spite your passive aggression with an up-vote, but the moment passed.  so here's your down vote.
this apply's to other players too. 

http://search.yahoo.com/

just saying.
was it the mouse-over porn previews?
i plan on not using it. simpler than visiting and going eh, ok, etc...
well, i don't know about fanboyism, but microsoft has a reputation (whether it's deserved or not) of being an 800-pound gorilla that crushes the competition (or buys it) and then slows innovation to near standstill. (ie is the freshest example, but there may still be sore feelings about windows 95, word, and excel). it's that long-term stagnation result that people are fearing.
that's what i plan on doing
you don't like monopolies, and bing is by microsoft, and your response is setting your homepage to a microsoft site?  as opposed to a search engine by a company who is not a monopoly? 

good choice.
google is a web services company and not a software company.
your logic is incorrect at best, and hilarious.

i bet in the future, someone will start saying,

**"hey, i'm gonna bing that!"**

...that actually sounds kinda catchy yet dirty at the same time...
[here you go](http://www.chinavasion.com/product_info.php/pname/bluetooth-watch-with-vibration-and-caller-id-display/).
&gt;windows 95
...
&gt;long-term stagnation

wat?
you mean just like with wolfram alpha?

edit: i think the main advantage to bing is people are already using it is a verb. you can't "live" or "yahoo" anything, but you can bing it.
its what canada is best known for, anyway.
greece is the word
i can't argue with the relevance, but they [sure](http://www.bing.com/images/search?q=fisting+nuns&amp;go=&amp;form=qb) don't understand the 'moderate safe search' concept. *nsfw*
its all good!

i just created [/r/whoelse](http://www.reddit.com/r/whoelse/). hopefully, if it gets big you'll be able to filter these kinds of posts in the future.
thanks for the dismissive "google it" response. i don't really care much about it, i simply ask "what is this meme about"....and i get brushed aside. go fuck yourself.
depends, does bing censor like google?
what the hell is a 'bing'.
a few years back google release a search engine called searchmash which did the same thing. except on all their search results, not just images.  why ms only did that for images is beyond me.
the image search is pretty nice. i like being able to scroll through all results instead of clicking new page all the time.
word and excel have been very good at what they do for a very long time. what would you suggest comes anywhere close to them?
you switch over to bing and your first thought is to check out fisting nuns?
chandler bing
italy's not that bad.
it was 3 years to win98, which wasn't much improvement. finally we got winxp but we languished with that for many years until vista, which seemed like just waking up to meet the threat of a rising os x. so yes, stagnation. i wish geoworks had won. my second choice would have been os/2. yeah, i'm an old fogie.
what does the beta label matter? it's only there so they can make quick changes and not suffer any consequences ("what did you just do to my email!?"). so far, it's worked fine. google's "beta" is completely different to anyone elses.
i have a question. i use gmail with (apple)mail. when i mark stuff as spam, does it tell it to gmail, or just to the spam filter of mail? also, i almost never receives spam on gmail, is this because spam that goes through gmail ends un blocked in mail?
would it bother you to actually read the comment your replying to ? :p

edit : after taking a second look i see what you mean, yet most of these comments did not appear on my comments page (i didnt refresh :p) sorry ;p
i still use altavista...occasionally.
i'd much prefer a bluetooth bracelet that *is* the phone. callerid, voice dialing and a bluetooth headset. that would be cool.
it's good to be skeptical.  in my opinion he takes things a little too far.  that is, he is very enthusiastic about his love.  not everything can pan out.  but that doesn't mean that everything is of little value either.
that sounds like my plan, except for the using bing once part.
i haven't used it much yet, but i'll probably take a closer look once google fails me on finding whatever obscure page i decide to look for next.
you forgot win2k.
bing it
i guess you have never searched for something where google has a financial interest.


who else plans on using google once, then going "eh, ok, that was nice" and then going right back to altavista?
us canadians won't be flocking to the site. [take a look.](http://bit.ly/hk1ly)
you don't think ms skews its own interests up a little? 
ooooh, you're so cute.
yeah, that didn't really work for the [voteupif subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/voteupif).
"eh, ok" maybe but "that was nice" probably not. i refuse to use a service that keeps revamping itself and changing its name every three years.
i don't mind the "beta" badge, but i can't see it doing anything positive for the gmail brand.  if anything, in light of the recent smattering of outages, it's made me question their quality and their confidence in their own software.
hotbot
not true, everyone's 'beta' is now 'shrugs'.
google changed beta from a testing phase to an excuse.
3: there is no step 3!

or so jeff goldblum told me..
apathy.
the good news is when windows and ie constantly try to rape you by asking you what default search you want, at least it wont suck as much as msn search
maybe google is trying to turn "beta" into a brand name like microsoft did with its "live" package.
what is bing? 
win95 had problems, but was light years ahead of anything else at the time.


i emma italian, so i uppa-voted you.
to clarify: you're planning on trying the product, but ignoring the quality when making your decision on whether to use it?

thanks
i don't plan if i will like a thing before actually using it, i am not a fanboy.


on the other hand, i tried, i was expecting it too suck, and it sucked, bad.

one simple example.


i have just re-watched the movie boiler room (2000), there is a great quote in that movie:

[don't pitch the bitch](http://www.google.com/search?q=don%27t+pitch+the+bitch)

googles gets you what you would expect, the quote page of the movie at imdb.


[don't pitch the bitch](http://www.bing.com/search?q=don%27t+pitch+the+bitch&amp;form=qblh&amp;filt=all)

microsoft gets you blog shitware.

to this day i can't yet understand why it is so hard to build a search engine that ranks the results just like google. why can't they write a algorithm that perform like google, maybe even copying its results and change them a little.

we are talking billion of dollars here.


nice try  special agent.
damn.

i was going for something a little different in my mind when i made it. i was hoping to take the following traffic:

who else is getting a shitton of spam on gmail?!

is facebook going slow for anyone else??

etc, etc, etc away from askreddit since they changed the rules to delete posts like that. might work, but judging by the past it probably wont.

worth a try though at least.
[worstofed](http://www.reddit.com/r/worstof/comments/8p150/yeah_bing_sucks/)
do you ride to work on a stagecoach?
i'm pretty sure you meant to type grease.


same here.
commercials are bad for mental health. this is no surprise.
excite
i couldn't very well use *flowers* to check image relevance, so actually *fisting nuns* was my second thought.  
i think the crappyness of ie led to the advances we've seen in firefox and webkit. microsoft hasn't stopped the development of alternatives.

if bing comes out on top, and then stagnates, you can bet that a competitor will rise and take its place.
excel is very good at what it does.  word is mediocre and unpredictable, and is only popular because of its entrenched market share.
would that be a good thing or a bad thing... and probably
thunk.

wanker.
soon as we get burners that can do what burners do for a good price, then all will go blu-ray.
oh god, 


iirc, hotbot would let you exclude sites that did not use javascript results. i always wondered why it didn't work the other way around. probably because they wanted to encourage people to go for the cool new stuff, as you say.
is the word, that you heard
nothing, the competition was crushed. you're stuck. 

do i have to go over the ancient history? back in '90 or so, word and excel lagged behind wordstar and lotus123. microsoft delayed the release of windows 3.1 to give their word and excel teams a 6-month lead time on the new windows api, so when they released win 3.1 and the new word and excel, wordstar and lotus had to play catch-up. by the time they adjusted to the new api, almost everyone had switched, and wordstar and lotus couldn't keep up anymore. there's nothing anyone could do about it. i'm old enough to remember this. i'm not anti-microsoft or anything, just an objective observer. microsoft's practices are effective and smart and good for raking it in... and not very good for innovation.
cuil was a search engine that was announced as the google-killer.
they helped
ah, the younger generation! once upon a time, everybody had heard of [him](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bing_crosby).
grooveshark.com
i'd say it loses points for being succinct.  google's first results for "google" are news items, which is a lot more useful.
[clusty](http://www.clusty.com)
yes.  almost every spam email i get now is from "me", which is a right pain in the arse.  my public-facing email address remains (relatively) spam-free, but my @gmail.com one seems to be going to town on myself.

which means that unless google's suddenly stopped honouring its own spf, its smtp servers have been compromised.
except in rugby.
holy fuck that's brilliant! kids will always find porn, but with this they're at least protected from spyware. 
no, chandler.
that drew carey musical number spontaneously happens every day here. 
your best is hilarious (ok, that was logically incorrect).
&gt; if microsoft had their way, you would be boxed into one provider, so meh.

that's why microsoft only lets you run windows on their own brand computers. and don't get me started about how they lock down their phones.
you can also get one never-ending page on google with the autopager firefox extension
i almost never get spam in my gmail inbox ... until this weekend ... it trickles in and is damn annoying.
bing to me is exactly the same as live search, completely shit
nice.  your third part became your first part, with no other parts.
word perfect muthafucka!
that's the inside mechanics of some sort of piggy bank. i used to have one when i was a kid.
i'll give you an up vote in an effort to make you feel bad for voting me down for my prediction that i would be voted down on the basis that i use yahoo searches rather than google...which is blasphemy around these parts.
lycos
i get about 3 spam emails an hour to my gmail account but almost all of them go to my spam folder. i'd say about once a season a spam email makes it into my inbox, that's how i know the seasons have changed.
that was part of live maps.
i thought the googles were self-aware since 2:14am edt august 29, 1997
bingo!
i guess it didn't catch on for search results because more pages = more ads shown.  although bing/live doesn't seem to have ads on image search
i don't plan on using it at all.  guess i'm ahead of the curve.
i find ysearch.com is easier to type if you're going to use yahoo.

also : ask
why let facts get in the way of a good rant?
i did that too... it cracked me up.
its fine, seems to work but i have gmail, a bunch of google docs and a fully tuned up google desktop with all my favourite widgets. it would be awkward to stray, so bing would have to be a stellar improvement to justify that. i saw the new features and while there are a few interesting things, google is still my homepage.
the problem with bing is that google works fine. who needs another search engine? a competitor needs to do something different, like wolfram alpha, which is pretty neat (although i've yet to find real use for it beyond novelty).
yep, and i won't use linux because when i tried to use a usb keyboard on my router (2.2 kernel) i had to find a bunch of packages and recompile the kernel. i mean sure - that was ten years ago, but why bother changing my opinion? 
i think that the title bar for bing is the most disgusting thing ever. i want my search engine to look simplistic and intelligent, not like a scam for a travel agency.
actually, i'm taking out the middle man and not bothering to even try bing and continuing to use google.
saying "i'm going to 'bing' something" just doesn't roll off the tongue the same way as "i'm going to 'google' something". so, alas, google's market dominance remains secure. 
how can this be at the top ?????????

120105 subscribers,
this sub has been overtaken by morons
it's like new york without the stuff.
sheeesh. last time i try to explain the source of microsoft's reputation. yes, i realize times have changed. thanks, anyway, for partly explaining linux's reputation. i've been out of the linux loop.
notepad.exe muthafucka!
what is bing? i guess i'll never use it.
bing will be the new cuil.
i use ixquick as an alternative to google.  it's questions like these that are inadvertently promoting google...google, who logs all your searches!
  
(ixquick doesn't log anything,and the search includes a google search!) 

and ixquick.com also provides the plug-in for firefox. so why even talk so much about google any more, unless you are just unaware? 
do you know what italians call the northern part of the united states? 

uppa us!
bing there, done that. 
what we really need is a vote function to move things to other reddits.
do you know what a bigamist is? 




...a large fog, over italy!
excel is terrible on the mac.
yeah, i don't ever get spam in my inbox. i mark anything that does ever stray or has strayed as spam and i don't think i've had a real spam hit my eyes for a few months now. google's spam filter borders on god-tier.
i find it quite disturbing when people use the slogan 'it's all good.'
sometimes i wonder what they might say if they got smashed across the face with a 2x4.   

(and i mean that in the nicest, most gentle possible way.)
what a sad waste of money.  why even compete?  what wrong wrong with live search?  that sucked, why is bing any better?  because its google with a pretty background?  
i remember when i stuck by yahoo's side because it was the first search engine i ever knew about. i defended it until it was very clear that google was a million times better.

then i didn't talk about my relationship with it ever again until now.

thanks for bringing up those memories.
fanboyism = brand loyalty = favourite sports team = personal religion =  being closed to new experiences because that person is so deeply invested in an idea that it must be true and all others false, because if their idea was false then it would follow that their life and thought process and way of determining truth and falsity would also, possibly, be false. 

that's my take.
no, its just you. somebody just thought your email address needed to be added to a spam bot.
look, flyswat, are we really supposed to believe you're not working for microsoft?
i searched for reddit and the number one related link was "nsfw.reddit.com". is it predicting my behavior before i ever even visit?

something tells me that these guys bought my profile from somewhere.
yeah, but it's silly to ask people to use an inferior search engine.  bing seems to be at least as good as google, for the most part.
you sir have failed, and i am taking one internets from you.
sorry, i wasn't aware you could buy google mail, google search, google documents, etc in the shop, or for the most part run them on your pc like any other app.
bingo? i love bingo. i just wish i could remember the word to shout when you win...
no
warrantless wire cutting
bing is actually pretty good, and have you tried video search... mind blowing!
longcat is long
guess it wasn't that big of a deal.
sounds like we belong to two different schools of thought. you feel that everyone who expects to be shown courtesy should show just as much courtesy to others, no matter how deluded, misled or misleading those other people may be. i believe that people whose opinions are backed by physical reality are superior to those without a clue, and that the clueless should show respect and courtesy to those from whom they need to learn. 

there are lots and lots of people in both camps (certainly, the msm seemed to give equal play to bs peddlers and scientists for the last 8 years), and i certainly do respect your position. but i do not subscribe to this relativistic point of view -- every viewpoint does not demand equal time and equal courtesy. 
when dec ran altavista, it was cool. they built a one-trick pony server that only took search requests, handed those off to a major bank of vax mini-computers, and returned the results. it was a showcase of what their hardware could do, and made money for the company that way. no ads.

yahoo categories was cool in it's day. so was the u of minn gopher server.


i know you're listening
at least it wasn't that fucking lotus boob pic.
now how long till someone splices into this cable?
looks like microsoft just one-upped the wii.
nowadays corps give away something to sell something else. ibm subsidizes linux to sell hardware/service; google gives away android to sell search sockets; ms subsidizes xbox hardware to sell games; apple breaks even on itunes/appstore to sell hardware, etc, etc.

&gt; not all corporations want to restrict you to do it

no corporation can make money for very long if their product (or equiv) can be had for free elsewhere. so all corporations *do* want to restrict you to using their product.

google's profit comes from their massive data banks, and the network effect that keeps it larger than everyone else's. when they open that up, then you can say they don't restrict the users.

$300,000 to repair a cut in an unmarked, secret  fiber line.. that was fixed in the same day it was cut. if they presented me with such a bill, i would demand $600,000 from them just to make sure that my crews didn't "inadvertently" cut it again. 
as i had said, during the format wars. i'm sorry, but i was stuck selling the things during the time and the advantage/disadvantages were covered during sales training.
yeah, it's horrible. i don't want crap playing when my mouse moves across the pane.
bing!


i just like saying it.


**bing!**
isn't that called extortion? 
probably can't blame that one on bing.
like when i went to whitehouse.com as a kid. it wasn't what i was looking for, yet it was at the same time;  if you know what i mean.
the way it shows videos is better too, just hover over the result and it starts playing.  a bit better than a simple thumnail and a whole lot more relevant.
wait, this happened 9 years ago?
i'll be extremely surprised if it is actually that much better than eyetoy or dsi, both of which have a ton of trouble following single moving points accurately
i'll believe it when i see it.  microsoft did impress me a lot with the new xbox interface, but a lot of the things in the natal promo video on xbox live looked outright impossible.  also, where's my iptv?!?!?!
you have to compress the air at a rate such that the heat is dissipated fast enough to keep it cool (or put fins and shit on it). or take it from a larger cylinder at the desired pressure. whole lotta work for not much benefit...
tesla invented the radio not marconi &gt;.&gt; 
i've actually been using live search for a while now(i switched it to my homepage because they always have really interesting images on the search page).  i'm really not seeing many differences beyond the domain name-- my guess is they have been phasing in most of the things for a while now.
http://arstechnica.com/gaming/news/2008/01/3dv-shows-off-wii-like-camera.ars

http://arstechnica.com/gaming/news/2009/05/microsofts-big-surprise-at-e3.ars

http://news.teamxbox.com/xbox/18908/report-microsoft-plans-to-buy-3dv-systems/

it works.
and don't forget about evil steve... ballmer... with his non-relenting optimism and ridiculous turtle necks and jeans.
perhaps try running the gmail client on the blackberry then - press 8 to mark a spam.
when google loses your data, and you complain, they say "beta".

3: profit.
not really, but i've been getting an unusual ammount of fud recently...
just curious: do you watch television shows on the intertubes or dvd? or have you just given up all programming entirely?
as dirty as "google?"


porn?  in *my* internet?
and an express route to a secret government hit list...
are we talking about microsoft and apple, or microsoft and google?  i'm confused...  i don't think apple is a part of this particular clash of corporations.
&gt;then we looked at another implementation that uses your body to control a simple avatar; this was a little squishier, but it still worked very well for a camera that is going to be so affordable.

&gt;there was also an interface that allows you to use hand gestures to control a media center, and although it was slightly cumbersome, it did work. 

there's a difference between those statements and what they show in their little demo video, which makes everything look silky smooth and magical.  i'm definitely looking forward to this attachment, but i'll wait for some reviews to see if it actually works like they claim it does.

it's not that i'm complaining, this seems like a great idea, i just find that microsoft spends a lot of time selling the sizzle and forgets to cook the steak.
i don't think it's too bad. the index is apparently larger than google. (certainly larger than bing). features are pretty good too - it has general functional-parity with google. 

what's it missing in your mind? 
curses!  your passive aggression is too strong.  i'll up vote this one to balance them out.
nice comment posted on wired *inadvertent cable-cutting shows just how utterly vulnerable the whole network is. cyberspace a security mess. and now if a person places some strategic explosives in numerous locations where cables are, the entire country would go into the dark ages - with armies standing around waiting for orders - coming from a megaphone at the pentagon. all someone would have to do is place some explosives at key cell phone locations, and that system would also go down. is anyone securing this stuff? we’re so dependent on technology it should be red alert on the security priority list.*

i guess we should work on implementing a "network" that has some reduncancy features..perhaps we could call it arpanet?
pro : faster.

con : unsafe to sniff
i don't see a problem  here.
"won't someone think of the children!" says fox news.
satellite also arranges a monopoly with local municipalities in order to deliver "local channels" which in my area are all of the major broadcast networks.

since in my locality the satellite can't deliver popular major networks, the cable monopolies are free to hose away.  in other localities, the satellite and cable fees are nearly identical.
&gt; no corporation can make money for very long if their product (or equiv) can be had for free elsewhere. so all corporations do want to restrict you to using their product.

openoffice vs. office, ubuntu vs. windows, bottled water vs. tap., the new york times vs. nytimes.com, the list goes on...
of course.
skynet is catchier.
i watch daily show, colbert on the internet, lost, bg off torrents, weeds on netflix.

i suppose you're not aware that our combat radios (you know, the ones that hop all over a retardedly large frequency range) can in moments be redeployed to form a network.

the us army specializes in chaos, they'd be fine.
typical rate is $1m per hour if you cut a fiber trunk line. the telecom values it at service lost, a typical fiber trunk line break can knock out hundreds of thousands of houses.

this of course is different, being a dark line for some secret reason, but the telecom probably just used their typical billing rate.
thanks, typo.
completely honest opinion here - i like bing.

from a couple quick searches i think the search results are more relevant (really i just found out my website ranks higher on bing searches), the picture scheme with the scrolling pictures is cool, and although google video is probably better, their video section is a nice approach. i set it to my default search engine for a week, see how it goes. honestly, i really like it.
indeed - as partly shown in that they would have known the rough distance from the stations to where the break occurred.
if there are fewer labs to develop film to begin with, how they hell are they going to do dailies when shooting with 65mm?  how many 65mm labs can you name in the united state?  or did they not teach you that in film school?

edit: [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8obuz/how_regular_movies_become_imax_films/c09xvt9) is the post you're desperately seeking, i guess you ignored that because i called you out on your ass talking
the image search feature has one useful feature that google is missing: infinite scroll.  as you scroll down the page, they populate more results below.

example: disable safe search and image search "tits".  then scroll.  and keep on scrolling.  infinite boobies.
"i've been googling your father."

"so i've heard"
this could either be awesome, or it could end up being "project anal"
greese is the wurd
&gt; **your boss**: but fiber is just carrying *light*... so just... uhh... use *refraction*...
also: ice salesmen suffering as more people switch to electric refrigerators.
i agree. i just bought my girlfriend a [samsung nc10](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b001i45ta8?ie=utf8&amp;tag=thaalotman-20&amp;linkcode=as2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creative=390957&amp;creativeasin=b001i45ta8) for less than that kindle.

i bet if you check your librarys' website you'll find that you can download books from them.

i'd recommend getting a [cheap palm](http://cell-phones.shop.ebay.com/items/pdas-pocket-pcs__w0qqbrandzpalmqq_dmptzpdaq5fsq5fpocketq5fpcq5fsqq_flnz1qq_sacatz38331qq_ssovz1qq_trksidzp3286q2ec0q2em282) or a [windows mobile](http://cgi.ebay.com/dell-axim-x30-312mhz-64mb-ram-rom-3-5-tft-wifi-bt-g4559_w0qqitemz370205316291qqcategoryz38331qqcmdzviewitemqq_trksidzp3907.m221qq_trkparmszalgo%3ddlskwl%26its%3dk%26itu%3dmbms%252buck%26otn%3d12%26ps%3d48) device to read them on.
oh, i know it is, but it's possible.
why do they gotta cut the black line?
hey, i was just making fun of the comment that was posted on wired. i know that there are ways and means to get around these problems.
the only logical solution to the problem of people rejecting your product is to make the product more expensive.  can i be a cable-company executive now?
i know. but at some point it is spam for me and it isn't to you. maybe i (as many typical users) am being lazy and just hit mark as spam. i'm not saying that people should delete and not mark as spam just that a system wide filter may be problematic.
not on gmail, but on the exchange servers i manage.
no one submit comments! they're listening.  oops... 
hooking up a 3d webcam to a games console isn't all that interesting or creative, but if microsoft's api for the interface is extensive, we could see some amazing games with it.

more importantly, cheapass usb 3d webcams! woo!
have you ever noticed that it's always the black line that gets cut first in all the movies?
and i thought i got pissed when the internet stopped working...
searching for sex gets you pics and vids of sex???

who woulda thought?!?!?!
i just did this. it worked and was awesome. now i like bing.
very good of them to charge for service lost, as i very much doubt they are crediting their customers for this "lost service" on the back end unless the customer complains.
yeah, but the article was published today.
i hereby invoke internet rule #34 and eagerly await top-secret black line porn.
oh fucking well.
the "do" ruins it. just sayin'.
it looks incredible, but so did the original videos showing off the wii's motion controls. i enjoy using the wii, but the final product did not live up to the original videos. it also looks like you need a lot of open space to play the games, which doesn't seem very practical to me. 

i really do hope microsoft can pull it off though, this truly feels like the next evolution of gaming.
but can it search by image color?
most companies that care about their downtime have what are called service level agreements once the "max time to repair", aka. mttr, is surpassed the telco automatically starts subsidizing the bill. on top of that they also provide a certain percent of up time over the year, i've seen 99.99% annual uptime, that's about 1 hour a year for downtime before the bill starts getting subsidized.
i have a technical question that i assure you has absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand.

how would i go about deleting a site from the internet and remotely lighting its writers' home pcs on fire?
i've been thinking about going non-physical, too. glad to know of more resources to help with the switch.
that... is fucking retarded. 

$1m for an hour of repair? i can't even, with the vast and varied scope of emotions expressible though human language, begin to describe how ungodly ridiculous that is. i don't care how much service is lost; imo there is a certain limit on how much "per hour" is morally justifiable, and $1m is way over that limit. but that's just me.
we're also watching too. take your left hand off the side of your face and straighten up.
out of interest did you pull that number out of nowhere or is that accurate? because man, that is a large number, although yeah, i can see it justified.
it's only the consumers, the ones paying the bulk of their revenue that get fucked.
go cut the fibre to wall street and see what sort of a bill you get landed with.
&gt;secret service

riiiiiiiiiight.
no. rfc822 just lumps it in the local-part. it's up to the receiving mailserver to decide how to handle them.
they just wanted to gitmo money.
it's b**s**g.
[registration is open right now. i can usually downlaod a half hour of standard-def in about 3 minutes.](http://tv.torrents.ro/signup.php)
moreover, wave has sender identity built-in - the federation protocol mandates tls on server-to-server links, and i believe they're planning on requiring that deltas be signed by the server that submits them. this will do a lot to help stop spam by simply ensuring that the sending domain can never be forged.
i can only stand to watch about an hour of television or one movie each week. i find it stressful to not be doing something.
i was wondering how one might be able to surreptitiously listen into a fibre optic cable. i imagine you could cut open one section and insert a prism like device, a light-splitter. but if you do that, there is less light reaching the original end-point, so you could presumably detect the tap by detecting the signal attenuation. not to mention that the initial break in the line will have men with shotguns on you within three minutes.

anyone know if it could be done?
it makes me wonder if they are thinking of some weird techno-salvation where a simulation of your consciousness is uploaded.
no they get the level of service they pay for.
unless you're tapping the trunk directly for your internet, it's up to the lower level isp's to pass the savings on to you.
i can understand that it would be at least mildly upsetting if the entire internet for wall street was cut. but i *don't* understand why the fios provider thinks it's their responsibility to bill for "supposed services lost." 

i'm not taking out a contract for a services pow-wow... i want an internet connection, and a fast one at that. if they would just charge $1m per hour "because that's the way it is," then that would be fine (still pricey, but hey, i'm no fortune 500 company). 

like i said, i guess i'm more astounded at the gall of a fios company to assume the position of "services appraiser"
i was doing exactly that.... lol
exactly, that's why the mouse is in your *right* hand.
for some reason i imagine black stick figures having sex
i'd like to see a kickback from the $1m per hour whenever my connection is down. :)
if it happened 3 months ago, it's "history" - 65 years ago, "great marketing."
they might not have to splice - from what i have read you can bend the fiber optic and then put a passive tap on the outside and read the signal using the bleed-through. 

whether or not a successful tap would be usable to anyone would be highly doubtful though.  i would be surprised if the traffic wasn't covered by some pretty severe encryption.
also, tha or da
they can justify that kind of punitive billing because if you follow the correct procedures and know how to read a map, you won't cut anything.  this line was not on the map.
makes sense that at&amp;t is the one to fix the nsa's connection.
ah, but google's whole business is based on advertising. they provide search results to people and sell advertising on the search results to their actual clients. it's like radio or tv used to be: get attention from consumers and sell it to other people. true, google is messing around with selling physical objects now, but it's _nothing_ like the basis of microsoft's income.

microsoft is in the business of selling physical boxes of data, either plastic boxes or inside computers. (they also have a nice little hardware sideline -- they make decent peripherals -- but it's beans next to windows and office.) they compete directly against the stuff you're looking for. if you do a search on google, you've _already bought the product google is selling_ -- you went to their site and you're giving them your attention. even if you're the kind of person who googles "yahoo.com", you're still participating. and if google delivers you the information you wanted, you'll probably be back next time you want to search for ebay.com or something equally silly. with microsoft, they're not really in the business of selling advertising. maybe they're trying to break into it, but at the moment they benefit greatly from people not understanding what linux is, or thinking all computers are "made by microsoft, aren't they?" they have a vested interest in keeping information from you.

am i missing something here? seriously?


resetting your cmos may or may not help, chances lean heavily toward "not" but give it a shot. who knows it may just work. if the controller is toast it's easier to just get a new one. an expansion card will probably use better components than an onboard controller, and if a card ever does die it's just a matter of swapping it out for a new one whereas as you've discovered when an onboard component goes on you you're stuck with it in there. i wouldn't recommend replacing the motherboard with an identical one unless you know for sure your problem is a fluke.

which option you choose depends on how much you've got (and are willing) to spend.
you can always pull a brokep and not pay.
but if that's true, doesn't that mean the beta testers for microsoft are doing a pretty terrible job? shouldn't search engine results be a dependable algorithm? if i'm not searching microsoft's website, do i _want_ my results to be "microsoft oriented"?
once you cut black you never... oh forget it.
scratch that. reverse it.
you're getting downvoted because it's supposed to be *silent* surveillance.
but where would it originate?

unless there is a "side effect" that allows the gene to be passed on more favorably when it is not being activated.
that is classified codeword under the provisions of the national security act of 1947, as amended, in addition to a whole ton of administrative protocols which are too numerous to mention here.  if you are able to secure access to the codeword from your immediate supervisor, who does not know the codeword to enhance security, you will only be able to view said material within the confines of a secure compartmented information facility.

or we can just shoot you now.
no, they get the level of service they're willing to agree to. if more people said "screw you" to the telcos, cable cos etc due to their tos the tos would get changed in a hurry.

edit: i see there are a *lot* of people here who don't like the mirror i've put in front of them. that makes it even sadder.
i wouldn't know. i use yahoo mail and never get any spam.
i don't understand how what you said conflicts with what i said. by paying for your service you're agreeing to the tos, thus getting the level of service you are paying for.
i'm not arguing with you, i'm just telling you how i read his sentence.
&gt; thankfully, the drugs were detected before the trailer left the plant. 

*rolls eyes*
thanks. that was exactly what i needed. i up vote bombed your profile page:d
it doesn't conflict at all, my comment is just a refinement of yours. i wanted to point out that rather than being a money thing for most people it *should* be an agreement thing, so if they quit agreeing to bad terms things might change.
there's white stick figures in it too. you just can't see them since they blend in with the background.
i would do it thusly: break the line in one place with a construction crew. break the line further from the observation point and insert a prism coupled with a repeater, to make the light strength identical to what it is without the prism in place. then read from your prism. and make sure you get all this done before the other break is fixed.
i like enforced share ratios and the resulting fast downloads.
and talk about over-pricing.

$300k for a wire? o m g.
shopping with bing is also pretty awesome.
oh my god, and i always think that formatting and reinstalling will give me a clean pc
concievably you can just cut the line, use the same or compatible terminating equipement they are using and then retransmit the data to the output line as well as spliting it for your use.
if this is for example a link between two tcp/ip routers, a well funded organization could do it flawlessly. there are alot of technical aspects, like preserving all the ttl values as well as not introducing noticable latency. 
you wouldn't steal a car, would you?
yes you can by using an otdr.

[otdr](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optical_time_domain_reflectometer)
are you trying to say that white stick figures all look the same to you??
wow, my apologies. usually i'm more careful about my grammar. on there is how it should read.
the people beta testing (e.g. those who are part of the developer network) use, support, and develop for microsoft products. the reason the search engine seems biased is because so many ms users have searched for ms related things on it.

it is an adaptive algorithm. every search engine adapts to what people search for the most. that's why google tracks which links you click out on instead of just giving a direct link.

simpler:

if my primary job is to support an active directory setup, and i'm beta testing bing.. my searches are going to be heavily related to ms stuff.

rinse/repeat for hundreds/thousands of ms community people, and you get ms focused results at the beginning. if more people use the search you will see that bias fade.
eh, nothing against yahoo in particular.  never really use it, so can't criticize.  sorry for the unclear wording.

just meant to say that your generalization doesn't hold for all other search engines (e.g. cuil).
i accidentally the black line.


presumably because they couldn't release the information at the time.
oh, and we should tie it in to missile systems everywhere, for extra redundancy!
sure, because americans wouldn't be upset if their top attraction was guantánamo bay. and yes, i know it is in cuba, but you get the point.
huh. so at this point in its development it's supposed to be kind of broken?

i still can't bring myself to trust it -- any more than i'd ask a car salesman for advice on which car to buy.
when the internet in my neighborhood went down, i went to the local comcast office and demanded that they fix it. they said they would send a truck sometime that night. 

*that night?!?* 

so i stood there shooing people away from the store, telling them that comcast doesn't care about them, and they won't fix what was broken. 

they eventually broke down and sent a truck out, and i followed that truck until they reached the problem spot. i then proceeded  to watch them as they fixed it until they were done.

i am *fucking serious* about my internets.
imagine the kind of data the government could have lost. the charge is usually $1m per hour if they lose coverage over a large area.
waitaminute! tar sands are nothing to be ashamed of.
no, the ted conferences. 
everyone
i don't get otdr. i get ogc, but no matter which way i tilt my head otdr doesn't make anything.
it's not broken. it is reflecting what the userbase has searched for. it just so happens that the initial userbase were all heavy ms related techs/developers. as more non-ms tech/devs use it the results will be more in line with the average person.

and this whole argument is ridiculous. 
why is it ridiculous to question the veracity of sources of information?
notice i said "their product **(or equiv)**".


* openoffice &lt;&gt; office (many reasons)
* ubuntu &lt;&gt; windows (legacy apps/periphs, at least). and windows per-unit profit seems to be dropping with netbooks due to pressure from linux.
* nyt is bleeding money from all sides: [chart](http://finance.yahoo.com/q/bc?s=nyt&amp;t=5y&amp;l=on&amp;z=m&amp;q=l&amp;c=)

the bottled water case is interesting... for one, tap water isn't available when you're out and about. i'd like to see how much people spend on bottled water for home. secondly, marketing/branding can produce a product that while is technically equivalent, is seen as different. however, i'd like to see the profit margins of bottled water companies; i wonder how much competition brings the price down.


i was saddened by the absence of alternating current. this list would have been a lot better if it had been "50+ of tesla's inventions that changed the world"...
yeah, but everyone knows this 'network' of sorts is just a bunch of new-age hogwash. 
project echelon in full effect.
apple mail won't tell gmail that it is spam. in effect you are running two spam filters, one from gmail, which won't give apple mail the spam, and one from apple mail.
 porn on the internet? inconceivable!!
you never... cut back?
damn you and your smart eyeballs
anyone surprised?




1 http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2006-05-10-nsa_x.htm


2 http://online.wsj.com/article/sb120511973377523845.html?mod=hps_us_whats_news


3 http://www.wired.com/politics/security/news/2007/10/domestic_taps


4 http://blog.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/12/ny-times-nsa-wh.html


5 http://blog.wired.com/27bstroke6/2007/10/nsa-asked-for-p.html


6 http://abcnews.go.com/blotter/story?id=5987804&amp;page=1


7 http://abcnews.go.com/video/playerindex?id=2930944



everybody knows the chicken wings at _the shack_ in west vancouver is the reason to go to canada.
that's awesome. i think after a few minutes at the comcast office i would have given up and just gone back to my job. 
.xlsx btw, not *xsl*x. e*x*ce*l* *s*preadsheet *x*ml 



yeah, i usually don't do things like that, but i thought to myself "fuck it, i'm gonna make a difference!"
still probably encrypted data.
yeah, all that data coming out half way through the cable.... terrible terrible loss.
i hereby invoke internet rule #35 and await the techno remix of it.
cuil.
i dream of doing things like that, as i am yet another sad comcast customer. 

i knew i was in for a ride when the tech came to install my cable modem 2 years ago and i wound up spending 20 minutes teaching him how to set up tcp/ip on a windows machine to convince him that there was no need to put that installation cd in my computer. not his fault, really, and i was glad to show him something, but still... 
fog?
must have been a monster cable®
those are some pretty impressive suvs that the secret service has. apparently they can cut cables on their own.

&gt; "within minutes of cutting the cable, three black suv's..."
yeah, if there were enough seeds.
oh noe! they got their eyes on our oil sands!!!
apparently you don't know rule #35.

cia no fool.
wow, prompt service and for free? amazing.
not i.  i plan on not using it at all.
as an everyday idiom, "within minutes" typically means "in the space of a relatively short amount of time". but what is the "normal" response time for a cut cable? hours, perhaps days? to be a relatively fast response, someone would only have to show up three or four hours after the cable was cut... either that, or the owners of the undocumented cable (another part of the story that smells more than a little fishy) were well aware of the construction going on near their special cable and were only waiting for the event to occur.

either way, not a very interesting or meaningful story.
boo, i guess not. i wish they had a registrar for these so i'd know which ones are taken.
there doesn't seem to be anything here
the proposal amounts to a 20 percent premium over netapp's deal and would strengthen emc's position in the disk-based backup and archive market 
there's also an add-on called autopager, you can do the same thing, even for a websearch.
they probably only found the break because they drove along the line, saw a construction crew and logicaly assumed they broke the line. if the break is done covertly it would take a long time to locate.
and then your careless expenditures on credit cause a global economic crisis.
no, but the black ones sure do.
one voice. one vote!
that's why you use redundancies and wireless links...
an hdmi monster cable, mind you!
some of these are a little gadget-centric. the sony walkman and the apple ipod both making the list seemed odd. also, the playstation? i love my original playstation, but had it not been for the nintendo entertainment system, gaming would not enjoy the success that it now sees. consolation prize to the ps2 for being the most sold system ever.
stop upvoting stupid shit comments. i come here to learn about this shit from the comments. and have discussion and shit. this is ridiculous.
where did they find their material? bonus points for an answer that isn't a joke about how it's a big cycle.
i use this, it is good.
is the holocaust also exempt from rule #34?
stfu!
a refinement generally wouldn't start with "no".
or... wired is old shit?!?
in other news, bush was elected president.
it also makes it much easier to turn safe search on and off. *ahem*
in some cases if you just bend the fiber sharply enough you can cause enough light to leak out that you can recover the signal. that might or might not cause enough loss to get the owner's attention.
they just go to google and do an image search for whatever they think'll be popular, copy the first x images they like and bam, we've got breaking front page news surrounded by ads and sans context.
they can find the distance to the break instantly from both ends by measuring the time it takes for light to reflect back, if they have the appropriate equipment.
yes, but can you do that without causing a detectable increase in latency, or a detectable change in signal strength, or a detectable amount of downtime?
zing!
good to know, thanks!
it would if i were wording it to look the same as what i were replying to.

jesus fucking christ, have people become that anal retentive here? it's been like pedantic nitpick day today.
pmpn8ez
http://encyclopediadramatica.com/rules_of_the_internet
fog = mist
leave it to skynet to do that on it's own.
the stupidity of this article is mind boggling.
no.
... or the people who said 'screw you' to the telcos would get to sit in their houses without internet access. 

yaaaay.
umm yeah that would be part of not signing up for service. it usually is in fact.

if enough people do it instead of just signing something they don't agree with to get instant gratification something might just change.

as it is we've got shortsighted people signing horribly consumer hostile agreements. yaaaay.
i already have.
well, db2, i guess this is goodbye, then. 

enjoy your time offline.  read some books. explore france.  maybe get re-acquainted with your ol' pal television. 
i'm hooked up via a non-hostile provider.

how's yours? (rhetorical)
word processing india offers audio typing services from audio and online voice file. there are different types of audio transcriptions like audio transcription for business groups, for speakers, teleconferences, for media companies.

http://www.prlog.org/10174055-reliable-online-audio-typing-services.html
bird is the word.
i'm old :(
true. i was wondering more like, could it be tapped non-invasively and elegantly? i mean, i know a light wave doesn't cause magnetism, so we couldn't read the magnetism inductively like we do when tapping into a copper-wire... but does a light wave cause some other side effect that can be observed? any physics majors?
we all have seen it already like 5 times.
you should see the asian ones. not only do they look the same, they're all pixelated.
*within minutes of cutting the cable, three black suv’s pulled up carrying men in suits who complained that their line was severed.*

who says government is lazy and inneficient?!
i'm surprised the "men in suits" didn't make evreyone on site sign a nda. you'd think they wouldn't want anyoen telling this story.
[a history of wordperfect](http://www.wordplace.com/ap/) is a long, but interesting read about the rise of ms word and the fall of wordperfect corporation
no, it's the scif.

the stfu is the secure transfer facility unit that transports you to the secure compartmented information facility.

an educational improvement session has been scheduled for you to occur during your next stfu trip to the scif.

is it arm or x86? 

android doesn't seem to be all that awkward on it.
[put a donk on it.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckmvj1pik58)
blimey, that must be research then.
you're thinking of xxxkcd
&gt; that was fixed in the same day it was cut

do you think that's cheap?
my right hand's in a cast so i'm using the mouse on the left... and it's not even that bad! so, ha?
well that's not creepy at all.
i have no problem with what microsoft is trying to do. but ffs make the damn thing quieter if you want me to use it without having headphones on. 

ffs.
once it's broken, you can't tell if it gets more broken. you don't have any signal at all.
how did you know???
and i hereby invoke internet rule #godwin and eagerly await top-secret black nazi line porn.
okay, i stopped.
take away their intranets and they behave...
like us! ;)
*oontz oontz oontz*
yeah, uh - arpanet said bye-bye when the telcos got a monopoly on it and routed the whole fucking world through mae east. apparently nobody there has ever heard the term "single point of failure"
in my neighborhood too!
i always wondered why they don't just target electricity pylons.

they run unguarded throughout rural areas carrying power from the power stations to big cities. it'd be physically impossible to secure the entire grid.

i'm pretty sure a coordinated strike on maybe a dozen main pylons running into a major city would paralyze it for weeks.

this would also have the effect of cutting power to the mobile phone network and lindline phone exchanges, causing the same effect you were talking about.

also, they could set up a shop selling generators just before the bombs go off.
oh wait, now i see why you like it.
you have only "minutes" before the van arrives!  time trial!
company provides mssql db to mysql database conversion tool to easily convert all password protected database version.
yes!!! 5-10 spam in the inbox, and at least one legitimate email in spambox, never was like that before
japan: the representative for all asians. from height to accent to porn.
well, most phone exchanges (and probably cell sites) already have backup generators. though, that would be a lot of diesel to deliver to keep things going.
ah, so this is what just happened to reddit.
well, there's an easy solution to that: [you must construct additional pylons!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5e6eg6bxaq&amp;fmt=22)

but yeah, this would probably be a mess.  a few of these run right by my house, through the mountains, unguarded for miles.
manchuria approves.
two things: first off, it's encrypted (depending on what it is, often twice) using proprietary equipment that is closely guarded and secondly, they'd see the splice immediately on the otdr after they fixed it (though they might just shrug it off).
&gt;this would also have the effect of cutting power to the mobile phone network and lindline phone exchanges

most of which have backup power that will last 24-48 hours, during which time i'm sure it would be pretty easy for the power company to repair whatever damage you did, or at least rig a temporary work-around while they repair it.
fbi and my boys do the job, can we get phat paid?
for a list of changes you can visit technet : http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd335036(ws.10).aspx


1-800-dig-rite...it's your friend.
unless they are using [quantum encryption](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quantum_cryptography#implementations)... 
fiber optic is a bitch. it's impossible to find unless it's been very well marked (regular phone lines can be found with a detector that can spot the electrical current...no current in fiber).

and it's an unbelievable bitch to repair.
see, i made that mistake too.  but then i realized this was at&amp;t making this statement and they were talking in *phone company repairman minutes.*  these are roughly equivalent to 10 regular minutes.  

so if a phone company repairman tells you a job will take 15 minutes, it will be two and half hours.  minimum.
it wasn't the secret service.
i'm pretty sure they were originally talking about "dark fiber". but black line sounds way better!
my credit card works just fine. no service pack needed.
that domain is taken.
how do you encrypt something twice?
you sure this isn't an onion article in disguise?
canadian bacon reference? awesome
always faithful, lizard overlord (where did terrible come from?)
nice. that was perfect. 
not sure why you get downvotes when ryanx27 gets so much love. don't see a rule that explains that...

perhaps rule #16?
well one notorious example on digg.com on this topic was two years ago when for one whole week everyone was bitching on the japanese for the nanjing massacre with unfounded articles that said the japanese never apologized or paid war reparations. the op's were probably not american as the english had key mistakes like incorrect plurality.

problem is the japanese actually did apologize over 30 times, they even paid more than the germans had to. but every-time anyone put that up, they were accused of "sinophobia" or lying and buried to hell even though the said evidence was established encyclopedic sources such as brittanica, news reports, alongside a fully sourced wiki article.

so can they shape public opinion around the world? hells yes.
presumably he means cascading? aes-twofish-serpent or whatever?
i don't think supercomputers run ubuntu or vista.

also, its telling that people say ubuntu is free, that means they think their time is worthless.

hooray! more credit!
if the customer feels that the product or service was misrepresented, they're free to return it. i don't see what the problem is.
right, i meant observation point as "direction from which guys in black suvs show up".
they said in the article that it wasn't on anyone's map, i.e it never existed.
&gt; radio is the transmission of signals by modulation of electromagnetic waves with frequencies below those of visible light. electromagnetic radiation travels by means of oscillating electromagnetic fields that pass through the air and the vacuum of space. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radio
anything classified, or even just sensitive unclassified is rarely sent wirelessly.
one arm, a diaper, and a stump leg.
the intartubes goes through about 16 main backbone tubes. they are independently controlled.
there would need to be a massive cleanup.  think of all that data leaking out onto the construction site.
there is a way to do it non-invasively. by bending the fiber enough, you will get some light to "leak"/refract out of the wire. i've read about this method before, the trick is to not refract enough so it causes a noticble signal drop, and you'll need a decoder anyways to decode the information
fiber is really, really hard to splice. especially high-quality transfer lines.
what no sonet ring for the cia? cut probably happened at or near mae east in tysons. more information on mae east @ http://eyeball-series.org/mae-east/maee-birdseye.htm. 
living in washington dc most of my life and seeing a few things, i can agree with this statement.
agreed.  but, then again, reddit never lets silly things like facts interfere with a good conspiracy theory.

claims about the air force flying planes into the communications line in 3, 2, 1...
you think these guys need a signature?
free advertisement for the bing. i am sold 


what the fuck about mastercard!!!
[done](http://imgur.com/d8zz1.jpg)
not single, but damn close. this is interesting: http://eyeball-series.org/mae-east/maee-birdseye.htm
that's hot!
sounds like where tony soprano gets his search results. 


http://www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.11948

that site has a decent selection of cell phone watches.
nice, dark fiber.
&gt; toward the end, however, woz appears to have second thoughts about heaping such praise on bing based on a demo alone. "i'm a big fan now," he says. **"well, i'm a fan until i find out it's no good."**

basically; he only saw the demo.  he did not play with it.  he was impressed by the demo and is eager to test the product himself; but is still critical enough to admit that it might be crap.
lazy?...their espn.com and tube8.com got off..."fuuuuuuuuccccckkkkkk..."
hi, sorry if this was covered already before,

anyone have good tips on what's a good safe way to watch hulu from non-usa countries?

thanks a million!

so *that's* why reddit was down! reddit is run by the cia! everybody panic!
see [wikipedia:supercomputer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supercomputer) for the definition of a supercomputer

that computer there is hardly a supercomputer (maybe by 1970's standards)

what a load of dog crap
any secure lines (phone or network) are encrypted independently and then multiplexed, encrypted again, and sent out over the fiber.
i would kill for a modular phone system, i'd love to be able to carry a sealed processing unit on the belt and then have a bluetooth touchscreen on my arm with a bluetooth headset
that guy has no clue what he's talking about. there is no "typical" rate. and a typical fiber break doesn't knock out hundreds of thousands of houses. the telco optical network is laid out so a single point of failure does not cause that type of outage. incredibly how people feed shit out on a message board to feed the predisposed biases of the internet just to get karma.

yeah, because a story about the exact location of a super special secret service wire would be published immediately.

*rolls eyes*
free south africa, *ya dum sonnofabitch!*
yep and that's why dig rite is your friend. if it's not been marked and you hit it, then you're not liable.
oh lordy, comcast and their installation cds. one "technician" tried to put their proprietary "virus on a disc" in my computer to install a cable box. what idiotic motherfuckers.
the internet is tubes underneath a construction site. its not a big dump truck.
but not facebook fortunately
its a goddamn joke, notice the lol at the end of the statement?  notice how "i've been a mac guy since 2001" != "i own a mac from 2001".  damn you humourless demons.
i had a neighbor who worked as a cable contractor who would do a lot of underground manhole type work.  they were out in a field looking for their manhole when they opened one that was labeled on the inside as 'us government'.  they were like 'guess this is the wrong one' and closed it.  they went a few hundred feet to the right one and went to work.  

that also got a visit by a black suv after a few minutes.

with the otdr, they could see where the first break is from one side, and where the second break is from the other side.
they are lazy and inefficient when trying to help you, not themselves. 

they excel at hurting people and stealing money because it help thems and it's fun. helping you isn't and so they drag their feet.
if it was anything like my comcast experience the internet then promptly broke again right as you were ready to use it.
they were all playing wow when the connection died.
perhaps that is why it took like 8 years to report it? i don't know if ndas have a time limit on them.
how to do or do it yourself is not a difficult task any more because of internet and specially the blogging system. now most of the experts have their blog where they share their ideas and explain everything in a very easy way related to their expertise.
if nothing happens and no one is there to twit about it, does it make a bing?
interesting...but, citation?
you need a bt land line to use orange broadband, but after the sixth week of complaining that the never exactly brilliant service had entirely stopped working; queuing to speak to someone, getting transferred from department to department and receiving numerous assurances that the technical fault was being fixed, it transpired that, in reality, there is no department within orange uk permitted to contact bt technical support on behalf of a customer and the complaint which was "elevated to the highest level" wasn't actually being looked into by anyone at all.

so when bt were contacted directly and after they immediately called round to check it wasn't the hardware at the roadside 'green box', or the copper leading from it, into the property, orange uk simply admitted they had broken the terms of the contract and ended it there.  no offer of compensation for loss of earnings, due to total lack of connectivity for over seven weeks.  no free offers or discounted rates once the issue is addressed.  no explanation of why the error occurred in the first place.  orange uk simply washed their hands and walked away.
i started a thread over at google help referencing this thread

[http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/gmail/thread?fid=28464a84e572503b00046b5fee64a457&amp;hl=en](http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/gmail/thread?fid=28464a84e572503b00046b5fee64a457&amp;hl=en)
right...because wireless is secure.  right?
i just threw up in my mouth.

edit: by which i mean, the thought of rule 34 applying to the holocaust makes me physically sick.
toint

ahem. the onion is not technology.

should be in funny, or something. maybe if the article was technologically relevant instead of using a 'new technology' as a launchpad for satire. which actually has little to nothing to do with technology.
may your name be forever orange in my eyes!
presumably, you could then make three cuts.  one at each end in order to hide the one in the middle that you're going to tap.
you ...read the ...whole article, right? including about the ibm that does 20 petaflops?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supercomputer#current_fastest_supercomputer_system

im living in china atm, and confirmed my hotmail isnt working.  pretty big nuisance since its my main email account and i cant access anything.  cant really see the point in blocking hotmail...so many other email providers out there...dosent make much sense.  
sweet
i don't like that name. maybe we should make it wireless? like, in the sky?

lets call it skynet!
again, i'm not objecting to the price.  i'm saying "lying about your product isn't ok."  when someone abuses their position to make false claims, they should be stripped of the faith people vest in them.  i'm saying that these lies constitute skepticism, and thereby the faith people vest in that source should be withdrawn.

as long as people are oblivious to this crime of morality (by it being brushed off as insignificant) they don't *know* the product is misrepresented, because it is a faith-based product.

therefore, for an issue like this, false advertising is all the more important and relevant.  if wikipedia said "homeopathy is really effective" you could see where the troubles would be.  shrugging it off as "it doesn't matter that they're intentionally lying" undermines the purpose of the objection and only helps to keep people in the dark.
this is going to be amazing.


i am going to start a company today and we will work on a game that lets you screw scarlett johansson in real time. (the "in the rear" will be downloadable content only)
do people make the connection between the outage and the thing that didn't happen at that place that is a big square, a certain number of years ago?  if so, do they then say, "well, i am sure that this is for the best, and i will put it out of my mind"?  or is it counter productive?
i don't care what anybody says, this is fucking bad-ass and i'm proud to be an american.
then who was secret black phone (line)?!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stalags
no, they were talking about a line not marked on any maps. dark fiber is not in use, and would not warrant a response that quickly.
uhhh what?  you are talking out of your ass.  the military uses radio comms and satellites to send the majority of its battlefield communications.  wireless is secure if you use bulk encryption and line encyption (comm sec and trans sec).  how do you think the navy communicates?  towed fiber optic lines?
yes, if you're color blind since it is usually blue or green and not the red!!! omg!! not the red!!
you mean the air force flying "holographic" planes into the communications line in 3, 2, 1...
small claims court.
just tried it with a 100mw green laser (green was choosen as it was depicted in the photo from the source istockphoto on article.)

i noticed the bulb did not get brighter nor consume more current.

[edit]

reading the fa
&gt;the laser is very powerful, but the pulse is so short (in the femtosecond range - "a femtosecond is to a second what a second is to about 32 million years")

can anyone tell me how such a laser will become commonplace for a light bulb anytime soon? they probably had a huge optical lab to pull this off.
nda's must be consented to, which is why they are part of a *precondition* to a disclosure. it's no good letting someone into a secret and then asking them nicely to sign away their ability to share it *afterward* because they have every right to refuse.

there might be some kind of federal/state gag law that could have been used, like the official secrets act the uk has, but i'm not familiar with an american equivalent. 
firefox was once a real powerhouse browser and very reliable. unfortunately that hasn't been the case for about 6 months. with chrome opening its add on support, i will be moving over my default browser.
for that matter if it is marked in the wrong spot and you hit it, you are not liable.

a friend of mine hit a gas line and was getting yelled at about it until he pointed to the line on the ground several feet away.
i don't think this is even newsworthy in 2000.  you cut a secret line, people show up.  stop fucking cutting classified networks, problem solved.
&gt; but what is the "normal" response time for a cut cable?

depends on the cable.   in the case of a major cable they drop everything to get there.  minor cables take longer.   triage is well understood in utilities.  (above ground lines tend to break all over in storms so they need to get things fixed in an order that will get the most people back up quickly, while breaks that only affect a couple people take longer)
hahaha! the correct spelling is "greece", yet he spelled it "greese". no wonder the search results were wrong!
humourless demons?

us demons take offense to that, you bigot.
good god. there's nothing left we can do to be shocking, is there?
does chrome support plugins yet? i need mouse gestures. without that, i'll even consider moving away from ff.
impressive.

internet porn searching with preview that works! i had a wet dream about this day.
near a mall that i've been to!
apparently the future isn't so bright…
something tells me there might be a difference between a femtosecond-scale pulse in the tw range and a continuous 100mw beam.
just run the encryption twice.  this doesn't do anything in the case of simple encryption.  (rot-13 twice...)  however the encryption that governments use can be applied as many times as you want, increasing security each time[1] as each step needs to be broken to decrypt.   (it also increases complexity).

[1] not really.  it turns out that if you apply des twice you get minimal increases, but you can apply des a third time and get great increases.   i'm sure other encryption algorithms have similar flaws, but if you are a government you should have experts who know this better than anyone who can talk publicly.
this sounds really really awesome!
can't wait for it to arrive.
"good by"?  jesus, go back to school, sir.
the black line is the copy of your communications that get sent directly to the nsa.
oh shut up.  there are only so many ways to do things and users have to be relatively comfortable with an interface.  would you knock google for ripping of yahoo? 
well, except for flickr, don't you think they've made the internet a better place for their citizens by blocking the said sites. next they'll kill 4chan.
while it's not exactly huge in the states, the fact that live is down is a big deal in china. besides qq, it's the biggest im client in the country. every single one of my chinese friends is logged into live whenever they're online.

the only thing that could be bigger is if they shut down baidu or xiaonei.
by five supreme court justices.
i wonder why they don´t block google &amp; its services... oh forgot google cooperates with the chinese authorities...
i lived in china for seven years as an expat then moved back here to work in politics. 

back then i'd be on the treadmill in the gym and a story would come on cnn about a taiwan independence movement, and the tv would go black, with no sound and no video. one of the mainlanders on the treadmill leaned over to me and said something about how tv is such an unreliable format and that one of the antennas probably broke at the broadcasting station.

i lived in a si-he-yuan (read: courtyard house) in the hutongs in the jiao dao kou area of beijing. i didn't have a single foreigner around me either. 

now while i didn't exactly go around asking people about censorship, every once and a while it'd slip into a conversation, and they'd remain adamant that their news was uncensored. 

there's stuff that's on the cctv channels, which is a chain of government-run television stations. in regular conversations, i've never heard anyone question the veracity or of a news report, or heard anyone bring up the possibility of a reporter's bias.

i believe that the people i encountered were oblivious to the censorship. this impression is based on my personal experience, not any hard stats, so it's possible i managed to slip into a hard-core commie neighborhood and got stuck with all the retards.

it's my impression that most chinese have no idea their stuff is censored.

**edit:** for grammar
**edit2:** adding a relevant paragraph that i posted below.
according to the comments from the article, there's a way to set up your gmail account to retrieve your hotmail messages.
did you make the "pew pew pew" noise as you did it?
how will china get more desu?
that's why they are so productive!
that is completely insane.
this is what we'll all be listening too when illegal downloading finally puts the last human musician out of work.  after the seventeenth straight hour of bleeps and bloops, we'll be begging for one more nickleback album.  but it will be too late! i hope you're happy, kids!
i'm in china and can confirm this.  interestingly enough, the usual targets of bbc and wikipedia seem to be untouched.
i love google. with that being said...

chrome sucks. what other browser doesnt let you configure the popup blocker?
damn, they balked at the $300k? i was about to run off to mens' wearhouse, then the gm dealership and try to make some quick cash.
neat, but hardly super-efficient. according to tfa, he doubled the efficiency of the bulb, but cfls are already 2-2.5 times more efficient than the doubled bulb.

"the team has also succeeded in making the bulb produce polarized light without the use of a filter."  this result is much more interesting imho.
for those who are not aware of the capabilities of the 2nd gen itouch, this post will get you up to speed. why pay $70 a month when you can just pay $3?
&gt;when at&amp;t tried to bill the construction company **$300,000,**

jesus christ!
who was that then?
have they blocked specific pages concerning tiananmen square?
i've heard the opposite. that the mainland chinese know how weird their state run media is so they don't fully believe in it.
how do you know sn76477 is the reddit id of jesus?
i'm ambidextrous... *with my touchpad*.
it might flickr a bit but if you're a hotmail, then you're free to live.  
i think they're blocking anything that has tiananmen square +massacre.  i get "connection interrupted" when i try to open links relating to the massacre in google.  the wikipedia page for the 1989 protests works fine though.
i have always liked knowing that there are government agencies behind the scenes. and i hope that there are more agencies behind those scenes that we don't know about.

it's weirdly reassuring to feel like somebody secretly does know what the fuck is going on. because if all we know is what the government seems to know -- holy jesus, we are screwed.
how many people in china know the reason this is happening? i'm assuming you have to use a proxy to use reddit?

i would think, in the city areas that the tiananmen massacre would be common knowledge after all these years (but never discussed out loud)?
not sure where you keep getting this "securerom" thing from, not to mention assuming that a console doesnt have an os on it (it does, have fun disproving that &amp; looking like a dumbass doing it).  not sure how else to term the controller on a console except "hardware", which must be installed (wired or wireless) in order to use said console.

i choose to run both my dedicated applications an my games from the same system.  i chose to do that as i can afford to do so.  you may not, but that is *your* choice. 

the op of the thread indicated that he was interesting in a pc - if he had been so inclined to purchase a console, i highly doubt he would have posted the thread indicating that "i want to get a gaming pc" (or posted at all as console choices are fairly limited).  my comments were in response to your apparent assumption that he should get a console, because the two are somehow equal.  they are not.

if your favorite pc game is minesweeper, then all i can say is "you're doing it wrong".
there are ignorant people everywhere,for example the guy you met at the gym.

i suggest you go to chinese forums or the comment section of these news sites to see what they really talks about,or their opinion on censorship
that's interesting.  i've lived here for a few years now, and almost all of the (younger) locals i've talked to seem to be pretty aware of what's going on.  many don't care, but many do.  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grass_mud_horse
shut up, impostor.

&gt; the laser is very powerful, but the pulse is so short (in the femtosecond range - "a femtosecond is to a second what a second is to about 32 million years")

i doubt your laser was like theirs.
it's kind of ironic how china builds all these devices (assuming not in taiwan) that have software preimaged at their factories with applications that are built to access youtube, etc. but the people who build these devices over there (like the iphone) can't even access it themselves.
that was done long time ago
i worked as a researcher in one of their two top universities. although my peers were some of the most intelligent people in china, many of them couldn't (or refused to) make the connection that their content was being either filtered heavily or blocked outright. any outage was blamed on the broadcasting agent (tv station, internet host, etc.). 

throughout my stay most foreign websites would be blocked randomly, especially as the olympics approached. my peers would then say that that the "international internet is unreliable" and complain that the extra money they had to pay to access it (it costs more to view content outside of china, at least where i was in beijing) wasn't worth it.

nevertheless, for some it's cognitive dissonance. since it was an exchange program we found that the chinese researchers who came to the us ended up browsing the internet for political events that they normally wouldn't question or talk about while in the mainland. 
i keep saying things in arnold the terminator voice whenever i read something having to do with lasers. "phased plasma rifle with the 40 watt range."
did they test bulbs treated this way for longevity? if light output is doubled but longevity is halved, you've got... nothing.
wow, and i thought i was the biggest retard on reddit.


thanks?
i did  [that too](http://www.google.com/search?q=define:bing), and learned a unix command [bing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bing_%28program%29).

to be fair, it's also ironic that countries like the us condemn china for its lack of democracy and freedom of speech, yet many us companies including microsoft and cisco worked with the chinese government to make the "great firewall" a reality.
hey, don't be evil.
as a redditor reading this while propped up in bed by his left hand, please gtfo my room. i need to fap.
&gt;how do you think the navy communicates? towed fiber optic lines?

uh, yea! are you stupid or something? how else would they power the ship? wireless power? that's just silly.
but some of them have top hats!
you don't need proxy to browse reddit,digg or 4chan in china,and i believe most chinese internet users do know the existence of the gfw.

isn't that what bill gates originally did? 
tweet about it. twit is a leo laporte production. www.twit.tv 
looks like a scam to collect e-mail addresses.
true, but there are lighting applications that cfls simply don't work in.  most of my lights use cfls, but i have a few places where i still use old-school light bulbs.  they are rarely used mood lighting/dimmer situations where i want the softer lighting (or, cfls don't fit in the socket).

if i could get twice the efficiency out of those, i would be very happy.  energy efficiency isn't an all or nothing thing.  we should take gains where we can and understand that sometimes function/performance are more important.
that makes a lot of sense actually - after all, they've only been capitalists for one generation or so.

perhaps they've wised up in the last few years.
this is probably one of the single most convoluted and difficult headlines i have had the pleasure of reading. thank you very much for copy/pasting the title and the first sentence of the article in a herculean effort to confuse the masses.
i have heard of speedy brothels but this is ridiculus.
this is probably the 10th link to the same topic that i've seen, btw...

and ok, they got them about 40% more efficient. good going... except that cfls are about 77% more efficient... and leds will be about 90%.
get the free vpn software called [hotspots shield](http://hotspotshield.com/),it's free and pretty fast(you can watch hd youtube videos just like before it's banned)
but i suggest you to use it with the opera browser to block these annoying pop-ups and re-directions.when i use firefox with it i got the same pop-ups and  re-directions just like in the ie.
there is, pretty much every mail service i used in the last ten years let me collect mail from another address.
otdrs can't pickup a tap within 15 feet after an acknowledged line split (break).

just sayin'.
comp.os.linux.advocacy - the best place for unbias opinion about microsoft not
i thought reddit was blocked in china, or are you using a proxy?
not evil at all, just pointing facts
ya, back when that was the only fiber in the country.  no wonder they showed up so quickly, their cu-seeme session must have gone down.
im surprised you can visit reddit!
the interviewer is kind of a dick
damn, i never thought i'd say this, but cuil ftw.
they can if they really want to.
bypassing the gfw is called "翻墙"(climbing the wall) in china
&gt; many don't care, but many do.

which is it, man?
you can beat that with a hamster running inside a wheel connected to an enigma machine, being chased by a cat in a schrodinger box.
actually it's twat:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4eon4nr5fq
i was in tiananmen square last week. it was really eerie. there were bodysnatchers in 3 vans rolling around the square. i didn't like it one bit. in fact, beijing has a really odd vibe, although that might just be the smog.
led's also last a long time, however their light output also diminishes over that time period.
and nothing of value was lost.





*well, maybe just flickr.*
you seem to lack an understanding of the mechanics behind the system. this is pushing you into "tin foil hat" mode and claiming that microsoft is purposely hiding results for obscure applications, when the far simpler explanation is that the obscure application simply has not been searched for as much on bing (new search engine) vs google (old search engine).

if you understood how the systems worked then we might continue the conversation, but you're calling the search engine broken because it behaves like any other search engine.
i'm pretty sure kostoglotov was making a joke in reference to google's motto.
or perhaps if your behind 7 proxies?
i don't understand china, i would be more pissed because they were knowingly censoring me, than if they just don't censor. it is in the past, but why fear a revolt of the people if you are treating them right? 

the china gov is afraid, they have enough citizens that could revolt and take them over if they wanted. 

as an american i don't know if i could live in china, having random sites blocked all the fucking time
i don't have an actual cite ready, but i remember some google guy talking about how they get an enormous amount of cnn.com searches.
fuck! you mean i can't use bing?!? 
the future is bright, the future's red, with raaaeeeggg!
huzzah!
chinese firedrill
he does, in all fairness, say that this is much faster than the supercomputers of the 60s and 70s. 

catchy title to draw people into making a cheap but capable linux machine.
plus regular lights turn on very quickly, without the ionizing spike when you first turn on a cfl.

edit- today i have lost, but it was to a better man.  
we have a 10-nanosecond-pulse laser in my lab.  it is big (about the size of a small ikea bookshelf), and it puts out 30 megawatts per pulse.

your handheld laser is about 100 million times weaker than my laboratory laser. 

now, the femtosecond laser used in this study, is even more powerful than my laboratory laser.  and, it is probably even larger.

the purpose would be to put one of these enormous lasers in the light bulb factory, and use it to "treat" lightbulb filaments.

get it now?

just another reason to use cuil. :)
virtual sex!
it's china, man. there are many, many people. at least two many's.
dude, they have 1.3 billion people. even 1% of the country caring counts as "many".
i think they would figure out your plan if they notice two simultaneous cuts in a line that no one is supposed to know about.
you mean [these guys](http://www.chuckinchina.com/gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.downloaditem&amp;g2_itemid=591&amp;g2_serialnumber=1)?  
shot in 2005-- notice the cop on the right staring me down  

all the civilians within that shot were hauled away-- one of them charged the chained-off flag area while yelling. ballsy.
when i was in china i ran everything through a ssh tunnel back to the us.  no way i was going to send anything through their networks unencrypted.  if i wasn't using a proxy, i'd still feel dirty using ssl only.
theoritically you could cut the line with a perfectly black object so that the light would be totally absorbed and not reflected back... of course you would need to invent a perfectly black object first... you could cut it with a black hole... hmmmm
i think american businesses are the last place to look for american ideals. the only time they care is when it becomes their problem.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_western_blackout

this power outage affected 7 states in the us, 2 canadian provinces, and 1 mexican state, ~7.5 million people. it was caused by a tree touching a line in oregon, causing a cascade failure of the system.  

yes, a strategic attack on the electric grid is an unfortunate possibility.  
may i quote [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dark_fiber): 

&gt; the term was originally used when talking about the potential network capacity of telecommunication infrastructure, but now also refers to the increasingly common practice of leasing fiber optic cables from a network service provider.

(edit: i've worked in the field. i know the term is used in that sense.)

(edit2: downvoters, please state your reasons. probably asking too much though. over 9000 lol cancer &lt;- is that more like your taste?) 
i bet i could be behind 100 proxies, take it from this old e-rat.
check the gui interface.  it holds the key.
[boink is way better](http://www4.ncsu.edu/~jecanner/calvinhobbes.gif).
wow, i wonder how long reddit will remain unblocked.
v interesting link, cheers!
you are and shall always be my friend.
that doesn't justify the price, to be sure.
have you ever heard of encryption?
it was on several occasions. and we will never know. there are agencies here with names that the public will never utter.
*not bing!*
sheeit that engine is doing well: up for two days before it got banned somewhere. that is some kind of record - i'm sad to say.
noone takes facebook groups seriously.
i really don't digg it, but i reddit all the same.
does cuil work?!

http://www.cuil.com/search?q=tienanmen+square
[i can't think of anything witty to say so i will link to this.](http://tiredacts.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/xin_132120529083898490826.jpg)
my parents (obvious american tourists) visited tiananmen square last year.  as they were cruising along in an open-air tour bus, their chinese guide was giving the standard approved speech over the intercom.

partway across the square, while everyone's attention was focused on the giant portrait of chairman mao, she subtly switched off the mic, looked my mom in the eyes, pointed, and quietly said "that's where it happened."

then she switched it back on and continued the tour.
http://www.bingisnotgoogle.com/
&gt;i would think, in the city areas that the tiananmen *protests and massacre* would be common knowledge after all these years (but never discussed out loud)?

ftfy

just because the prc whitewashes it doesn't mean we have to.

later than i thought it'd be, but i guess people who buy back-to-school machines will get vouchers for a free upgrade.
too many.
does [tor](http://www.torproject.org) work?
yeah. let's see how fast can we get it blocked. :d

free china!
it would take over 9000 proxies...
google has a choice - censor yourself or be completely blocked.
the results of that search look like the kind of things you would get in china anyway. the first link is to an article saying it was "a battle not a massacre" and then there's a wikipedia article on sinophobia.
square root of tnn-men tankhubcap what?

*watches hamburger float by*


/what abstraction layer is this anyway?
in other news, office productivity in the mainland goes up 300%
they're not claiming that their use of anyone is the dictionary definition of anyone. they have terms of service. everyone does. as part of their terms of service, those who abuse the service lose access to it. pretty much all companies, online or offline, have similar terms of service. pretty much all companies, online or offline, would react similary to such outrageous abuse of their services. there is no lying involved here at all. you've got nothing.
ack! my eyes! it's like lemonparty only not as bad. 
diagrams were an interesting way of representing "moderation" (score) of thread posts, i hadn't seen those before.

didn't really present anything new in terms of interface though, exploring reddit conversations as a sort of mind-map could be interesting.
it could also be the ´. have some apostrophes: '''''''''''''''''''''''''''.
you mean if i google the internet machine i can find pr0n?
that works well with a new zealand accent. 
they have internet in the uk?
oh come on.  valid meme reference.
lenin always did say that the west would sell (the soviets) the rope by which they would eventually hang.
politely thanking somebody for their contribution of interesting related further reading is downmod worthy these days on reddit?

well fine, fuck you.
yea and it will eat into the linux market share.
what's the purpose of that site?
our guys hit an unmarked underground electric line and we got a bill for $30k. luckily we had the locate number proving we had call for the locate. the bill just went away.
a coworker of mine adopted a girl from china.

he maintained a blog from there to keep us all updated on his trip and progress while there.

he had no trouble accessing any of the sites he normally does here in the us.

he was a at a large hotel though and i think they allow access for tourists and such. so, that might be why your wife is not having any trouble.
what is larry talking about.
apple does not make their own processors. 
that is grade a hog wash!

is he really that far behind the times.

apple has never made their own processors.

they have always had a third party do it for them.
...when used without authentication...
too fail.
oh noes they blocked the bing!!!
the interviewee has a history of this as well.
it's a lion!
and in case you think the eff is being duplicit here:

&gt; let's be clear: we are not saying that apple has to carry apps it doesn't like in its app store. but iphone owners who don't want apple playing the role of language police for their software should have the freedom to go elsewhere. this is precisely why eff has asked the copyright office to grant an exemption to the dmca for jailbreaking iphones. it's none of apple's business if i want an app on my phone that lets me read eff's rss feed, use sling player over 3g, or read the kama sutra.
quit with the self promo katie.
i'm in china as well and don't understand why the hell they would block hotmail. they better not touch gmail! heck i just found they block a site i use a lot for work called pbworks.com. i am utterly and completely mystified at why that, a professional, commercial, business wiki, would be blocked. tor is working when circumventing the great firewall but it... can... be... very... slooooow.
say "free tibet" and the commies will be knocking on your door even if you live in baghdad
either this company doesn't have a fucking clue what they're talking about, or the reporter doesn't have a fucking clue what s/he's talking about... or both.
maybe you were dealing with a mentally challenged chinese person. everyone i know (and i live with exclusively chinese... no foreigners) is quite well aware of the censorship.
cuil was banned on reddit the same day it was launched.
that's nothing. when the internet in *my* neighbourhood went down, i rounded up a few friends, rented three black suvs and drove back to the house where some workers had cut our fiber connection by mistake. we told them we were secret service agents and they reported it to the higher ups, who sent a truck from at&amp;t to repair the damage *right then and there*.
  
it was hilarious, we couldn't believe they fell for that.
the secret service was just who they sent to respond. since it was in tyson's corner area there is a pretty good chance that it was part of the intelligence community. 

in spring 2001, i interviewed with the cia for an internship and my interview took place in a cia building in tyson's corner.
yeah, how about just let me know when 3.5 is you know, actually released.  i know it's free and i'm grateful but they announced it so long ago and we've yet to see anything (final).
never question or complain about downmods. never.
whew good thing the uk government in its wisdom decided to ban incandescent lightbulbs...just in time as well way to go      uk       uk         uk.
no no no...

you're thinking of facebook.

http://www.nzherald.co.nz/technology/news/article.cfm?c_id=5&amp;objectid=10456534
do you think mr. wolfram's alpha could help?
what?! are you making stuff up pandaspandaspandas? "it costs more to view content outside of china"? dude that is so false and ridiculous that i don't know if you are deliberately trolling or just don't know what you are talking about. surfing content outside of china doesn't "cost" anything. your regular internet connection, aside from some overzealous big brother blockages that are simple to circumvent, works like it does in america... no extra costs of any kind.
you could probably use the same idea behind the multitouch microsoft surface tables, which use ftir (frustrated total internal reflection) to cause light to leak out of a normally closed system.  you more or less touch a spot in the fibre line and the signal can be read at that point.

maximumpc did an article on how they built a surface; the theory section of this page explains ftir.  [link](http://www.maximumpc.com/article/features/maximum_pc_builds_a_multitouch_surface_computer?page=0%2c0)
gosh, wouldn't it be nice if all major websites would put up a ribbon or something in their logo in remembrance of tiananmen square?  then china would have to block the entire net.  the internet has that power, you know.

it would almost be as good as guns 'n roses naming their album, "chinese democracy" in anticipation of rampant chinese piracy.
and they pussied out.
yes. it is slow but then, tor is always slow.
there is always a bigger retard.  :-)
dear god, i hope you don't mean that wep or wpa crap.
i was discussing it just yesterday with chinese here in china. it is common knowledge, by the way.
phil? hey, phil? phil! phil connors? phil connors, i thought that was you!

**phil:** hi, how you doing? thanks for watching.
[starts to walk away]

**ned:** hey, hey! now, don't you tell me you don't remember me because i sure as heckfire remember you.

**phil:** not a chance.

**ned:** ned... ryerson. "needlenose ned"? "ned the head"? c'mon, buddy. case western high. i did the whistling belly-button trick at the high school talent show? **bing!** got the shingles real bad senior year, almost didn't graduate? **bing**, again. i dated your sister mary pat a couple times until you told me not to anymore? well?

**phil:** ned ryerson?

**ned:** bing!

**phil:** bing. 
i tend to find that the chinese people on the internet are about twenty times more aware of news events &amp; govt. censorship than on-the-street chinese. here's the problem with that argument:

http://www72.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=internet+penetration+china


you mean the olympics? 
that isn't a cop staring you down. at least, that uniform is not a police uniform... it's a security guard uniform (like brinks or some such company).

correction... it looks like the guards at my apartment complex but yep, that is a psb uniform. my bad. vonchuck is correct, i should look before i leap next time.
in other news, chinese workers see no benefit from increased productivity, chinese government enjoys extra income.
&gt;*well, maybe just human rights.*

ftfy.
in other news: anger management counselors report spike in pre-booked therapy sessions for october and november.
two manny's being manny? 

(*whoa*)
they don't fear a revolt of the people. people over here are, for the most part, pretty content with the way things are going. revolt is most definitely not in the air. 
that's funny, because i recently shot my brain with a super fancy laser, and i am now twice twice as as eeffffiicciieenntt..
it's not blocked. i've been in china for the past month.

youtube, huffington post, blogspot and a lot of other sites are blocked though, so i'm unable to visit a ton of submissions. i feel like i'm missing out on a lot... like what in the world is keyboard cat?
use [tor](http://www.torproject.org/).
orange.... kept billing me for six months after my contract had ended, then tried to take me to court when i closed my bank account to stop them getting the money. then they refused to pay back the six months of money they stole from me, and had my credit rating ruined.

thanks orange... for nothing...
you made it up.
these websites frustrate old people, and old countries it seems.
oh here we are again gaoshan.  looks like i'm downmodding you again.  ask me why gaoshan.   ask me.

you'll get the same answer you got last time, gaoshan.  i will follow you.

edit: 

buried by bad votes   
stupid joke was not funny.    
&lt;/my_happiness&gt;    
-haiku
 

buried and unseen    
my comment thinks about death:   
death by downvoting.   
-haiku

a small blue arrow    
when it's pressed repeatedly-    
is an avalanche.      
-haiku
i'm sure the lack of democracy in china was caused by the impossibility of its citizens to reach twitter.
lmao. that's pretty hilarious. for the non-mandarin speakers, the name of the horse can either be translated as "grass mud horse" or "fuck your mom."
at least they don't know what reddit is. oops sorry about that.
is youtube still blocked? i plan to do a video blog from my trip to china later this summer and i wonder what to do about it. use vimeo?
no need to ask as last time i think it ended up with me getting modded up about 20 and you getting buried about the same. but by all means... continue following me. i have much to teach you young skychalker.
coolio. it's a pretty sweet l'il os. just when i thought it didn't matter what os i was running. wireless works really fast, as does coming back from sleep. it's seems pretty backward compatible. it's polished already.
i lived in a si-he-yuan (read: courtyard house) in the hutongs in the jiao dao kou area of beijing. i didn't have a single foreigner around me either. 

now while i didn't exactly go around asking people about censorship, every once and a while it'd slip into a conversation, and they'd remain adamant that their news was uncensored. 

there's stuff that's on the cctv channels, which is a chain of government-run television stations. in regular conversations, i've never heard anyone question the veracity or of a news report, or heard anyone bring up the possibility of a reporter's bias.

i believe that the people i encountered were oblivious to the censorship. this impression is based on my personal experience, not any hard stats, so it's possible i managed to slip into a hard-core commie neighborhood and got stuck with all the retards.
china is not an old country.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_china

homo erectus walked chinese soil 1.36 million years ago. not many countries are older, imo.
**b**ing **i**s **n**ot **g**oogle
oh shit thats totally work. we dont actually have to write the code do we, its intelligent, it'll write itself. duh!
seriously, the dprc is a very young state.  i quess we could quibble about the distinction between state and country here, but if you meant country then _every country_ is an old country.
the people i am talking to are mostly family and pretty highly educated (and one is a mid level party official). i guess you can meet all sorts here in china... not surprising i suppose.
not canada. not the usa. not england, in comparison to china. hair splitter.
whenever any human right is denied, all are at risk. freedom of speech includes mindless tweeting, and access to other people's silly tweets, regardless of what you think its value is.

censorship is bad, buddy. 

rights are important. i assume that someone calling themselves "mlk" would know that.

edit: also, i think you mean 'inability' rather than 'impossibility', though i may have misconstrued your statement.
gaoshan, propaganda chief zhu wants you in his office right away. chicom drone #5112 out.
so they can be stolen by the man.
very cool. this will be great for the ps3.
he also had a large amount of capital.
didn't think that was possible did you?  the universe is an awesome and terrifying place, and that's how manny wants it.
all websites must be hosted somewhere and there are an enormous amount of web hosting companies to choose from, offering a huge range of options from free hosting to plans costing hundreds of dollars a month. why the big difference? because what is on offer varies enormously. if you run a business with a website that has many hundreds of pages and thousands of visitors a day, you will need a host that can provide a lot of storage and bandwidth and one which is very robust and reliable. this inevitably costs money.
goes out to buy flat screen...
you are not your downmods. parent likely read it and the message was conveyed. what more do you want?  this is the internet, you should be thankful your message got through.
hahahahaha give my ideas to somebody hahahahaha.

oh wait, **non-disclosure agreement** ? *sweet*.

****crushes 4th red bull of the day****
it seems you have a fan...in that robert de niro/wesley snipes kind of way.
even at the most flexible definition of human rights, being able to access a photo sharing website does not even come close to qualifying as one. 
this has been out for a while now. has this seriously just been picked up?
i didn't mean that any of the sites in particular was a right, but the freedom to access them is. if you have an internet connection, your government has no right to tell you that you can't visit a certain site.

the chinese government are a bunch of filthy tyrants, most of whom deserve no less than the painful, torturous deaths that innocent citizens exercising their rights receive every day.
except the games he wants to play aren't for any consoles.
it is way worse than the article implies.  my tiny, tiny blogging site: http://elowel.org appears to be blocked.  we have maybe 30 active users.
bullshit. 

it's self-evident the plane was blown up, but no one wants to say it.
uh, 100w-equivalent performance from a 60w bulb is a 66.6% efficiency boost.  

so, very comparable to cfl efficiency-wise, plus better colors of light, plus lower production costs, minus the hazardous materials and oscillating output of cfls.
i work at a local community college and by ferpa laws, we have to use dod spec'd erasing methods to wipe these drives. 

i know that we can just hook them up and use darik's boot and nuke to do it... but that requires a lot of plugging/unplugging of monitors. 

they are ide drives, unfortunately...

anyone do something similar?

edit: i work for just over $10 an hour and would be doing this myself...
given the cost of high-end labor, it might be cheapest to smash the drives with a hammer and buy new, clean drives.


orange in uk is a joke. ignorance and disrespectful.
after 18 months contract (3 contract phones), they  made "special" offer for me:
extend contract for another 18 months and nokia n96 for £245. ;)
i moved to voda, broadband as well. 
when you have a problem you must spend days on phone to sort this out.

my naive approach would be to simply erase as much as you can and then fill the drive with random data.  highly compressed data is random except for the file headers.  so.... just download a lot of mp3 over and over again, in a different order of course.  probably doesn't work as well in practice.  smash the drives open, take out the disks, and burn them.
what avecfrites said.  smash 'em.

but instead of buying new drives, use those computers as terminals, booting over pxe.
where was this?
great and easy job search script. search all us jobs, and make your visitors use your site more.
exactly. the "free" in free market stands for freedom to exploit for profit and/or freedom from morals.
goes to youtube to search "please say 'yes' or 'no'"...
a trickle of water carved the grand canyon...

that is unrelated to this case and is only partially true.

but still........


edit:

thought upon waking:    
my secondary comment     
was not a good choice.     
-haiku

is it safe to even search that stuff?  do they log ip addresses?
i believe they've redesigned it or something, seeing as it was just now posted on the youtube blog.
my point is that chinese government is probably killing hundreds of people without even a trial, i guess they already have bigger problems there.
it's not like china doesn't have a million sites tailored to chinese. seriously, facebook and flickr aren't gods.
ok, i'll agree with you there. my point was that they're violating freedom of speech. and seeing as many of the victims are killed for exercising their freedom of speech, i think we overlap at that point.
i'm not trolling. i worked at 北京大学. this was explained to me by the students there and by the fact that there were varying degrees of logins (i think through a vpn?) that allowed access to different ranges of content. most students and workers had access only to chinese websites. i wasn't allowed any communications access until my passport was taken and registered with the [psb](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public_security_bureau). 
and then sony improved the motion detection and beat microsoft by actually working on improving the fucking technology and detection instead of getting rid of the fucking wiimote.

the motion tracking was crap on the microsoft one, but sony's was really really great and sony is gonna get more sales for it.
sure... np... hey what's that i see on reddit... someone just posted a link to his removed myspace page... somone named rilo
who? even google doesn't help. 

edit: and why is this in technology?
so do you think china is going the down the gringo trail and privatizing its police and military?

ps- your comments the past couple of days on china and north korea and their relationship have been enlightening.  thanks. :)
tungsten filaments reach full output in a couple hundred milliseconds but not without drawing a large current spike while cold. the inrush current for cfl ballasts is mainly caused by having to charge the line filter capacitor(s) and really has nothing to do with starting the tube.
if you have a kvm you can run a few at the same time. i've done this in the past and dban really is the best way to do it. i wouldn't go destroying them as suggested, that doesn't meet the standards you've set out.

you can configure dban (particularly on a floppy) to autonuke, so all you'd need is power, monitor (maybe) and keyboard (which is really to avoid the bios waiting/f1 to continue etc). a run of dban should be about 15 minutes unless you go for the full all-out approach. two or three at a time and you could have this done in 2-3 days including plugging in.
i've found that cfls die much quicker in dusty environments (or places with lots of flying insects) as well.
[have you tried this?](http://www.ninjacloak.com) 
1. find prior art,
2. explore alternative solutions to the problem,
3. jump-start your creativity,
4. what others are doing?
5. find other applications to your invention:
6. save hours of manual search!

our conceptual patent search robot with "find similar" algorithm will help you quickly pinpoint the most relevant for you patents.

once you find the patent of interest, select it, than hit the "find similar" button and watch the magic happen!
search page: http://braindot2.com/patents/index.html
what it does: http://braindot2.com/node/19
please read the syntax rules before you use it: hint: use boolean operators. quotation marks for exact phrase search!. 
don't scrimp on motherboard, prcessor or ram. put the big money into these things and the rest will follow. as a gaming machine, graphics are key, but you can pick up a reasonable gaming card for around £100; nvidia cards are generally more respected that ati. tolerate a small hard drive and a basic case and power supply in order to spend what money you have on direct gaming power. have fun. 
woah.... no, i didn't.
keyboard cat is the chinese government's ultimate nightmare!!!

and the nightmare of every other government as well.  chinese officials are just the first to have figured it out.
and there are simple ways of bypassing the chinese blocks too.
just like in the u.s., there are good isps, and bad isps in the uk.  i used to have similar problems with qwest, so i switched to comcast.  so far, i've had less problems with them.
since you get paid $10 an hour wouldn't it be in your best interest to do it exactly as you are describing? that method would definitely put the most cash in your pocket
people outside chine care about tienanmen much more than those inside. the chinese were given a choice: money or freedom, and they chose.
i'm not sure if i misread that, but it seems the secrets were uncovered by being in north korea, not by using google maps. it seems google maps is just providing an easy way for people to document them.

i thought he was scouring the map data looking for stuff or something along those lines.
for $10.00 / hour?

get a torx screwdriver, take the platters out of the drives, and melt them on the stove.  10 minutes on the small burner on "high" should do it.  you should be able to fit 3-4 platters at a time on the large burner.

new burners should run you around $20.00
*this screen has been removed due to a terms of service violation*
im client?  sorry if i'm being stupid but isn't it just the search engine and email that's blocked?
&gt;live.com and hotmail.com have gone under. but msn messenger seems fine. 

i think the im client (msn messenger) is fine.
looks like you have an axe to grind.
because it was an airbus and they got it wet?
good info and an app to help out can be found here:

http://www.whitecanyon.com/newsletter-hard-drive-erase-multiple-overwrites.php

no response! 8-o
i'm in china. i searched cuil for "tiananmen square massacre" and i got e-coupons for spaghettio's. 
quick format then eraser (open source):
http://sourceforge.net/projects/eraser/
then why go to the effort to censor?
never heard of him until this reddit submission came along.

his privacy might therefore have been better assured without a link decrying his lack of privacy...(?)
the massacre was a massive event ... that's like pointing to a patch of grass and saying "that's where the american civil war happened"

edit: why all the downmods? i was merely suggesting that the idea of the entire massacre happening at a single point is absurd. if you watch footage from the event you see that the carnage covered the entire square and then some. to say "that's where it happened" really downplays the magnitude to an absurd level.
cool! and microsoft expects selling windows 7 netbook edition with [maximum hardware specifications](http://www.engadget.com/2009/05/22/microsoft-publishes-maximum-windows-7-netbooks-specs/)... no sense!
i too spoke with some beijing residents about it, and it was only a couple of years later. 

the protests brought the whole city to a standstill for 7 weeks. everyone knows what happened and hopefully they are telling their children. 
who do you think gave them that choice? the west, particularly the us.

the people there are complacent because they feel like the dictatorship isn't so bad because of all the improvements.
reddit is fine tho.... right?
imho of course they log it, it's pretty trivial when you've already gone to the effort of putting firewalls you control in the isps. the question is: do they have the resources to follow up every person who gets curious?
what if the font size of a comment correlated to its score? that would be interesting. ;-)
i still don't understand what a "photo's still" is. is it different than other types of stills? 
and yet ten years later they are still on top. wonder why...

oh yeah reactionary anti ms bs is not reflective of actual users experiances.
or we could use led bulbs and get even more efficiency that way.
swc smells a lot like happyofficeworker.
it's insane that americans think this about china and not think that their own mainstream television *isn't* propaganda. we have a free press in america by god!
lasers make everything better!
here ya go...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzt3ykaklgg

i've actually watched a video or two of hers in the past. the one where she hates asking people for directions was pretty funny, and so, because of that (well, that aforementioned humor as well as her cute face and voice, both of which i thought i could pleasantly enjoy for a few more minutes) i decided to watch another. i don't remember the content of the second video, because it was during that video that i realized she's just another youtuber who posts videos of herself talking to camera as if people are actually watching and caring, and then i realized i was *was* one of those people i had just moments ago theorized (for the countless-th time) could not possibly exist. obviously, i had no option at that point except to stop watching.

i watched most of this video, as the majority of it did strike me as a decent stand-up comic's routine which i would have gladly watched on television or in person, but then she started doing that fucking thing youtubers insist on doing by talking to the camera to "her minions", and i don't know why, but that just pisses me off.

nevertheless, yeah, let's be honest... http://www.thinkgeek.com/tshirts-apparel/unisex/popculture/a282/
[**沒什麼這裡看移動。**](http://translate.google.com/translate_t#)
if the ps3 browser wasn't garbage
i don't mean to say this is half as bad, but having so many americans think that fox news is a reliable news source is also kind of scary. 

fox news biased? liberal propaganda!!

chinese news censored? anti-chinese propaganda!!

i know the big difference is the chinese really don't have a chance, but is incredible to see how many people can be influenced by mass media. 
uh, dude...

why are so asking reddit? talk to your sso/fso. 
i know censorship may seem tough now, but you'll tank us later.
can't you rdp to the console session?
no worries. sorry for riding you. i will delete my comments.
the funny thing is that i read this on reddit before i actually noticed it here in china. i swear, i just tried bing out for the first time less than twelve hours ago, too.

youtube's been down for forever, too. damned inconvenient, if you surf reddit as much as i do. every other post is a youtube video.
we do have a free press, the government has no control over it.  unfortunately the bean-counters are in control, which is why journalism is in its present state.
i really wonder how the chinese population would have reacted if google had refused to cooperate with china's restrictions. i don't think it's possible to censor their communication so heavily that they wouldn't be aware of google and its worldwide impact, and i think they would be quite concerned if their government wasn't allowing them access to this international resource.
if this is true, and it is not clear to me that it is, then this is exactly why we need the death penalty.
i'm going to write a game that let's you play wii. xbox 360 is powerful enough to emulate wii hardware. virtual wii.
yea, no pentagon propanganda on tv at all...
great! more ways for idiots to waste time!
yeah, but "phd student generates kml file from already known data" won't get many clicks!
that's pretty much my theory. i've never had any internet-related problems with searching for non-government-sanctioned material before. i just get a "connection interrupted," and continue about my day.

it's relatively easy for a government to control what a person sees on the internet (proxies notwithstanding, though i'm told the  uae is even better at censoring than china and has a pretty solid lockdown on proxy servers), but extremely difficult to have real consequences for attempting to find the information.
i read at as "curtis melvin **sues** google maps to..."

thank you, reddit.
2 girls, 1 cup and 42 inches of screen
i've personally seen it here in the uk, [on wikipedia](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7770456.stm) no less.

we (and most western nations) have our own block lists, they are mostly limited to a few unsavory areas of the net so far. mostly.

ours are implemented by distributing block lists to the isps for them to filter. i do wonder if the chinese have real time access, probably not unless the hardware is standard across all isps which is doubtful. 
i look forward to the day that china is strong enough to accept the will of its people.
i do lack an understanding of the mechanics behind the system. i don't claim to be an expert, just an end user. i'm not a coder, certainly, although i wrote a bit in high school and college in the late eighties/early nineties. i don't pretend to be someone with a deep explanation of how search works, and i'm not talking about that anyway.

you don't have to be a mechanic to not like how a car drives, and you don't have to work in finance to not trust a bank. it's just common sense that people who sell things have an agenda.

i'm calling the search engine broken because it's a public search engine which has results skewed towards microsoft. it obviously doesn't work like any other search engine, as you've said, because of the pre-release testing. i completely buy your explanation. without it that's probably the logical conclusion i would have arrived at myself. so there *is* a good explanation, but _it's still broken_.

my real problem with the engine, though, is that since the source is microsoft, i have to assume it's going to be slanted how microsoft wants it slanted. if you're looking for a search engine slanted that way, well, for you, it's _not_ broken. i'll even go so far as to say that whatever results you get on google have some kind of agenda behind them as well; it's just google's agenda, is all. the difference is that i believe -- and "believe" is an important term here -- that google is in the business of providing good search results so people keep using their engine and they can keep selling advertising, while microsoft is in the business of selling operating systems and software, and a little hardware. these are completely different entities, with completely different methods of making money. where is the flaw in this logic?
the info is greatly appreciated, except it'll fall on deaf ears with my supervisors. they follow ferpa to the t. 

the app looks similar to what dban can do.

thanks anyway :)
yes, more time spent on this means more money in pocket. except when you throw in "limited hours/week", and "less time doing more important things."

thanks though. :)
lawyers regularly use specific definitions of words or phrases. their only responsibility is to clarify the connotation in their terms of service or use. you don't seem to know much about the law.
this, so far, is looking to be the most viable option. a kvm never crossed my mind. thanks!
*a drum and two cymbals fall off a cliff*
just because you can't purchase the product in a store, or have offline copies to run, doesn't mean it isn't software and google isn't a software company.  software is generally defined as computer programs.  google's applications are specifically *programs* that run on a *computer*.  i was going to let you have google search, but even an indexer is just software.

besides, i do run the apps on my computer like any other app.  while it may not run locally from my hard drive, gmail is just like any other app for me.  i have a url shortcut pinned to my taskbar for gmail.  when i click it, a window opens up with all of the functions (and more) i would expect from a free email client.

oh, and i would like the see what some of the coders at google would have to say when told they don't write software.
they write software. google does not sell software. google provides web services. the software google creates makes their web services easier to use (or runs them completely). google's revenue comes from the use of these services. not from software.

is imageshack a software company or a web service company? software powers the web service that imageshack provides.

is reddit software or a web service? software powers the web service that reddit markets.

the same deal with google.
there is a pretty big difference between a government spewing propaganda (with the ability for those that disagree to spew their opposite propaganda) and a government that actively censors every bit of media to prevent you from seeing something that they deem "bad". 
no problem.  i make phonetic typos all the time.  the one i hate the most is "know" vs. "no".
so, it works the same there as it does in the u.s.
i don't think many think that fox news is a "reliable" new source.  that doesn't mean that there aren't a lot of people that watch it religiously (haha) and subscribe to the same beliefs, but no one really thinks of it as "news", per se.
&gt;i'm calling the search engine broken because it's a public search engine which has results skewed towards microsoft. it obviously doesn't work like any other search engine, as you've said, because of the pre-release testing. i completely buy your explanation. without it that's probably the logical conclusion i would have arrived at myself. so there is a good explanation, but it's still broken.

/sigh

it **is not** broken. as different user groups use the site the search results change. this is how **every other engine** works. if bing is broken, then yahoo!, google, etc are all broken as well.

the other search engines had their own initial bias. what's the difference between them and bing? bing is brand new.

the flaw in your logic is that you are assigning human malice to adaptive algorithms based on popular input.

what you are saying is akin to saying that reddit is pro-atheist, pro-choice, pro-lolcat, and anti-digg because the company/coders want it to be. it simply is not the case. the users are what swing it that way.

i do not care one way or another about which search engine you use, but your reasons for picking are based on a seriously flawed understanding.
scottish as well lad-y
yes its pretty, but thats it.

it also has an app store, but its not very strong, mostly apps by people who tried to copy the popular iphone apps and make some money before the original creators of those ideas could port them to android.

it has no media player.

every android phone has the same shitty resolution.

you can't even sort the apps on your phone.

it needs a lot of work to not suck.
or just in general.  out of 10 cfl's i've put to use, only two have remotely approached their rated lifespan.  the rest just failed to light after &lt;500 hrs.
wow, i thought i was the only one.. when my parents got comcast cable internet, the guy hooked into the box on the outside of the garage, and then instead of running the cable through the attic, he ran it straight over the roof, (not even tacked down or anything), then down to the outside wall of the computer room, where he drilled a hole straight through the wall and fed the cable through without even a dab of silicone or a cover plate. the cable was just swinging in the breeze over the edge of the roof and into the wall.
my god (small letters), i love reddit.
a tw laser is to a 100mw laser as the [amazon river is to a leaky faucet](http://www28.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=amazon+discharge+in+drops+per+second).
[sure](http://www28.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=amazon+discharge+in+drops+per+second)
i was going to say "closet + grenade", but based on the downmods you got, maybe not.
i'd like to get to know you better.  perhaps we could have coffee together some time.  how's tomorrow at noon?
bing is not google.
wtf is bing?
there are automated, effective ways to do that. [dban](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dban) is one of the most common methods.
what i am saying is that i can't trust microsoft to filter my search results. i know there's a lot of other stuff here, and i apologise for not being succinct. that's all i'm saying.
what is 'to twit'?
take the hard drives out and smash them with a sledgehammer. buy new ones and put them in. hdd's are fuckign cheap now and all you need for win xp or a linux distro is about 40gb
you don't live in the south, do you?
but still well short of leds, and not as long-lived as either.
bcwipe. set it to erase and wipe to dod spec.
nuclear light bulbs are still cooler!
http://www.uncoveror.com/nukebulbs.htm

the atlantic isn't covered by radar entirely except maybe the military. 
whoever wrote that should check their facts


source: pilot
maybe she was referring to the man standing in front of the tanks?
i think that's something you're doing. i moved into a house four years ago and replaced all of the bulbs with cfl equivalents (outside lights included.)

none have died yet. in contrast, the house i recently moved 8 months ago went through at least 10 incandescents before i could replace them with cfl's (stupid intermediate bases) about 4 months back. haven't had a failure yet.

so, in total, our experiences together cancel out and the reader has just wasted their time.

edit / clarification: the old house is three houses away and my brother lives there, i go over all the time. some of the cfl's have dust and bugs stuck in them they've been going so long.
old enough to have laughed at that.
no. fuck off you microsoft pandering cunts.
not me... someone i know
now you're just repeating yourself!
win!
ugly
i shined a laser pointer on my hand, and my typing speed doubled!
thanks, i found it. she fulfilled my "attractive, witty, asian girl speaking in an australian accent" need for about 5 minutes.
i gave you an upvote because i love leo, and i think it's silly that you got *so many* downvotes for preserving proper 'net lingo.
"we know how to take them down, spread the word".....independence day
nein nein!,they were invited punch was served!
i think the voucher (upgrade for free) program for oems starts in july.
no option for watching hd clips seems kind of unusual, given that large screens would benefit most.
no this is true, but i'm not really sure what the issue is. circuit city has been bought, that means their customer information has been bought too. its sop in these kind of deals.
you're talking about something like [dolphin](http://www.dolphin-emu.com/news.php) ?
the more bend there is in a fibre optic line, the more light escapes. i expect you could shave off the cladding and bend the cable a bit and eavesdrop on the signal. this wouldn't break the cable, but there would still be detectable attenuation. perhaps you could put in a sort of reverse-snooping optical amplifier to hide the signal loss.
in china, i think that they just call all of that live. maybe the im client isn't down. i'm not sure. i guess i'll log into it later and check to see if anyone's online.
seriously.. don't do that...

i needs me reddit.
the joy of the chinese twitterland
i feel your pain. blocking youtube cut me off from half the foolishness of the internet.
no one

i agree, they now come with features such as netflix, facebook and twitter. wait a second...scratch that, go for the pc.
shame this comment is buried - i didn't know about this and i'm sure other brits would find it shocking. do you mind if i repost it on the uk subreddit?

edit: after further research, it turns out that the iwf's decision was reversed four days later and the article is accessible once more.
&gt; this is the internet, you should be thankful your message got through.

"got through" = "wasn't censored"

hey man, the ps3 browser is really go...ha, sorry. couldn't finish that sentence with a straight face.
i know :p 
it was on reddit when it happened, iirc that's where i first heard of it myself. 

fwiw, i'm scared to revisit it in case i get flagged as some sort of pervert. 
who axed you?
[days ahead of the the 20th anniversary of the tiananmen square democracy movement, the chinese government has detained a prominent dissident, disrupted satellite news broadcasts and blocked access to popular web sites used to post information and exchange messages, including hotmail, flickr and twitter. the video-sharing site youtube has been blocked in china since march.](http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/06/02/chinas-great-firewall-blocks-twitter/?hp)


well, id-10t and pebkac errors are common. on the other hand, "im-rooty-ooty-bee" is total horseshit, and doesn't exist anywhere.
two words "tor client"

http://www.torproject.org/


more horseshit from treehugger. they do like that natural fertilizer over there.
the parroto principle?
no answer.  just a story.

back in the day when the b2 bomber was still a black program, an hp tech i know went in to the northrup plant in pico rivera to do a warranty call on a disk drive.  the drive was unrepairable.  it was also being used for cad on the b2.

when he picked up the dead drive mechanism, he was told he couldn't take it out for security reasons.  the program was so black that erasure protocols were even acceptable.   

he protested that it was part of the warranty contract to return the drive (they were refurbished and resold).  finally they relented and said he could take it with him but they'd give it to him in the lobby affect they had applied a security procedure to it.  

he waited 15 minutes in the lobby and finally they wheeled out a box.  he looked inside because the aspect ratio of the box looked wrong.  he found the box was lined with a plastic bag and the bag with 2/3 filled with small plastic and metal chips, none larger than 0.5 mm.  they kept their word: he had it disk back and national security was protected.  

the original drive was a 7933h "dishwasher" drive (height ~4', width ~3', depth ~5').  the internal mechanism was a 24" inch diameter disk with a blazing 404 mb capacity and 24 ms seek time.

http://hpmuseum.net/display_item.php?hw=273
chandler bing?
did this get deleted?
the non-obscenity version of *to twat*
but the results the same isn't it? those who actively seek the news and truth will get it, and those who don't will take the censored news as real, or the propaganda as the solid truth.
been reading the comments. it’s fine, in general, to approach topics with humor. but look, recently reddit went down, and many reacted quite strongly to the unavailability of the site. that’s how people feel when their information and communication tools disappear. imagine that suddenly you can’t access links, your e-mails, or any other site you’re attached to. even if you’re not a hotmail user, as an example, the simple fact that you know sites can be more or less obliterated is scary. the next may be the one you find essential. 

as for access to reddit from china, yes until now it’s been fine, perhaps because of the atheism… they love atheists here. believers on the mainland are the ones feeling isolated, contrary to the trends, and they must often go underground, at their own risks, to express their views. i guess, to each it’s own kind of ‘dissidents.’

it’s wrong when the state gets involved in matters of faith, for or against it. the bottom line is the same.

as is the rhetoric for the political control of the web and the internet.

idiots downmodding you for no reason can fuck themselves.

upvoted both posts for you.
i do most of my youtube'ing on a tv, so this is cool except they didn't put my most used featured in: subscriptions.

lame :(

you don't think there's a difference between being too lazy to find good information and being unable to find good information?
&gt;we do have a free press, the government has no control over it.

uh, just because the government has no control over it does not mean the news is uncensored.

2 examples: bilderberg and aipac - not really reported in the msm.
so that one has a black background? why can't they give the option for customisation on the actual website? i'd like that and an optional autoplay feature so i don't have to rely on add-ons
i'm smiling a lot right now.

just thought you should know.
shenanigans
&gt;youtube showed how xl is designed for people who have hooked up their tvs to their laptops or video game consoles, such as xbox 360 or sony playstation 3.

there's a web browser on the 360?
not, its part of the cloud and most anyone with intelligence will stay away.
thank god. fuck twittter. 
what sort of light bulb goes off in your head when you have an idea like this?
maybe its the default setting?
&gt;homo erectus walked chinese soil 1.36 million years ago. not many countries are older, imo.

i think you might be missing the point. there is absolutely no evidence for us to think that homo erectus living 1.36 million years ago had a conception of "state". perhaps an extended family, but that's nowhere near being a "state".
obama just appointed a cyber czar to prevent internet "terrorism."  look for control of the internet on our side to be tightened too
why aren't new houses wired for both 120 volt and 12 volt. the 12 volt could run off batteries at night. you can buy 12 volt hd tv's still. actually, those tv's run with either. need some new standards in the usa. 12 volt is everywhere if you look.
make a special livecd/usb/netboot kernel+initrd that detects all drives and runs dban.

if you have network on them, you can have them send mail, etc., when they are done.  otherwise, i dunno, make them beep until you shut them off?

you're not actually giving a lot of info to work with here.
nice site visit our hydro shop at [hydroneeds](http://hydroneeds.com.au)
as someone who never had to make such a "choice", it's pretty easy to condemn, right?
ipc independent profit center. this right here is a must for everybody to check out. ive been marketing this buisness for over a year with very good results. you pay a one time small fee and you get your very own website and you make 100 percent profit on every sale that you make. you will make two hundred dollars over and over again. the money that you make from this will only grow.  check the website out for your self to see what im talking about. this could really change your life like it changed mine.
what kind of information are you looking for that would help you better?
imagine of everything that could go wrong did, all at once. 

welcome to 2013 and the new america, read the future.



great guide , i think it's in the wrong catagorey though anyways good though thanks!!
remove the hard drives.
i always thought they were just sold on ebay.
i'd assume it's because very few people know what rule 27 is off the top of their head, but many people are aware of what rule 35 is. that's part of it, at least.
yes, and i'm sure it will be as successful as ubuntu, xandros and others.
can you explain your comment? what do you mean by part of the cloud, and why should we stay away from things that are part of the cloud?
i believe the word "cctv" has also become a meme. it means stupid or retarded.
ps3's browser doesn't have the necessary codec in flash.
what madness is this?
study: no one gives a fuck about twitter
tbh, myself, and i'm sure others, subscribe to subreddits like proggit because we want to learn stuff, so please, post the 'obvious' things, just once though i suppose, else people will get all pissy.
what goes around come around. new antenna on the roof after june 12. cancel cable tv.
i know several people who think it is the most reliable news source. there are plenty who think it is the only true news source and everything else is propaganda.
in other news, apple's stock doubles in price on october 23rd. 
oh fuck, my most critical human right, the born right to access twitter

those heartless bastards
some lame site that would be really thrilled to see it was included in the list above
i know, this makes me wish the chinese would finish taking over the us
well *actually* the market share is 2/3 still with internet explorer, just most of them couldn't get the online poll to work...
the others go with microsoft or apple?
###free tibet!*



#*with purchase of tibet of equal or lesser value.
you're so funny!

the next stop is reddit, you know.

"first they came for the tweeters..."
i just wish a bone stock install of firefox didn't take foooooreeeeeever to start. i am also experiencing an annoying problem - firefox won't remember my passwords or logins. i changed nothing, it just started one day after one of the many automatic updates that prompt me to restart my browser session, after which i am presented with that ugly, annoying firefox start page. check the box, check the box, check the box. software is software, it is all annoying. 
i dunno.  i wouldn't bet there aren't a few americans who don't not think that their mainstream media isn't not propaganda.
really? it looks exactly the same as it did two months ago. maybe they just posted it because it went well with e3
apparently the chinese would just block it all and claim an outage for the day... at least that's the idea i get from the posts above.
i dunno, i hadn't seen it before today.  maybe before was a "beta" and this is the official release?
i've seen tons of "free tibet" or "fuck china" on digg,but it's still not banned.
lol ur funny too
lets b freinds
maybe a better question would be, since everyone is so content why rock the boat and stop censoring now?
no they don't.

but if you post the tank man pic on every chinese forum you can find,you will get their attention quickly.
stuff goes wrong, it just happens less often.
yeah, because if they can't unseat the iphone, clearly they're ready to take on windows.

and the great hype machine, blind to google's nearly exception-free list of failures, grinds on.
please link me to 20 other homebrew embedded clip sites that have done this before (since i've had the idea for a long time and surprised that the first i've heard of a 'simpler youtube' is from youtube its fucking self.)

/me points to a big sign that says, on the whole, people are very very slow and stupid.
i couldn't read any more when he started saying fsm.  suddenly that list of functions and events etc. turned into noodly appendages, meatballs and eyeballs.
madness?
this is science!!
split moar hairs.
i'm in china and flickr stopped working today. at least i finished uploading photos yesterday to show my friends.
twitter doesn't work. youtube still doesn't work. hotmail works. bing won't load (wtf is bing?).  live works.
first, the number reported by the chinese government was over 200, and the actual number is close to a thousand. second, i was saying that pointing to a single spot in the square and saying that's where "it" happened is absurd because "it" happened in the entire square and the surrounding areas. 
for those that don't remember history. microsoft and ibm were once the unstoppable juggernauts of the tech world. this is just the natural business cycle at work. 

i can guarantee that within the next 10 or 20 years google will stagnate, they will lose their top talent, they will become complacent, people will start to complain and that will spur two bright students from stanford to come up with something that will kill google. 

creative destruction at work. 
oh yeah, well one time i called comcast to come fix my internet and they came by the next day between 1 and 3 pm but then the guy called a little early and said he could come by so basically my shit got fixed at like 12:45.  how fuckin' cool is that?
netbook does not mean notebook. windows is essentially trying to do the same thing that apple already does, which is ensure their product works on the hardware its installed on. that way people can't complain about something "being too slow" or "this (insert hardware device) doesn't work right. apple does this all the time with all of its products.
adblock+ ?
id
iots.
can you netboot them?

can you usbboot them?

are they all able to be powered on at once?

do they have a network available to them after they are booted?

do they have any other way to notify you of the wipe's completion without having to connect a monitor to them?
that is very fuckin' cool.
i'm not sure why but the video somehow makes me nautious.
exactly.
does baidu offer a competing service? perhaps the government is trying to promote the local industries.
i'd remove and reinstall firefox if i were you.  something is not right.
that would be illegal. most businesses obey the local laws if they want to stay in business there.
does it look like that's what i mean?
totally laughing my ass off! so much hate melted into vapor...or is it vapour?
it says that two out of three who leave ie, leave for ff.  not two out of three ie users are switching.  aside from that, the article is lame and not worthy of the time to read.
the internet is lawless
hit it?
lava.
"major websites" make money in china by selling ads to chinese companies. they do business in china, so they are bound by chinese law.
angle grinder and attitude. :)
you can sort the apps by putting shortcuts on your desktop. 

i'll agree on the market, there's a few gems dxtop, sky map, snap photo pro, places directory to name a few. it needs work, but that will come with more people interested in the platform. the layout of the market really needs an upgrade as well.

what do you mean by no media player ? there's at least 2 i can think of off the top of my head for music, and at least 2 video players out there. i stick with the stock player though a it's good enough for me.

as for the resolution it's 320 x 480 , not bad at all. 

it's come a long way in a short time and it's just going to keep getting better. may not be an iphone killer but it's another option in the market that will help create competition.

also they have their targets set on taking out windows which is always a plus to me.

a htpc would though, i guess.
not only that, but you'd have every chinese netizen screaming all over the interwebs that "malicious anti-china western media trying to make china look bad!"

people miss the point of the tiananmen blockout.  the scary thing is not that the government is exerting control.  the scary thing is how they have gotten a billion people to believe any ol'damn thing they say and to fiercely, angrily fight anyone who disagrees.

look, i understand how people hate america, especially its legions of fox news watching, flag-waving, brainwashed, nationalistic bigots.  i get that.  but does it give nobody pause that the country poised to eclipse the united states is all of that and way, way more?
this isn't a legal matter!

it's a moral one.  it's an issue of trust, reliability and value - all of which are being broken.  i've never claimed it was about legality - in fact i specifically said it wasn't [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8o9ep/wikipedia_bans_scientology_from_editing_own_entry/c09wyb2).
this one is easier to navigate by keyboard as well as easier to view on a tv-screen.
soon there will be 'youtube xxl' designed for the social media elite
right, but that's the tricky thing.  it's true that there is a good third of america that believes fox news is straight up truth, and gets angry and emotional if anyone challenges the comfortable propaganda they get fed.  one-third is way, way too many, and scary for a country the size of america.

but in china, that number is closer to 90%.  just try talking to any person raised in mainland china about politics (i've lived there), and if you challenge them on anything then you're going to get a hate-blast of "you hate china!!" that is eerily reminiscent of a freeper-board.

a country of one billion freepers.  say that to yourself when you're going to bed at night.
damn right it's an issue of trust. wikipedia doesn't trust the fucking scientologists to behave themselves. and i'm beginning to think you're one of them.
or will they rise to the top much like television networks did?  i'm kinda curious to see how this plays out.
your data will get damp.
1. probably. have never attempted it before.

2. most, as far as i know.

3. yes.

4. most likely no more than 12-16 at a time.

5. that all depends on the software. dban does not have a way to do this that i know of.
&gt; and 3) nobody will buy this ever. 

...but wait...

&gt; now the nintendo folks have sold about as many wiis as microsoft and sony have sold xbox 360s and playstation 3s put together. 

ok.

&gt; today at e3, microsoft announced a new technology that, like the wii, uses motion-sensing to control video games. but it may just be better than the wii. in fact it may just kill the wii. 

this guy's predictions suck
i don't know if you're intentionally ignoring my point, or really are this thick.  wikipedia says "anyone can edit", but means "some people can make some contributions that may not be immediately changed" and this divide between their claim and the truth is growing rapidly.  scientology has nothing to do with it, nor does my lack of any religion.
free press ≠ uncensored.
free press = govt can't control what is said.

the press can still self-censor. it's still free.
scientologists' terms-violating behavior has everything to do with it. it's an issue of trust, like you said. these users have violated -- and have subsequently lost -- wikipedia's trust, hence access. done and done.
wow, thanks for pointing that out. i saw tienanmen and massacre and made assumptions. another wtf for cuil.
there is another side to this story, vested business interests. note that all the major sites blocked always foreign corporations even though they adhere to the same censorship standards that apply to local chinese corporations.

**what do the chinese people see? they see downtime; blogs that go down, email that doesn't work, services that just go 404 every few months as soon as an anniversary or anything else happens during sensitive dates.**

as a result chinese netizens are not inclined to use foreign web services which have spotty uptime. no wonder gmail isn't the most popular service in china, no wonder youtube has difficulty facing the likes of youku. no wonder google.com.cn can't fight baidu.com. i too wouldn't use them from china since they are down weeks to months out of the year.

in the end these are excuses really to help the chinese government ensure that foreign corporations have difficulty competing. why would the chinese government care? all the major local corporations of china have board of directors made largely of ccp officials. 

it's that kind of discrimination that makes life difficult for foreign corporations in china. i've got first hand experience myself; china tempted our business over to china with a 5-year tax-free incentive. now that we are moving to vietnam; the local chinese government suddenly makes up a rule that we are not allowed to move our factory equipment out. we either give it up to the government or sell it to a competitor for beans. obviously these new rules do not apply to chinese corporations. this wouldn't happen under a real capitalism, but it can happen in china.
they want an exemption because they don't like the terms apple sets that people agree to upon purchase? i don't think it works that way.
no, they don't have the resources to follow up on any but the most severe (i.e. those seen as a serious threat to stability).  there are a suspected 30-35,000 people employed as censors to monitor an internet population of 250 million, 160 million of which are bloggers.  it would take some pretty serious resources to go after everyone. ;)
sorry but xiaonei and baidu are local corporations and thus are less likely to be shut down.

this is also anti-competitive moves. anyone whom has done extensive business in china knows there are separate rules for chinese corporations and foreign corporations. the advantage is always heavily in favor of china.
oh shut up. there are only so many ways to do things and users have to be relatively comfortable with an interface. would you knock google for ripping off yahoo?
semantics.

if msm is controlled by corporations which push their agenda and censor/omit news and/or put their spin on the news, then in my opinion it is worse than a fully censored news.

at least in my experience - when i lived in a communist country, we all knew that the news was false, lying and not to be trusted.

here in america people like you do not.

that is a very scary thing indeed...
how much of that "angry reaction" is real, and how much is orchestrated by china's [50 cent party](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7783640.stm)?
and everyone else whose edits are blocked?  undone?  all the admin hierarchy and questionable changes to the truth?  wikipedia gets a pass on those?

as i've already said: this isn't about scientology.  it's about wikipedia.
ok, so my mac mini is hooked up to my tv, and i want to control everything from my remote with a "ten foot interface".

* to watch anything i want on youtube, i can use youtube xl.
* to watch something on hulu, they insist i use their client.
* to watch something on netflix's site, i guess i need their set top box.
* itunes wont let me buy from the store through front row, and...
* as far as i know i can only do amazon vod service through a browser or tivo (another set top box)

this is getting ridiculous.

anyone know a program launcher with a "ten foot interface"?
i've found state machines in labview to be really intuitive. it ends up being the most natural way to *cough*program*cough* most crap in there.

also, as an aside, lamson looks kinda sorta neat.
just get a nice 1080p desktop monitor with hdcp support.
there can be if it's networked to a system running windows media center or similar software.
i'm one of them
it doesn't just stop at the news.  every corporation on the planet has agents trying to spin the news in their favor.  how many ideas are whispered in your head a day telling you who to believe and who to denounce. you're thoughts are not your own.
i bet most of them don't actually know why they're switching, other than that one of their tech-savvy friends told them they should.
lol
not to mention the plain clothes officers they have milling about among the crowds.

was on a tour of tiananmen and 2 older guys were kinda stalking the tail end of our tour group (where i happen to be).  man did those guys ever give me the heebeejeebees.  you can tell something wasn't right with them.  i ran like a lil kid back closer to our tour group.

not a minute later my dad and i saw a local lady get arrested and put into a van for selling stuff to tourist which i understand is not allowed within the square.

the tour guide had said that it was around the 4th (it happened to be may) so security is beefed up.  they said it's closed every 4th and so we had to see it the day after (which was the 5th).

my dad also told me about how there are cameras all over the place (which i noticed) and speculated that there are even plain clothes officers disguised as tourists holding cameras filming tourists all day and capturing that stuff into databases.  that last part was just speculation, but it seems plausible to me.


could manny make to many many's that even he would think 1s to many?
what, so people aren't going to find out about it way before or way after the anniversary? somebody's going to remember to look it up after the blocks drop in a few weeks...
that's somewhat surprising because i've read various pieces lately about the growing unrest in rural areas due to different reasons (govt mistreatment, higher jobless rate result of ressession, etc).  

i suppose open revolt is not in the air, especially amongst the wealthy and burgeoning middle class.  but for those further down the ladder, i feel it maybe a different story.

also theres been recent cases where a civilian has killed a police officer in self defense and the general public backing the civilian.

this is also a special year full of anniversaries of varoius traumatic events in the nation's history.

i'd love to hear your more of your view point on this.
http://www.plexapp.com/

there are plug-ins available that can do most of what you mentioned.
that's a very good observation.  wolfram says that about 19% of china has internet, while about 73% of the usa has it.
downod for calling reasonable person idiot.
study:btly hides blogspam
it's open source and you can run your own wave server. it would be simple to protect your data with basic computer security and programming skills. if you don't like wave, it probably isn't for you. personally it is a godsend for all my collaborative activity, can't wait to get a server up and running.
correct me if i'm wrong, but email is already  encrypted with pgp.
of course they're telling their children. if there's one thing chinese people are good at, its talking. always talking... in a very loud voice nonetheless.
this is about trust, is what you said, and it is. scientology lost it. their loss, our gain as the entire world civilization.
him saying that internet access costs more is as ridiculous as me saying that in the u.s. you have to pay extra to access reddit. it simply is not true. anyone else who is in china care to back me up here and prove that this pay extra bit is simply not true?
well, i think it would be more accurate to characterize this as a trickle of urine carving a path through the snow in a snow storm... it will soon be buried.
i was there in february but didn't talk much about politics with the people i met. even commenting on the air quality shut down a conversation pretty quickly. that being said, i didn't feel half as oppressed as i do when going through lax or getting pulled over here. china is a strange place but it is no where near the orwellian place the us media makes it out to be.
i like the interface--a little cramped, but much cleaner.  the black-on-black is a little annoying, but i'm sure they had the power-saving aspect in mind.  

but i won't use it because you can't hit fucken enter to start your query.  wtf??

edit: nvm--tab works.  i'm in.
snap :-(

down 15 and still    
the downvotes fall like spring rain      
i've had better days.    
-haiku
inaccurate. you are disregarding lhc in your prediction. 
[rice bag fallen over](http://www.hemmy.net/images/news/cnnfallenrice.jpg)
that helps clarify things but i think it is important for people to know that this paying for access is not the norm. that may be a situation specific to beijing university (for people reading this 北京大学 means beijing university... it is china's top university. like a harvard) but everyday in-home access has no such pay restrictions. personally i have never encountered what he describes so that is why i called troll. his explanation helps clarify it though.

by the way, you probably know this but others reading this may not, the having to register with the psb (the cops) thing is standard policy throughout china for foreigners visiting and living here. everyone is supposed to register where they are staying and official institutions like bei da have to follow such rules. in practice there are plenty of foreigners who don't actually report where they live but it is technically required.
i'd just usbboot them all to a wiper then, and have them beep when they are done.

i hadn't realized that dban was so tightly integrated until i started pulling apart the boot image.  it looks like it *might* work with modern kernels and such, but i think he's not really trying very hard to have it be a separate program (at least 5 years ago): http://bbs.heidi.ie/viewtopic.php?f=6&amp;t=481

it's probably worth a shot to pull the busybox out of the distribution and see if it works as "dwipe" on a modern kernel.  or possibly try the newer one (which seems intended to run on 2.6.20, albeit still with its own kernel).

failing that, you could theoretically just use gnu shred on the whole block device, but that's probably slower than dban.

most return for least effort may just be a slightly tweaked dban usb boot image that goes straight into autonuke with the pass you want.  then you can just check for hd activity to know when its done nuking.
yes, but at least the government isn't shutting down the internet to prevent even alternative media from reaching us. comparisons between the censorship in china and the media self-censorship in the west are weak at best.
microsoft's new internet search engine. look it up on google, if you want.
[without blogspam](http://news.cnet.com/8301-11128_3-10254009-54.html?tag=nl.e703).  funny thing is when i say the same thing on reddit i get downvoted into oblivion and told how much of a moron i am.
human rights fanatic willing to torture... no doubt! an usatian!
thanks! thanks especially for not jumping on the "gaoshan is a mouthpiece for the party" bandwagon (i'm not a fan of the party at all, for the record. quite critical in fact. i just feel like there needs to be at least one voice of reason on the issue of china here on reddit).

they will not privatize the military mainly because control of the military is a major power issue here. whomever has more military influence has more political influence and the politicians won't give that up to the market. similarly they won't privatize the police. security guards are so common here that you can't help but see dozens of them a day. every housing complex, big business, bank, etc. has gobs of them. labor is cheap here and there are a lot of barely employed young men so having lots of people paid to be security guards makes sense on many levels. that said, they have no more authority than a generic security guard would in america. i sometimes feel sorry for the guys guarding my complex. i live in a fairly high end area and there are some rich assholes who will belittle and degrade the guards from time to time ("do you know who i am?! how dare you stop me") which pisses me off. however, since they are just guards there is not much they can do. 

rich people in china all too frequently come across with all the negative aspects of the nouveau riche. just last week i saw a countryside lady on a motorbike chasing after some suit on a moped, screaming at him. she was shouting "you think you're so great! if it wasn't for us farmers you'd be eating shit, do you hear me?!" i have no idea what they guy did to piss her off but it wouldn't surprise me in the least if he had said something rude and demeaning to her because she got in his way or dared to bump into him. good for her.
if you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to worry about. it's a popular statist mantra here and probably there too. 

if a government is going through all this effort to deny something it probably happened.
the guys in the green suits are these: [people's armed police](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people%27s_armed_police)  

the guys in the navy suits are the [psb](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ministry_of_public_security_of_the_people%27s_republic_of_china) - [photo of new uniform](http://english.people.com.cn/english/200009/20/eng20000920_50987.html)

i spent a fair amount of time in police stations (2 times against my will) while illegaly cycling through tibet, so that's why i'm so familiar with the uniforms-- learned to fear them :)
you know everyday i see people raging against mainstream news.  everyday. 


this is just my personal opinion here but i think the reason they do is because china is a collectivist society and it has a very long tradition of "uncle knows best" with regards to the way things are governed. thus the urge to keep things orderly for the sake of harmony is very strong over here. the problem with this is that the people who feel most strongly about this are the same sort of people who would be conservative republicans or conservative religious in the u.s. so you end up with the most closed minded and inflexible deciding things for everyone and, as i'm sure most of reddit would agree... that sucks for those of us who are more liberally inclined. interestingly the people who make the best party apparatchiks here are the ones who, when they come to america to study, are prone to becoming very religious and conservative. same sort of mindset drives these groups. 
smells like cold fusion science to me.

"the team has also succeeded in making the bulb produce polarized light without the use of a filter"

really.  that would be truly remarkable. nobel prize worthy indeed.  any evidence presented? nope. could you present evidence of polarization? easy.  

just typical dictation of nobel wannabes to a moronic press.
american ideals are a good marketing angle, nothing else.

somebody had to make those liberty batons, freedom tasers, and constitution gas.
proxies like that are very commonly used over here. since these proxies get blocked from time to time i often get a fresh list of similar sites at [freeproxysite.com](http://www.freeproxysite.com/). the only problem with them is that sometimes sites that require logging in can have trouble and sites that use scripts can have trouble (even when you uncheck the "remove scripts" button). so for instance, i often have to log in to a site for business purposes that requires log in and the ability to do inline javascript text editing. for that site i need to use tor. for normal browsing, like checking out some blocked /r/nsfw cutie i see in the top links, a regular proxy like ninja cloak works fine. 
i just was forced to watch an ad before my video on youtube.  it was abc's channel, but when did this happen?
yeah, most educated people who spoke english that i met in china were not very enthusiastic for the cpc-- i guess once they get an outside view of things, it becomes a little more apparent what the party is all about.

but the other 95% of people i met, who didn't speak english, would think i was an idiot if i ever spoke even slightly negatively about anything government-related. i remember being really impressed when a 14-year old kid revealed to me he thought mao was evil-- several of his friends quickly jumped in and said the opposite, but there was a knowing glance between the two of us. gave me hope for the future.
probably and i wouldn't put it past them to block for that reason. that pisses me off because i just want to use the best service, not something that is homegrown, but i bet they do it.
the government has to put down minor riots and uprisings in the countryside all the time.  these never make the news because they are in isolated areas and the people dont have internet or any of that jazz.
my first thought was: yes now i can easily watch star trek tos in hd on my tv for free! 

(it already is pretty easy, but it has room for improvement)

but no.  does not have support for hd yet.  seems like a cool idea though, good to know they are thinking.
if you go through the effort of making it encrypted. the best you get is gmail using ssl to login and view your mail. the mail itself is sent pretty much in plaintext.
that is not really fair.  they are global companies competing in a global marketplace. what is the united states government suppose to do? embargo china? 
not enough, it seems... 
this is one of my all-time favourite stories about the perils of effective censorship:  
http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2007/jun/07/pressandpublishing.china
i wish youtube had a black option, white backgrounds are annoying.  i've seen on some of their videos that they allow you to turn the lights off like hulu allows.
good points, warzoneofdefecation (ack, did i just type that? eww).

there is unrest between the classes but whether or not it will get bad enough to come to a head is the question. the government has been addressing rural inequality pretty heavily in the past year and has plans for extensive improvement of health care and education benefits over the next decade so they are aware of and addressing the problem. we'll see if it is enough. i certainly hope so.

as for the cop killing, chinese people **hate** it when privileged people and people in a position of authority abuse their power so they will always respond very strongly to this sort of thing. corrupt party members, arrogant rich bastards and pain in the ass rich kids are always popular targets for china's [human flesh search engine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_flesh_search_engine). 
i never said there's a difference, im just saying the result is the same.
no... people just don't care what stupid posts you put up on 4chan. if the government wants to get you they're going to have a pretty easy time.
you need to read some history sir.


off topic here, but is that reporter a male or female?
does that mean we have an audience?
well his point is dumb the whole 1.36 million years comments but he happens to be correct that china is very very old.

the idea of "china" has existed for thousands of years as a culture and a civilization.  france was still france even though they had the french relovution and changed governments.  
i do my best to not do anything illegal here... best way to avoid those guys. i have an uncle-in-law is a retired cop and i have to say, he was one of the nice, reasonable ones which makes him very much the exception to the rule. i'd also be much more concerned with running afoul of the cops in the more remote provinces (like tibet). fortunately i spend most of my time in the big east coast cities and i suspect those guys are more reasonable. 

did you get shaken down or harassed much?
does googlevideo.com work?  
if so, you can just load up the youtube link and add 'easy' before the youtube part (ie, http://easyyoutube.com/watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0), and download the video file. pain in the ass, but it'd work.  
  
orrrr get a proxy
that would be "destructive creation" no?

upvoted for startlingly appropriate name.
and no one in the world gives a shit except the 541 redditors to upvote this story!

edit: i upvoted it!
no.
actually, i found the psb (in tibet) to be quite friendly. i mean, they had a job to do-- i was breaking the law, so i'd get fined or put on a bus. but it was always done with respect. mostly.

i learned very quickly to not question anything they do though. i complained the first time because the psb officer took my passport and told me to meet him at the police station 35km away-- so i had to backtrack 35km on my bike. i complained that he wasn't supposed to take my passport as it's canada government property. he started yelling and threatened 2 weeks of jailtime. i was much more cooperative after that. silly laowai, i was.

but the psb officers who were not in charge of checking foreigner permits and such were very friendly and sincerely helpful-- welcomed me, wanted to give  directions, etc.

the army guys were all super cool as well. there'd be huge convoys that would stop and give us water, and on two occasions an army general came and welcomed us (in perfect english, even). we actually managed to let us eat at a small army base once, although then ended up ripping us off a bit-- but we'd run out of food so we had no choice!

even the (paramilitary) frontier police i ran into were pretty friendly-- i got taken in by them once, they gave me lunch on their base before checking on things and sending me along.

i'm pretty sure there's a "no beating up foreigners" rule, since even those protesting before the olympics seemed to get off without much beatdowns. especially in tibet, they are probably very image-conscious when it comes to foreigners, as we all know.

ohh, this is getting long, but i have to mention it-- one psb was verry friendly. as in, he made me stay in a hotel room (he was going to send me back the way i came on a bus the next day), ordered in food, and kept on throwing out questions about homosexuality, and wanting to see my body hair. god that was funny. luckily he wasn't very persistent and left soon enough.
another note, finding that information in china could result in penalties, whereas in the us it is *unlikely* to happen.
let's propeller to the front page!
why will android (themed linux) succeed in desktop/laptop os use where ubuntu/fedora linux et al have not. ms is still at about [90%](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:operating_system_usage_share.svg) with most of the competition being mac. is it purely the google backing that will do it ? i have used my daughters g1 and its cool, but nothing special.
18-20 phones?  the iphone sells in the *millions!*;)

military will try anything these days (esp, polygraphs).
i think "bing" is going to have a problem with that...
lots of people using this won't be using hd tv.

i'm happy, my kids are going to be excited.  they got tired of the pc hooked up to the tv but they still youtube on my wii.  hopefully it's going to be nicer to use.
upvoted for interesting anecdotal content
depends on how you look at it. a "100w" bulb that now uses only 60w is (100-60)/100 = 40% more efficient. when you talk "savings", the original usage is the denominator. for example, if you get something for free, you'd say you saved 100%, not that you got infinitely more for your money.

a 60w bulb that produces the equivalent of a 100w bulb is (100-60)/60 = 67% more productive.  by that measurement, the cfl is 335% more productive.
female
a summary:
tor works pretty much always, but is slow enough that you'll only need it for what is absolutely necessary.

proxy lists are a pain - half the time it doesn't work. wastes too much time.

pay for a vpn - this is what i've finally done recently. works very well. but that's for my home computer; at work, i just deal with it, and when i absolutely need something (like about a year ago when wikipedia was blocked) i just use tor.

it is slowly but surely getting more and more difficult to be a foreign internet user in china. go with vpn if you can, it will solve the problem.
haha bing sucks so much they have to advertise for it. that's even lamer than cuil.
the bbc was blocked for years and years, but unblocked about 1-2 years ago, and been accessible since. cnn's website, as far as i know, was never blocked at all. both these sites regularly have significantly critical material on them.
i was making a joke. the joke was that ie doesn't work.

jesus, tough crowd.
&gt; playing video games at 46 frames per second

i thought that one was interesting. how the hell did they measure that...
are you sure it's blocked? i just opened it from shenzhen with a completely unadulterated connection (i.e. i have all the usual blockages, youtube, blogspot etc.)

youtube is still blocked, has been blocked for months now.
as to what to do, not sure, but it might depend on how you're going to connect to the 'net while you're in china. internet cafes are easy to find in urban areas but they won't give you an easy route round the great firewall.
in fact i stopped using 'net cafes here a couple of years back more or less, but i noticed around that time they actually introduced a rule that you had to show your id card to use a net cafe. i don't know what's happened about that, but i hope to find out. 

my last holiday in china i was just using wireless in hotels/cafes because i was in a tourist town/area (dali in yunnan). if you're in typical backpacker areas it'll be like that, assuming you bring a laptop. then i guess you can use tor but it might be superslow using tor here to upload video over a wireless connection!
maybe the hotel uses a vpn? that wipes out all the blockages and keeps speeds high.
thanks for checking it out.  we were getting reports from a user in china last night that she was unable to access the site the same time the others disappeared.
you're thinking about that dean dude ? 
hp’s ‘power to change’ initiative encourages personal computer users around the world to make behavioral changes in support of the environment 
i managed to get basic for free that way.
iems* (in-ear monitors)

look at the etymotic er6i. 
a standard lcd television screen often has the capability to watch at 800x600 resolution, thus 'hd' in terms of flash would in fact benefit on a normal tv screen, as the normal flash resolution is quite low.
probably not. i have to ask, though, if you have experimented with other packages? if the only thing you've used before is vista &amp; ie7... it's sort of like saying "i enjoy the occasional periods when my abductors aren't burning me with lit cigarettes and give me actual food instead of feces to eat; is something wrong with me?"
so, have you tried xp pro and chrome? win 3.11 and mosaic? debian and iceweasel? garnet and blazer? win2k and seamonkey? or my personal favorite of the week, windows server 2008 and firefox 2.0.0.18?
hey, if you want to use a malware addon, be my guest!
suckers...
so. it will be window vista's competitor!
no...tired crowd.  i should sleep before posting.  :-|
it's a google style beta release. not all the features of the usual yt work untranslated for yt/xl.


finally, i can adjust how many elements i have in speed dial :)

like the new visual tabs thing, but it takes to much viewable space from the website.
why? they can make fakes of it already, don't see why they should buy it. 
good headline/tagline
sounds like a plan!

/b/ should get on this.
a few strategically placed emp bombs will someday evaporate the cloud.
i was thining along the sign or got to gitmo lines.
thanks for pointing that out, i've been getting really annoyed with the limit of 9 recently... although i'm not upgrading yet as i use it for my email and that could go awry with a beta, hehe.
can anyone locate a changelog or is it not up yet?
eh, just backup the whole opera profile folder and thats that. your mail should be stored in it.

don't hold me by the word, since i don't use opera mail :)
she made it up.
check out the newer stuff on this site. pretty crazy!
&gt;it's my impression that most chinese have no idea their stuff is censored.

do they follow this line because they think they would get into trouble for talking about censorship?
yeah, the mail can be backed up but i don't wanna start retreiving new mail in opera 10 and then suddenly have it screw up on me. there were some terrible bugs in mail in the alpha when i checked it out, anyway.
:) you don't know how to locate it i see

http://www.opera.com/docs/changelogs/windows/1000b1/
i swear it wasn't there 10 minutes ago!
drill 7x holes randomly through the entire hd. use at least a 1/4 inch bit.
people from india and china are not allowed to have sex on the internet. given the size of their populations i suspect this is just bad policy.
so what?

opinions should be based on the facts presented in an article not on the comments.  if i read an article about tibet with 100,000,000,000 pro china comments below i should still think and comment "tibet should be free".

when they supress facts thats censorship, when they try to influence opinion by adding more opinion then all i can say is dont be so easily influenced. 
"one walther pk380."

"check."

"one encryption encoder."

"check."

one fly swatter."

"check."


it's up: http://www.opera.com/docs/changelogs/
tha oprah.
there is a turn off the lights button on youtube for me, don't know about you
hey thats also my birthday! maybe microsoft will give me a free copy ;d
get a portable version of the beta, there are tutorials to build one yourself i think, or wait until someone comes up with it.
&gt;this wouldn't happen under a real capitalism

why not?  the market doesn't care if your business takes a big hit.  nothing inherent in capitalism protects the individual person or the individual company.
i think he means that in a free market, the government doesn't tell you you're not allowed to move your factory equipment.
i hope you aren't american, because the loud voice is far more of a us stereotype! ;-)
in 5-10 years china will be very different. mind-you, i expect similar changes in the west over a slightly longer period. the internet has completely changed the game. 
[i like this one](http://www57.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=how+long+is+a+piece+of+string%3f)

not sure if it's been posted elsewhere before though. apologies if it has!
please god, no. i've been predicting mass online activism (and it's results) for about five years now and i'd be thoroughly depressed if it were bunch of channers that made history here. 
oh, wow. you forgot "protip:" haha... that's okay cos i'm a mouse-y person anyway, all mouse gesture-y and stuff.
i'm running it now, and it's good- faster than the old one and speed dial and tabs are both improved.
censorship works quite well.  i grew up in south africa where much censorship was in place.  i only heard about nelson mandela about 2 weeks before he was released from prison.

i think things are changing now, dramatically, with the internet.  even if a government implements censorship, information will leak through.  to try to stop it is as futile as trying to stop piracy.
simply open /opera/speeddial.ini
then add this

     [size]
      rows=5
      columns=5
do we have adblocking or extensions or anything yet?

don't get me wrong, it does look like an *awesome* browser, but there are things i'd miss.

definitely giving it a shot.
or rather, repeal existing laws that make competition essentially illegal between providers, thus decreasing prices and increasing services naturally via the marketplace.
breaking news! china regulates their internet. dogs lick their balls.
explain why this works with an nz accent as opposed to some other accent?
bit slower than the alphas, but hasn't crashed in the last two hours.
then why don't *you* go do it? why doesn't reddit go do it?

4chan is famous because they actually *do* things instead of sniffing each others' asses all day.

...to be completely fair, they do that most days.
we're going to sell them on ebay, but these computers may contain student information. thus, the ferpa stipulation of wiping them.
forget it.  you're completely missing the point by trying to make this an argument i'm not going to have.

if you want to just say "all scientologists are bad" - go ahead.  put it on a red arm band and go public.  i'm not debating that with you here.
civil libertarians will never let a chance go by to make digs at american "oppression," even if that means comparing the country unfavorably to, of all places, china.

we're still talking about a country that has a system of "reeducation through labor" for political dissidents, that set up a "protest zone" during the olympics only to imprison everyone that applied, that has a seperate legal system for party members that operates completely outside the law, that forbids discussion of certain topics, controls the media and crams propaganda down your throat from the time you're a toddler.

before i was allowed to work in china, i had to get an aids test.  libertarians would flip their shit if this was required where they live.  the chinese government is blocking out news and information - again, redditors would completely hit the wall if their governments tried to do this.

there is a lot to be said about both western media coverage of china and the erosion of civil liberties at home.  but i don't think it helps the case to make comparisons to china.
[better than adblock](http://www.mvps.org/winhelp2002/hosts.htm)
adblock is built into opera and has been for a while. while not as robust as adblock, you can manually block ads on a site.
lol
and even if they do have that much power, they still need the spare parts to make necessary repairs.
the 15 people using it are taking time out of yelling at everyone for not supporting opera to rejoice for a few minutes.
yes, "do things". like griefing handicapped people and hasbro online games for children. :-)

there *are* people doing what i described. it's just not reached critical mass yet and won't until the majority of people have switched away from mainstream media. 
i've been using that hack for 6 months at least. when i installed the beta this morning it automatically recognized that it was 4x5 in the configuration screen.  awesomeness abound.
this comment on danwei is what a lot of people misunderstand about this issue:

*... @anonymous, do you think americans would care or even know if the us government blocked access to tianya, 163, qq and xiaonei? what are those websites you ask? great, now you know how the majority of chinese people feel about blocking of hotmail, twitter and most other foreign sites. block something that people care about and there will be an outcry...*
so this is a preview of firefox 4.0 and internet explorer 11?
nice. post updates on how stable you think it is. i've had some serious instability issues with opera in the past, even though it is all i've been using for years and years...
i think that with china, one *can* finally accurately compare something with the nazis. 

seriously, this is literal george orwell stuff. very disturbing. it's really sad and frightening. i really hope citizens of china rise up and revolt, because china's just asking for it.
sharks are also made more efficient with lasers.
eu. all these reactionary "ban everything"/"save the planet" laws (incandescents, lead solder, etc.) are from the antidemocratic eu.
[uncanny!](http://manny-the-uncanny.ytmnd.com/)
how are the stability tests going?

anyone have experience?
i can only manage to block images that way. it would be great if they let us block css classes, and import the easylist block list.
unfortunately, i have a casio cfx-9850gc plus.

also unfortunately, i don't do high level math on a daily basis.

also, i have excel for constructing graphs and tables.

and finally, i use launchy, so if i want to calculate a sum, it's as easy as pressing alt+space and typing "56.2 + 245 ="
i typically have opera open for weeks on end without closing. i also have anywhere from 4 to 20 tabs open at any given time.  and since the alpha snapshots have started, it has only crashed two times. 

i imagine that the beta will be even more stable than the alpha.  

if i have any major with the beta, i will come back to this and reply to you again so you'll get a red envelope. 
wow! well, it sounds like when it came down to it they were mostly pretty cool to you. that is my experience as well though i have seen them get rough at times (even with foreigners) i guess that is just how cops are all over the world.

hilarious that you almost became that one cop's ultimate gay fantasy... i am going to tell my friends here about that. they'll get a hoot out of it. very funny. reminds me of an incident i had with a taoist monk in chengdu who invited me back to his room for a private fortune telling. i took him up on it (i'm physically pretty imposing so i wasn't worried about getting overpowered and i wanted to get some behind the scenes photos in the monk's personal quarters) and when he invited me to join him on the bed (and showed me a wad of cash he had under his pillow (it was a lot... i was almost flattered) i decided that i had somewhere to be real quick. my "gay monk" story.  
i wonder if this one will suck ass at displaying popular websites?  edmunds always shows "no bread crumbs present in request" when i try to view a list of new cars for a manufacturer.  cnn often does not load any images.  at least once a day, i shake my head and say "oh opera" and close the browser because it's locked up.  i don't know why i continue to use it, but it probably has to do with the fact that it completely conforms to obscure standards and steadfastly ignores common ones just like my amish brethren.
not only that, but the social networking sites that they control (mostly knockoffs of the stuff they've just blocked) are all conveniently 'offline for maintanence' and will just happen to resume normal service the day after the anniversary.

http://www.danwei.org/net_nanny_follies/chinese_websites_under_mainten.php
opera allows custom css, which you can use to block whatever you want.  
this filter is pretty much the best one out there for opera:  
http://www.fanboy.co.nz/adblock/opera/  
the urlfilter is the "adblock" filter and the element hider is the css filter
it's had one for a while. 

works the same way as adblock, w/o live updating of list. 
do you know where to save urlfilter.ini for opera 10 beta?
blocking's usually done at provider level. some providers have even been prosecuted by the cpc for blocking too heavily. at this point, i gave up trying to understand everything at work.
yeah, but it works better.
mine too!
scientologists have abused wikipedia's trust -- which *you claimed* was the issue. now you're saying trust *isn't* the issue. you're flip-flopping.

you've abused my trust, and i am therefore blocking your access to this debate.
in 10b they removed the "profile" folder and moved everything one folder up. so it would be  
c:\documents and settings\"your username"\application data\opera\opera\  
for xp

actually... i'm not sure what the default folder that 10b installs to is. the last folder could be something like "opera 10 beta 1" (it's different so you can have several versions of opera installed)
businessmen on their phones!
go visit - then you will have at least one leg to stand on!
china doesn't care much about eclipsing anyone. keeping 1.3 billion people fed and in half-decent conditions is hard enough.
i've been using the 10 alpha and leaving it open for weeks at a time, no crashy. just like 9.6x before it. it's been a while since i've had any browser crash, actually, besides flash related shit.
&gt; which you claimed was the issue

no i didn't.  i said "wikipedia is lying about what it is" - that's the trust i've been talking about.  that's also the point you continue to ignore.
    opera:config#url filter file

open that in opera.
since we're talking about extensions, does anyone know if there is anything like [firebug](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/1843) and [httpfox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/6647) for opera?
the latest alpha's were unstable as hell, but that's the alphas. the released versions has barely, if at all, crashed on me.
how about disabling non-used toolbars? i have the menubar hidden and 50 % sized icons. plenty of screenspace.
screenie?
i've got about 30 pixels worth of ui height showing in my opera installation. haven't seen that been done in any other browser so far. 

*edit: added the word 'height', and it seems firefox can do it too with a bunch of addons.* 
anyone know how this compares with ff and ie in terms of speed?
i don't know about ie but it is faster than firefox on pages that don't use javascript heavily, like goolge reader for instance. this is on linux, i think both firefox and opera peform better overall on windows but i wouldn't know for sure. 
&gt; unless some other browser can provide a similar experience i'm not leaving. 

yeah?  well, these are *my* legos and i will take them home if i want to!  have fun playing with gravel and grass!
i'm a firefox user, but i hear a lot of people raving about opera. can someone explain to me why i should switch?
i'm quite impressed so far (but i am a huge opera fanboy). the rendering engine seems much faster, as does its javascript/dom manipulation. facebook lags in opera 9.6 when compared with firefox, but this has been solved in the beta. last.fm is quicker too. visual tabs are a neat idea, but i don't think it's something i'd ever use (just because i have too many tabs open to justify it). the worst i can say about it is that the "welcome to opera 10" page (http://portal.opera.com/upgrade/) is ugly as sin. 

oh, can we have a way to organise rss feeds, please? a folder heirarchy would be lovely.
dudes need to put a clear link to screenshots on their main page if they want me to care at all.
i know you're not supposed to turn them on and off briefly. keep them on for at least 15 minutes (i think) at a time or they'll burn out very quickly.
techrepublic wrote about why last year: http://blogs.techrepublic.com.com/10things/?p=414

my reason is simply that it is the browser i've been using since 1996 and i'm used to all the shortcuts and quirks. (f8 for marking the adressbar instead of f6 and so on..)
firefox is really bloated even without the plug-ins.  opera works a bit faster (maybe not on javascript, but i'm not sure).  built-in torrent client. just go try it dude, it takes like 10 seconds to download and install it.
mostly speed comes to mind.  opera uses a lot less system memory than firefox, has a faster startup time, and loads pages noticeably faster (in my experience).  it's also very feature heavy without really being bloated, so that it replicates (though that's the wrong word, since it usually has them first) firefox add-ons without the system drain.  in all, i'm in it for the speed and functionality.
[dragonfly](http://www.opera.com/dragonfly/) is still an alpha, but it's included; tools -&gt; advanced -&gt; developer tools.
this deserves its own submission.
i've used opera for ages, and i have a big ol' list i got from somewhere years ago for opera to use as a blacklist, but i really wish they'd make their adblocking features more prominent and easy-to-use because it seems to be a deal breaker for a lot of potential migrants from firefox.
so you have double standards about trust. you and the scientologists get to violate it, and that doesn't count as a violation of trust, but when i and wikipedia take measures to protect ourselves against such violation of trust, such self-defense counts as a violation of trust.

good to know exactly what kind of a slimeball i'm dealing with. thanks.
i hope cisco realizes that you can create/buy that exact same experience for about 1/10th of the price, and depending on the quality you want, you can even do it free.  $85,000?  seriously cisco?
how's that ironic?  would we be more "freedom loving" if we didn't allow our it companies to do work overseas?  our legal framework and bill of rights is completely separate (or at least should be) from our private enterprises.
yeah, i wasn't aware of the new template. i didn't read the tps report.
shit 96, didn't know it had been around for so long, thought it was relatively new to when i was told about it and started using it like 6 years ago.
yeah, what happened to people raving on about how great gestures are?..
&gt; lots of people using this won't be using hd tv.

the point wasn't that it should be forced upon everyone, but that there was no option for it, like in the regular ui.
oh, joy. turns out i've been running 10 alpha(had to check..) the last couple of months, so the beta launch would be something like opera fanboy x-mas
another bullshitty thing for lame news sources to hype, woo fuckin hoo.
well, well, well... i did this today, since i though why i can enter it in the new interface and i found it in a file.

didn't accord to me that i could do that before, though the feature was hardcoded. stupid me :)
here are some of the reasons i use it:

* stuck with an ancient wood-burning pc at the office, i feel opera 10 is subjectively more responsive than any of the firefox builds i've tried. the difference is smaller on a more modern pc, though.

* security, partially through obscurity. most browser-based exploits target ie, a few have targeted firefox, but as far as i know, no one's ever singled out opera that way. small market share does have some advantages. and apart from that, the opera development team seems to take security seriously, patching quickly when weaknesses are discovered.

* i like the fact that it's a browser, a mail client, and an rss reader all in one. i actually use all those features. compared to keeping 2 or 3 separate programs open, opera is hugely more memory-efficient. compared to switching between 2 or 3 other programs one at a time, opera is far faster.
why are they applying mean and median to a power-law distribution?
telecommuters: 5 essential tools you need for stress-free telecommuting
&gt;it costs more to view content outside of china

that is insane.
i can tell you that there's a huge speed gain on my old dell desktop p4 1.7ghz with 256mb ram

i can't use firefox on that box anymore, at least not in any meaningful way. chrome 2beta is ok, but this feels much more responsive.
most chinese students i met at my (uk) university had no idea what i was talking about when i mentioned it to them. i think only one out of about 6 i asked knew what i was talking about, and was still uneasy about discussing it.
still here! love the gestures.

mine doesn't...
http://imgur.com/zxnla.png
tab bar is hidden when not in use, usercss for reddit amongst other websites. if i wanted i could turn off scrollbars, further reduce the size of the icons (they're at 80% right now) and use a smaller skin.
i want one of these soooo badly, and i have for years.

what i'd really like to see are the directions for building this thing.  just to make sure it's doable.
one million upmods to you.
why do you think opera is less popular than firefox given its (in your opinion - i honestly don't know) superiority?

(serious question)
is it beta than the last one? (americans won't get this, you're saying it wrong)
you're blocked from this debate. your hypocrisy has been exposed. any further messages from you will be ignored.
it is much faster, but it's a shame the new js engine won't make it.  it'll be very interesting to see how it performs against v8 and tracemonkey, especially if it's going to support all the architectures opera do.
6mb! it's huge!
the beta will install itself in a separate folder, so you will be able to run both your 9.x opera and the new opera 10 beta. 
you should wait until the final version of opera 10 comes out to upgrade your 9.x version.
really?  it took me about 30s to make [this](http://voi.aagh.net/opera-tiny.png), dragging the address bar to my modestly modded status bar and turning off the rest.
i didn't say anything about them actually shutting them down. i'm just saying that those sites would affect even more people than the others, for comparison's sake.
probably because they were dicks and tried charging for it at first, then they tried ads, all while the other browsers were free.
it doesn't crash.
i've installed it on intrepid and i'm very impressed. when i was using the last version of opera i had to use firefox for flash as opera didn't seem to handle it very well, but this version seems to load it incredibly quickly and run smoothly. this means i only have to use ff now for my porn now. good work!
&gt;firefox is really bloated

i hear this word get tossed around all the time, but it doesn't really mean anything.  could you provide some examples of "bloat" in firefox?
retract that, good sir.  i am an upstanding member of this community, and i will not have my name bandied about willy-nilly with the likes of that twat!

no, seriously, it's just the sort of joke that only i find funny, which, you know, you sometimes have to indulge. gaoshan seems like a good sport, and i thank him for that.
*hammers another nail into his powerbook g4 ppc's coffin*

[edit] *pulls out nail with back of hammer, downloads universal binary*
f11 -&gt; fullscreen
i never use toolbars anyway, and mouse gestures + shortcut keys let's me do anything need.
\*you're\* typing it wrong.
upvoted because you made me feel wanted.
as someone who was in tiananmen square 20 years ago, and lives in the u.s. now, i've got to say you're a complete and total fool.  an unmitigated and dangerous moron.  

you feel that your experience as a tourist in china is at all representative of the oppression of the people?  are you really that delusional?

though the curtailment of rights in the u.s. is scary and wrong, for the vast majority of cases we have (1) freedom of religion, (2) freedom of association, and (3) freedom of speech.  you want to do a comparative study with china?

fucking moron.  
i use [privoxy](http://www.privoxy.org/). more flexible than a hosts file.
i'm shooting down your argument by saying that *lots* of chinese sites are [down for "maintenence"](http://www.danwei.org/net_nanny_follies/chinese_websites_under_mainten.php) right now.
opera software had a 15 year anniversary earlier this year:

http://www.opera.com/docs/history/
where? opera is more popular than firefox in some markets. and at my house it is extremely popular too. please specify.

one aspect for new users might be the learning curve. having an extension based product makes the users learning gradually what can be achieved with the product at hand, whereas a feature complete product sports just a bit too much for many of todays impatient surfers.
google is your friend.

the very *first* thing to come to mind should be "i can't be the only person to need more speeddials...i wonder if someone else has figured out a way to add more...lets find out."
i don't think they understand what median means.

sweeeet. i was very impressed with the alpha, but it was a bit crashy. hopefully this is better in that regard.
my girlfriend is from china. according to her, everyone knows about all that stuff, they just don't talk about it with foreigners because "it's none of their business" basically.
"obviously, each of these browsers works the best on the operating system that has the same creator - windows for internet explorer, mac for safari and linux for mozilla firefox."

i stopped reading there. i guess he hasn't used firefox on linux recently.
http://acid3.acidtests.org/

100/100

doesn't need any plugins. it has everything you need. an adblock for example, though it's more advanced.
hasn't google won already?
its a word people use when they can't find something wrong with a product.. example.. microsoft word is bloated.
not disagreeing with what you say, but you do realize there is another side to this. us government provides aid to third world and developing countries with the precondition that us companies are allowed to operate there. it happens all the time. when the chinese petro company tried to buy an american oil company there was senate intervention to prevent the deal from going through. this kind of protectionism happens all the time. nothing is really _free and fair_..
upmodded for willy-nilly and twat in the same sentence.
it was kind of developed in a parallel universe, they do (did?) most of things their own way. some examples:

 * not open source, so no geek cred.
 * one of the older browsers, so no this-is-so-fresh-hype cred.
 * better than thou strictness in html parsing (annoying for most users)
 * including a mail client inside the browser (and now bittorrent too), people already have a mail client
 * people already have a browser
 * tabs when other browsers didn't
 * search box next to the address bar when others didn't
 * extra back and forward buttons (to previous site, and onto autodetected next page)

just a grab bag of things of the top of my head. basically all of them are positive things from the geek perspective, but can make users not feel at home.

my personal thing why i stopped using opera was when a major update (6-&gt;7?) used much more gui resources and ram, which bogged down windows 98 se. after that i started using linux with opera on a much faster system, gradually shifted to konqueror when they added tab-restoration on crash. today i am still using the khtml engine though in safari which renamed it webkit.
&gt;opera uses a lot less system memory than firefox

at $11.99 per gig and for $89 you can buy a terabyte drive.  is it really that big of a deal anymore?
yes.  they can't separate the internet signal from the video.  technically you're not *supposed* to take advantage of this, but how are they going to know, let alone stop you?
on the contrary, i've been blocking flash content for a couple of years now.
everything about the pre is a huge risk. if it's not an immediate and overwhelming success the company is finished.
at least no one gets confused and thinks we're saying *better* version.
how does this one compare to some of the other "open source" cnc's?

$750 is getting dangerously close to everyone-can-have-one land.
f11?
they just use baidu anyway.
ok
not really. side by side comparison firefox loads slower and i spend more time navigating. shortcuts in opera boosts it even more. 

ironically i spend more time making firefox behave like opera, or being annoyed at firefox not behaving as smoothlyas opera, or missing stuff that opera has built in seamlessly. 

don't get me wrong, i use them both next to each other on a daily basis, but all firefox has is plugins, and 90% of them are either junk, or bloat. beyond that there's a 10% that're just downright fantastic or emulates opera :p
1. the ability to instantly turn on/off animated gifs and plug-ins on a per-page basis. makes the web much faster and less annoying.

2. tabs (including tab histories) are saved between sessions, even if the process dies (for example, when cisco vpn causes vmware to hang).

3. stability. opera was once a little unstable, but for the last few years it has been rock solid. it never crashes now. in contrast, i'm always amazed when i use firefox for a few minutes and it manages to crash during that small amount of time.
disclaimer: i haven't used either firefox or ie in years except for checking the occasional page, so they may have these features. i tried safari, but it was butt-ugly, so i gave it a skip.

*mouse gestures: i've gotten so used to them that i wonder every single time i use another browser why they haven't implemented it yet.

*the progress bar popping up from the bottom. shows me what loading and why it's doing whatever it does. helps a lot with a slow connection and gives you a heads up on ad site urls of ad sites that need to be blocked.

*speed dial.

*back and forward buttons that work more often than the in other browsers. i want the page that i was at to load instantly dammit!

*looks better?

*on the the right of the taskbar, thee are two buttons. one to show/hide images (or only cached ones) again it helps with the slower connection. the zoom button makes life a lot easier when you encounter websites with micro-fonts.

*you can change the style sheet of web sites on the fly.

*the built-in down-loader doesn't suck.

*there's probably more, but i can't think of them now.
yes but what is the mode?
when you are multitasking between, perhaps, team fortress 2 and redditing with 50 tabs open having a browser with the smallest memory footprint might be a useful thing.
good job on the email composer!
context or something else?  

if i saw that beetle in the wild, i would either defend myself against it or run screaming like a little girl... but the idea of strapping some electronics to its head to manipulate it to start and stop flying seems ... wrong, for lack of a better word.

ex firefox fanboy here. 

mainly responsiveness. for example while opening a lot of tabs browser becomes frozen for a second or two - doesn't happen in opera. even though opera comes with integrated mail, irc and torrents startup times are barely comparable, especially if firefox has adblock with regex list. with these features you would expect it would be as sluggish and bloated as seamonkey - it's not. greasemonkey scripts are partially supported too, though they have their own system. bookmark/settings synchronization is also provided, no need for foxmarks and tools alike.

lately i was looking for an lightweight email app, having not succeeded in my search i checked out the inbuilt one. it's simple, has presets for common mail providers (wizard took a look at my email, determined it was gmail, and set up everything necessary: servers, ports, etc.) supports multiple mail boxes, ssl, displays a mail icon in tray when there's mail and introduces zero new software to my machine.

functionality wise firefox with addons is miles ahead, especially if you're a web developer, but since i'm not - opera provides me with all the functionality i need, with three times as fast startup times.
also i made it look more firefox2-ish [layout wise.](http://imgur.com/icmhh.png)
if you download the qt4 version and use kde 4, you can finally use the native qt theme and actually have it reflect kde! seems a little buggy at the moment, but opera:about says it's using qt 4.5.0 now (or at least the version of qt i have installed). just [choose your architecture](ftp://ftp.opera.com/pub/opera/linux/1000b1/beta1/en/) and get the gcc4-qt4 version.

edit: also noticed [something seemingly pointless](http://imgur.com/cd2n2.png). you can resize the tab bar and get the previews as part of the tabs. is this qt4-specific or just some weird new feature?

edit 2: it even uses the kde 4 file dialogue now! :d
"during her years at cnet news, ina fried has changed beats several times, changed genders once, and covered both of the pirates of silicon valley. these days, most of her attention is focused on microsoft."
i dont get "in-ear" earphones, i got a pair of skullcandy ones and its all rumbly in my ear when i move or nudge the cable, is this supposed to happen?
you know, you could probably see a huge performance increase by upgrading that ram a little bit.  and by a little bit, i mean a lot.  unless you happen to be one of those people with rdram, in which case you should probably buy a new computer (cheaper) :-(
because they've been so successful with their other branding efforts?
peer to peer, on demand streaming of media kept in a distributed, redundant file system stored in the ram of it's users. it could be a program, a set top box, or likely both.

on demand streaming of video over the bittorrent network has already been demonstrated using applications such as [swarmplayer](http://trial.p2p-next.org/).

the next evolution of this idea should be
 
* enforced upload bandwidth requirements

* automatic transcoding of media for streaming (at the time of initial upload)

* a redundant, distributed file system, propagating files based on popularity


the current average upload speed for a broadband customer in the united states is 435kbit/sec according to dsl reports.

http://www.dslreports.com/shownews/average-us-upload-speed-435kbps-96949

a 200kbit h.264 stream is watchable, around youtube quality. not great, but bandwidth should only go up over the next 5-10 years. while bandwidth will continue to increase over the foreseeable future, the bandwidth needed for video should taper off eventually (if nothing else, by the time we hit the resolution of our eyes)

the application would require it's users to be able to upload 400kbit/sec consistently to qualify.

instead of keeping videos locally, 256 mb (or more) of ram on each client would be set aside to participate in the distributed, redundant file system. uploading new content would require non-volatile storage, like a hard drive, but watching video should not require storage.

if you've ever downloaded a file over bittorrent, you know that you don't need to have the whole file before you are actively contributing to the p2p network. if you have a 4mb piece of a 1gb file, your upload will be maxed out as long as there are a sufficient number of needy peers. this means that you don't have to hold entire files locally, only enough to be valuable to the network, and to maintain redundancy.

so... you plug in and it will start filling it's cache with the content from the distributed file system. within a few moments you will become a valuable member of the community, uploading 400kbit/sec.

this will entitle you to download 200kbit/sec from the network indefinitely.

any 200kbit/sec media in the network, therefore, could be streamed on demand. 

as the average upload speed of it's users go up, the higher quality the video that can be streamed.

this would enable the on demand streaming of a nearly unlimited amount of video content.

stream an entire season of... plays performed by your local repertory theater. stream unlimited music from unsigned indie bands from your home town... whatever content is on the network, you would have all you can eat, instant access, as long as it's popularity is sufficient to maintain it's presence in the network.

after that, we work on the streaming of media from live sources. as long as you keep the 2 up / 1 down ratio, anybody should be able to broadcast to a potentially unlimited audience.
you mean it's not interesting that half of all twitterers only twitter once, or not at all?
i got voted down to hell last time i posted this, but here is my opinion: branding. 

the name and visual style of opera just aren't inspiring, and it hasn't overcome the stigmas it gained several years ago. the stigmas could probably be over come by a fresh re-branding (zomg look a new browser! for people that didn't know better.)


because the point is to emphasize how few twitter users contribute to twitter, and telling people about the median is easier than trying to explain power-law distributions to non-statisticians. 
that's why you have ctrl+tab and [insert relevant key-combination in linux and macos].

.. or you can customize opera exactly the way you want: http://operawatch.com/news/2009/01/full-screen-mode-with-toolbars-in-opera.html
if opera would implement tree style tabs, i'd switch in an instant....but alas, they have not done so.  (moving the tab bar to the left in opera is not the same.)  it's really irrelevant how fast pages load to me, as i just tend to scroll through reddit and open a bunch of pages in new tabs, then go look through them after i've opened about a dozen.
it's the main reason i don't use it. 
you are getting hard drives and ram confused - hence the downvotes. 

for win32 systems you only have 3ish gb of ram that can be used. 
for a while mine was just basic. a recent channel scan gave me all of the "cable" channels like comedy central and cartoon network. it's crazy!
downmodded for linking to slashdot instead of the article.
well, it may be easier, but it's not useful! it's misleading. if bill gates walks into your workplace, then everyone in your office is a millionaire (on average).
sweet!
lol!!


yea vista was awesome.
i think that's why they included both the mean and the median. the mean being so much higher than the median shows that there are some really active users, but most aren't.
an end-user hosted cdn is something people are looking into, especially since the latest flash has p2p capabilities.  concerns include security of the browser it's running in and isps with an even higher incentive to do traffic shaping.  

a system like this, but with encrypted local stores and node-to-node communication, was attempted a few years back--called freenet.  it was hellaciously slow.  


...oh, and 's/violate/volatile/'among others.
shit, i gotta start inviting bill gates over more often.
detailed analysis of why old (4-5 years) storage arrays should be replaced and why they aren't
well for one, it costs a bit more than that if you want anything but ddr2 ram. same for 2.5 inch drives instead of 3.5 inch ones.
firefox is one of the greatest ram hogs i have ever seen.

also they supposedly simplified the ui from the old mozilla one, but it is still full of useless 'features'.
thanks. i was mainly commenting on what goes on for the 'intellectual elite', who seem to face the most restrictions in this regard. 
imo, one of the major reasons is likely that when it was still fairly new, not only was it not free and then ad-supported, but they used completely different shortcuts to everyone else, '1' and '2' for backwards and forwards iirc, rather than alt-left and alt-right.

many users will have tried it back then, dismissed it as 'ridiculous' for expecting them to conform to a different ui, and now look on at modern opera with that negative experience in mind.
&gt; at $11.99 per gig and for $89 you can buy a terabyte drive.

first of all, learn basic math.

&gt; is it really that big of a deal anymore?

and it *is* a big deal, not all systems allow you to install terabytes of ram (actually few do), and not everyone enjoys carrying around a huge brck just so they can browse the web.

ram that a stupid web browser is using can't be used for much more justifiable tasks like actually getting real work done.

plus as friefox's memory usage grows over time, it becomes more and more of a drunken slug to the poing that it takes a few seconds to open a new blank tab even on a 2ghz, dual core box with 2gb of ram.
honest question, does opera have something similar to noscript?

(and no, being able to enable and disable all scripts in a page is not good enough.)
bring up the panel selector buttons (top left button on tab bar), then right-click on the panel button row, and select 'window'. voila! tree-style tabs. use ctrl-n to bring up new windows. drag tabs from window to window if required.
i do want to leave you with one last note:

you never claimed you would "debate" with anyone (whereas wikipedia advertises itself as "anyone can edit").  additionally, you refused only to stop talking to me, instead of making sweeping generalizations to stop talking to anyone with 11 in their username (whereas wikipedia banned all edits from everyone at the ip).

so i do want to commend you for staying above the wikipedia level, at least, and to illustrate the complaints i had and how your actions still differ (even though my other replies still stand, if you'd like to address them).
bob.
wtf are you supposed to contribute?

i am currently... taking a dump.

i am currently... watching tv.

i mean wtf!
to get windows, you need to buy a low-cost small notebook?  gee, that sounds very underpowered.

i think i'll get a netbook that this company called 'linux' is selling...
&gt; i have a vision

you need to see your doctor, soon.
blockit:
http://my.opera.com/community/forums/topic.dml?id=241208
i never used it, but according to author, it has a functionality of noscript.
yeah i know, i was just commenting that this one had a black background when the pc version doesn't, something the user should be able to choose already
why is this in the tech section? just because the site url has tech within, doesn't mean it belongs here. and frankly, the article was rather weak. i've seen more compelling ones on the area51 subreddit. 
what about the median number of lifetime "i don't give a fuck if what shitty cereal that person is eating, or if they are at the gym," thoughts that i have every time i hear about twitter? go live your own life, for fucks sake!
how does this compare to reprap?
and even more likely, a billionaire unless it is a really large office.
"baratone -- the balls behind the new web"
yeah, bring back livesearch!  /sarcasm
yeah, everything should be free. always. and a programmer be damned if he doesn't work for free (even if he is the best in the business)
never done both? at the same time? probably too hard to explain in 140 chars or less.
or they're users like me... who follow a few entities, but don't "tweet".

doesn't reading count as use?
if opera had an extensions system i would consider switching. for those of you that say opera has all the needed extension already built in don't make me laugh. its ok if you're a casual user but i need more in a browser and firefox allows me to customize every part of my web experience. even on reddit i have a grease monkey script that filters all the israel headlines.

until then i don't care how optimized/fast opera is they need to change their stance on extensions.
ok, over 90% of markets ;)

i think opera's problem compared to firefox is that, while it does have a longer "feature checklist" the user experience is not as smooth as firefox's.  many geeks (which, let's admit, pretty much all of us are) make the same mistake when dismissing the iphone.  the mere fact that one product has more features or specific features first does not objectively make that product better.
yes, it's an old machine that i had given and i keep it for testing and splatting and dodgy internet activities. so it's useful in some regards that it is underpowered.

and you are right about the price of ram
i love opera - i wish however they'd give you customisation over the actual file, edit, view toolbar, i think chrome does a much better job in making space.
the new default skin is rather better and less clunky than the previous ones.
if you don't give a fuck, stop wasting your life complaining about it.

as it stands, i don't give a shit about any of that either, but i *do* like getting twitter alerts from some major news and governmental institutions.
for the record "wtf are you supposed to contribute? i am currently... taking a dump. i am currently... watching tv. i mean wtf!" would have fit in twitters 144 character limit, but i guess if you have nothing to add, it does not matter what the medium is.
i thought the headline read oprah 10 beta is out. which struck fear in my heart--she's just getting stronger.
exactly my point.
but complaining about shit anonymously is what the internet is all about. that and porn.
so catchy microsoft. almost as catchy as naming your next operating system after a number.
how many browsers should one computer have?

on one machine i have:

firefox 3 (primary browser)
internet explorer 8
google chrome
safari 4

i guess adding opera 10 won't hurt.  what do people use their secondary and tertiary browsers for anyway?

i'm not a web programmer so i can't test things out...
maybe twitter needs a leech ratio?
well, it's nothing to tweet over.
sharing links, restaurant recommendations, open questions, news about your gigs/business etc.
what problem does this solve for the user? you're asking them (presumably) to use a special client, set aside a significant portion of their memory, and use most of their upstream bandwidth as overhead to watch youtube-quality videos. why wouldn't they just use youtube?
[i know, the last time they named it with a version number it never caught on.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/windows_3.1)
of course, statistically speaking, you are more likely to be a millionaire if you are hanging out with millionaires.
the reason why i never used opera for a long time is because of it's design, which i can never get used to.

tab closing order is odd, and can never mimic firefox 100%
tabs above navigation, makes the page seem fragmented and cluttered. possible to fix but too much trouble.
lack of go button, (same as firefox now).
the fast forward/backward buttons are stupid.
too much things, mail client, bittorrent (no thnx).
fast dial, never liked it. 
lack of adblock, which can be done but it's too cumbersome. default system is not great.

anyways this is just my experience, some people love it. i do agree that it is a bit faster then firefox.
&gt; istanbul was constantinople

&gt; now it's istanbul, not constantinople

&gt; been a long time gone, constantinople

&gt; why did constantinople get the works

&gt; that's nobody's business but the turks

-jimmy kennedy (1953)

i know the poster above seems to think it's wrong to charge, but morality aside, you can't argue with the logic; a free, slightly inferior product will most likely beat a slightly superior one that costs money, or has advertising.
you are confusing [median](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median) with [mean](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mean).

edit: or i might need to pay closer attention to the comment thread.
well it could potentially provide unlimited access to all video ever digitized, for free. 

not just 10 minute clips on youtube, but full length movies, tv shows, etc, on demand, from any internet connection capable of 400kbit up, for free. if it were decentralized, it would also be nearly impossible to remove content from it, which happens often on a site like youtube.

these are things you cannot currently do.
because twitter is a miserable service that's popular because of an inexplicable media frenzy?

listen; it's a broadcast im. there's no reason it has to be as shitty as it is. the fact that twitter still asks you what you're doing indicates that the twitter team has *no idea* what their product ***does***. perhaps it's not being used as they intended it to be used, but then the product has to evolve to better support the feature base that people actually want.

this result surpises me not at all.
that's not clear at all.  the mode could very well be 0.

imagine this simplified distribution:
{0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 3, 5, 100, 1,000, 1,000,000,000}

the median is 1, the mean is very over 10 million, and the mode is 0.
i would put it as this: i know that no one gives a shit about the immediate details of my daily life. that's the difference between me and twits (or whatever they call them).
does anyone know where a person can pick up a static version for linux?
http://my.opera.com/tamil/blog/toggle-remove-menu-bar?cid=7714398&amp;startidx=50#comment7714398

that should help you!
there's at least 22 people using it.
yet in other news, when the government benefits, everyone benefits from not paying hundreds of billions worth of tarp and automaker payouts for the next 10 generations
i have a powerbook g4 and opera's adding another 5 years to its life the way it's going... it's as fast here than on an intel mac mini.
well, that settles it. my netbook won't run 7.
milfs, a file system to make stds cream?

you know, users like me are probably why people think reddit is going down hill. one liner "witty" title riffs, rather than intelligent posts regarding the content of the linked article. 

sorry, *cough*, it seemed apropos at the time. 

which way does the causation go?
just as long as you are talking about some bullshit on the internet you're 'contributing to something' right?

people must have a lot of free time to contribute to pointless bullshit these days.  i would rather not waste my time "tweeting".

i wonder what the median number of posts is per reddit user?
am i the only one who can't get it to work on a mac powerpc g4? i run os x tiger and download the none-intel version. it just crashes before it opens.

buhu i would love a quicker browser for my old powerbook.
okay, we get it, checkpoints are great for undeleting. but what are the other supposedly many uses?

* revision control? nah, no commit messages, branches, sharing btw users
* creating backups? huh? why not create backups from the current state?
* else?

while solid safety net may be reassuring, that does not mean that is anything beside that.
&gt;this implies that twitter’s resembles more of a one-way, one-to-many publishing service more than a two-way, peer-to-peer communication network.

they needed a "facinating study" to figure this out?
well, i thought it was a good low-fi version of a hardcore industrial 3d printer. the quality was there, and the backend was open source. plus, it comes out of the box ready to use.

i guess the best way to settle this answer is to have a reprap make a makerbox, and a makerbox make a reprap.

a thunderdome of 3d printers if you will. i plan on getting one in a few weeks. i will let you know how the real world production goes.


that's the difference between others and makerbot, the makerbox is pre-assembled.
it just crashed after opening a youtube video within the reddit front page and then closing it again :(
well if someone on the block gets one, they can just print out others for everyone else.
makerbot sells kits for reprap electronics and other components.

http://reprap.org/bin/view/main/partssupplies

seems makerbot is a flavor of reprap.

the more you know...
okay, so uhm .. http://tinychat.com/reddit
damn, i am bringing the median down.
hmm... does it really need to be flash-based?
the point was you thought that a perfectly valuable thing to contribute here when it is an example of the type of "pointless bullshit" you accuse twitter of. twitter is made up worthwhile and banal comments, just like reddit.
[link to actual article](http://www.maximumpc.com/article/features/dawn_personal_computer_altair_ibm_pc?page=0,0)
imo, +1 for effort
well... the $2,500 model is preassembled. the $750 is just the parts and an instruction list.
i've made a twitter account in the past. i wanted to sent cellphone messages to someone i met on the internet without handing out my cellphone number to this "internet friend". so we both created a twitter account and used the direct message sms feature thingy it has. that's about the most useful feature twitter has in my opinion.
yes, but it mentions this is more a one-many publishing platform and not a social network as much.
i've said it before and now i'll say it again, twitter is for twits.
there's probably a significant proportion of reddit users that don't submit links. people might just be on twitter to read other twats. it's similar to people listening to call-in radio shows without ever calling in.
tell me what extension you need and i will tell you how to build it for opera.

&gt; even on reddit i have a grease monkey script that filters all the israel headlines

maybe i can adapt that script to make it work on opera, where can i donwload it?

opera can be veeery extensible, without the bloating that firefox extensions create
nannies?? no wait, nevermind.
that's a good point. in your honour, make that "fuck everyone except you".  i still think it pretty shitty if penalising civility is a reddit trend.
strange because wii does.  although in the article they leave out wii but include 360, which no way in hell ms is ever going to put flash on 360 or facilitate their rival google.
oh man! i hate being behind the curve!
&gt;the fact that twitter still asks you what you're doing indicates that the twitter team has no idea what their product does.

lol no
maybe a bunch of people are only following other people's tweets?

i agree that it's pretty useless of course, but it's still pretty god damned popular.
tab closing order goes back to the one you had open last.  &gt;_&gt;  anyway, you're entitled to your opinion, regardless of how much i disagree.  have an upvote.
and the fact that there are about 5 million spam bot accounts. 
even when using median, my twitter account is below average.
i assumed that was the case-- but it could do that *better*. if that's what the medium is being used for, figure out how to make it better at that!
30px? holy smokes, could i get a screenshot of that? :)
but also useful bots, (including the '[reddit](http://twitter.com/reddit)' user - no sure if that is official or not).  it isn't a catch all, i probably have @200 tweets out there, 95% of which are pretty useless.
"the internet is a communication tool used the world over where people can come together to bitch about movies and share pornography with one another."
nilfs don't seems to be trying to similar features that zfs already offers. 

these are filesystems, not version control systems, but they have their uses:

point with snapshots is that they are atomic, you can create them instantly and they consume almost no space (copy on write). creating a full backup of a filesystem takes time, and in the time it takes to back it up, live data will be constantly changing, resulting in a backup that does not represent a single coherent state of the system. with snapshots, you can create a snapshot and back up the snapshot rather than the live filesystem, safe in the knowledge that you're capturing a single, consistent state of the filesystem.

you can also create clones. clone is writable snapshot. 


i would love to eventually bring some of my 3d character models to life via 3d printing.

but i simply am not in a position to fork out even a small investment just to have trouble with finding proper materials or dealing with print inaccuracies.

even still i am glad to see that this is becoming more frequent, if only these printers could get some serious backing from larger companies just to accelerate the rate at which the tech is developed and refined.
&lt;yawn&gt; call me when we get to yottapixels
i've been a firefox fan for many years. i'm using opera 10b right now and i must say, i like it... a lot.

it's really fast, very smooth and responsive. 

it's sort of as if firefox is my souped-up sports car and opera is a mercedes, not as flashy, but it works well and the seats are comfy. 

i may stay here for a while. 

oh, and on my (old) linux laptop, youtube and other vid sites are better in opera too. anyone else finding this to be true? 
the user experience is not as smooth with opera as with firefox? have you even tried opera? it feels finished and polished whereas firefox feels hacked together.
if you think firefox has useless features, you should see this browser called opera.
i prefer opera's tab closing order and wish firefox were capable of emulating it. it just makes sense to go through the tab history. fast forward / fast backward is a great feature. for example, when you're googling away at something and go deep through a blog, then decide you want to go back to the last site you were at, or the one before that, all you have to do is hit fast backwards.
i disagree. i think a lot of people put a lot of weight into the fact that a program costs money. example - ubuntu vs windows. 
is it really?? i thought wine was something you drink
is it possible they send a tweet, then everyone they follow happens to be pitching making money online which turns them off. 
i always figured about 10% of the population were total attention whores and it's true on twitter as well.
probably. i'm sure it saves them a ton of hassle, since it works in just about every browser exactly one way.
ok, let me first state that i run both ubuntu and windows. 

the reason more people use windows is not because windows costs money. the reason is that even in its current state, windows is easier to use than ubuntu for the lay person. it has better (and more importantly, broader) driver support and everyone grew up using it. one day linux will equal windows in usability, but that day has not yet come. 
and then they examine their wallets.
well i'm convinced.
whatever you want.  there's probably an audience of people fascinated with the dumps of pbs viewers.


i just set up a twitter the other day, and found myself saying, "ok, i don't give a crap what celebrities do, and i don't like talking about myself.  so wtf now?"
&gt; '1' and '2' for backwards and forwards iirc, rather than alt-left and alt-right.

'1' and '2' were used to switch to the previous/next tab.  history navigation was on 'z' and 'x'. you can still enable these shortcuts by going to preferences-&gt;advanced-&gt;shortcuts, and check "enable single-key shortcuts". you may also reach this setting from opera:config, check the mark in `opera:config#userprefs|enableextendedkeyboardshortcuts`
that was my only tweet! lol
so they lied to all of ny tech meetup?

god i hate that. i really, really do.

i wish they would send the developers instead of marketing/sales/bullshitters to these things.
airbuses are the fords of the sky, from what i hear. but lightning and turbulence doesn't add up.
both ways
the causation only goes one way, but real life dictates that bill gates has better things to do than hang out with *peons*.
why do we call everyone who registered a user? why do we call people who haven't used the service even _once_, despite signing up, a user? shouldn't "twitter users" be defined as people who, you know, use twitter?
i think people will pay to crap on their least favorite shows.


*cynwrig rushes off to patent television-toilet.*
that is a useless statistic. who cares what the median is, it's probably due to a bunch of people who saw it on cnn or whatever and signed up but didn't know what to do with it, plus people who only read others but don't post. it doesn't mean that there aren't lots of people actively using it a lot, which trust me, there are.

i'm starting to see zed shaw's point about people throwing around statistics without thinking.
i wasn't aware there were any users with over 10 million posts. i must be reading you wrong, but is this what you're suggesting?  

edit: i figured it out. thanks for the downvotes.
the character limit is 140.

and now i want to cry.
twitter apologist! attack!!! attack!!!
wrong, in fact, sometimes it's right there..
well i guess it's registered accounts rather than users then. the two are interchanged too frequently for most people to notice.
i'm sure saying that makes you feel very clever.
something to consider:  

the median (and mode) number of goals scored by nhl players is also one.

i'm sure this is some sort of statistical theory to describe this effect, but i really have no idea what it's called.
i'm so goddamn tired of hearing about twitter. no one gives a shit about it except for the media; as can be seen in [this](http://www.google.com/trends?q=facebook%2c+myspace%2c+twitter&amp;ctab=0&amp;geo=all&amp;date=all&amp;sort=0) google trends chart.
nice resource
statistically speaking: one of two people enjoy rape.
twitter is for tweets, duh!
edited previous comment. i meant height. also found firefox guides to make it just as minimalist. 

now, if opera could get rid of the windows titlebar... 
wouldn't you round down? i'm sure there are more male users than female, by a large percentage.
for most people, after they use it once, they realize how stupid it is.  i feel thankful and blessed i figured that out before i ever used it, but i do have sympathy for those who have used it.
i was a full-fledged twitter-hater for a while until i reluctantly decided to give it a try. i will probably be voted down (or ignored) for extolling its virtues, but here are my *main* reasons for using twitter:

* it's basically a selective mashup rss feed. i get the kind of news i want from a multitude of sources. world news, obscure news, gaming news - it's all streamed quickly and succinctly.

* it's more fun (and tweakable) than facebook status updates. i get to see what a few friends/people whose thoughts i generally care about and am interested in are thinking at any given time.

* it's a fun, easy way to keep something akin to a micro-journal. i don't keep a diary; nor do i keep any kind of journal. twitter, at the very least, gives me a tool by which i could chronicle my mundane goings-on for posterity (ok, just for myself). it's less intense than email, easy to use with the iphone (you can snap a photo, upload, and - god help me - "tweet" about it in no time at all). 

that's all i got. 
short version:  a lot of sizzle... not so much steak.

it's essentially the same-ish mechanism, smaller table.  

both have the same inherent resolution issues from the plastics extruder, and would have trouble making anything you'd actually use.  which is why you don't seen output from these projects exhaustively documented.

it's a wonderful idea, but the output isn't quite there yet (imho)



scary.
i'd bet my life it's 0.
be quiet - do your share of keeping the mean/median down.
not that i'm trying to defend twitter, but that's how i use it.  i have an account just so i can follow others.  i have no interest in twittering myself.
it seems to me that basic english skills are not a prerequisite for interest in lock picking....
and in us there's self-perpetuating problem of having &lt;1% market share (in some countries opera has broken that barrier jumped even as high as [38%](http://my.opera.com/dstorey/blog/2009/03/16/a-look-at-desktop-market-share-cis-edition)).
i've seen this service before, and unless my memory is completely wrong, i believe it used to be ajax-based. sad that they changed it.
i would use it if they supported extensions. 

i've gotten way too used to my firefox extensions, from important extensions (to me) like greasemonkey, adblock plus, and socialite to somewhat frivolous extensions like cooliris, 1-click weather, and gmail notifier. i would be lost and sad without them.

the way they implement widgets is pretty weak in my experience, and i like to scroll wheel through tabs, and their gestures do not allow that (to my knowledge) like all-in-one gestures does. 

in addition, i don't know where they hide the subscribe to rss feature (and if they have it can i easy add to google reader?) and i can't figure out how to disable it from opening torrent files on its own.

overall i kind of see opera the way i see mac. if you want a product that works really well and has cool features right out of the box, this is your best bet. if you want something that's more simple initially but you can configure the hell out of it, you may want to look elsewhere.
i am happy to say, i have no idea what that headline means.
downmodded for being statistically incorrect.

rapists tend to be serial criminals, so you'll have more victims than perpetrators overall. thus, the correct percentage is under 50%.

plus, it's not "one of two" either.
http://my.opera.com/dstorey/blog/2009/03/16/a-look-at-desktop-market-share-cis-edition

&gt;  according to statcounter, opera has almost 38% market share in russia

depends where you look and who you ask.
seconded - does anybody have numbers on this?
yeah, i've been using this for a while, works great. i also recommend it.
make a couple of tweets about being behind the curve, and voila!!! you're ahead.
&gt;doesn't reading count as use?

they're not counting use, they're counting tweets.
it's a good way to get instant updates, even if it is being used outside of its original intent

example 1: following musicians, celebrities, local bars/restaurants, etc, to get up-to-the-minute info on current projects or specials going on. this way you dont have to seek out that information. you just follow them, and then that information comes to you.

example 2: i follow new orleans news and weather twitter accounts, and get instant updates if there's severe weather heading my way, for example: a tornado watch, because i might not be watching tv or listening to local radio during the day to get this info, but i *will* have my iphone with me.

example 3: i follow lots of sports sites, athletes and agents to get instant news from the sports world. also, shaq loves meeting twitter users, and will often post contests on twitter and the first person to find him in whatever city he is in will get two free tickets to that night's game.

example 4: marketing. naked pizza in new orleans started offering specials just for twitter users, and even replaced their company sign with a huge twitter billboard and their twitter user name. now they are partnering with mark cuban to go into franchise mode, all because they successfully used twitter to market their business (which has excellent pizza, btw). also, think about it this way: shaq has hundreds of thousands of followers. he gets to interact directly with fans, and because of this, if he ever wants to sell anything he can *freely and instantly* reach almost a million people in his target audience. you cant buy that kind of advertising power on tv. and yet shaq gets it for free.

you can follow all sorts of different people for all sorts of different reasons. (i like to follow a few local bars and breweries to keep track of specials theyre running on certain nights)

get some derivative technology, an idiotic name, and a neato graphic and you too can end up mystifying oprah.
opera has userjs built-in, which can run greasemonkey scripts _and_ has more powerful api (e.g. can run while page is being parsed, while gm is run when html has finished loading).
damn, the error is such that i can't even make an interesting pun out of ultimeat.
actually, there are [40 million](http://my.opera.com/haavard/blog/2009/04/30/accelerating-desktop-growth) and they all think you're a dick.
so despite the headline, it has nothing to do with tinyurl, right?
i think it's funny how desperate these "studies" are getting from people who don't like twitter (note: i dislike twitter and think it's useless, but not to an extreme like these people).

first, they release the "study" that says 6 in 10 users don't return the next month after registering. what they didn't point out is that twitter apparently has an unheard of 40% retention rate, meaning it's very popular.

like i said, i dislike twitter, but there's no denying it's popular right now.
and it says: "trying twitter."
if the competition is free and most of the users in the market are incapable of determining much difference between your offering and the competitors', then you should probably not charge for your software.

or, at the very least, you shouldn't be too surprised when you have a tiny customer base of powerusers.
hardly anyone "pays" for windows.  they pay for a computer, and it comes with windows.  of course, they pay for the windows license, but few people perceive the difference.
the worst is when someone starts talking about twitter now.  before i had to sit and listen about friendster, then myspace, then facebook and now twitter.  a friend of mines girlfriend tries to explain twitter to me every time, and tells me how awesome it is and how she can see what celebrities are doing.  ahh, it's mind numbing.
i always thought [this](http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2008/4/23/) pretty much summed up twitter.
these are some excellent points, that is amazing that naked pizza is getting the ability to expand thanks to a seemingly useless application. twitter is indebted to shaq because he is a huge supporter of the service.

follow the right people, companies, brands, and so forth and you can get information you want in real time from sources you want to hear it from. plus the exclusive offers and direct contact with fans/users doesn't hurt either.


great points, especially with shaq.
and to slander strangers anonymously.  jay and silent bob suck balls.
it's really "what's this all about?" or "i don't get it" type posts.

[goku100396](http://twitter.com/goku100396) asks "what's the point of twitter?."

[anisomorpha](http://twitter.com/anisomorpha) writes "60 percent of new tweeters abandon twitter.com after a month. no shit. what's the point? this shit's lame."

[ronikasethi](http://twitter.com/ronikasethi), a fan of the jonas bros, asks "ok honestly... wtf is this?"
sure, i think it has a legitimate role. any form of communication does! however, i think it's a terrible execution of that idea.

let's be frank. social networking sites, on the whole, are great ideas with awful interfaces. facebook is the most cluttered interface i've ever seen. twitter is spartan and lacks features for what it's being used for. myspace is fine in itself, but allows the creation of horrible abortions of page design.

redditors aren't opposed to social networking; we lurk on a social news site and the commentary on the site is actually quite robust. i think the big issue most of the reddit user base has is that in general, social networking sites kind of suck on the usability front. for a (generally speaking) more technically literate crowd, that's a deal-breaker.
i was going to say the same thing. since people hate twitter so much on these other social media sites they never stop to think how many people register for something that's hyped and never get around to doing anything on it.

is twitter a great tool? no, but it's still a handy way to keep updated on the lives of my friends who have more interesting stuff to say than "omg, i had pancakes for breakfast" without being forced to use facebook.
and that's the point: it's broadcast im, but it's a poor implementation. that's my problem with twitter.
i like how most people use twitter for inane posts, but the most popular people on twitter don't even use twitter properly. too often they have to write 4-5 "tweets" to get out what they want to say. this post alone is more than 140 characters and it almost says nothing.
&gt; a thunderdome of 3d printers if you will.

two printers enter! four printers leave!
god i hate twitter.
this does not appear to work....at least not in 10.  i don't see anything thats says "window".

edit

nevermind, it's in the settings under the panels tab.  but it looks flippin' huge.  hmmm....i'll play with it.
if it was developed by ousterhout, it merits a look. he's a conscientious genius. 

edit: oh i see, he came up with the idea for the log structured file system. ntt, on the other hand, created nilfs.
what's the difference between twitter and irc? 
is this similar to the fact that because there is an infinite number of possible planets and a finite amount of people that every planet can be considered uninhabited and thus be ok for destruction by vogons. 
i think the study may have defined "twitter user" a little too loosely.
i think this is common, where the top 2-10% of a community is responsible for 90% of the contributions. this is the case for wikipedia and myspace/facebook etc. clay shirkey pointed it out pretty extensively in one of his books.
i hadn't tried opera out in a while because i thought they still charged for it. now that i am on it, its incredibly snappy and quick. i didn't use a ton of addons other than adblock, so i am not really missing much. just need to find a nicer theme and i am sold. 
so pretty much the eastern bloc?
the simplification of it, providing easy access to it on mobile phones, is it what makes it more appealing than rss feeds for simple, quick-hit info like "severe weather, tornado spotted 20mi se of omaha" or "awesome band at avenue pub tonight- plus $2 beers!"

its an easy and simple way to broadcast *and* receive short bursts of info. the usefulness of that info is up to the users.

so if all you've seen of twitter is someone saying "i took a dump!" then i can see why some people wouldnt get it.
you can add audio/video, which is only available with flash, that must be why.
but currently its the only one. so until something better comes along, it's going to be popular.

someone needs to make the facebook to twitter's myspace.
not to devalue your comment but
&gt;it's more fun (and tweakable) than facebook status updates. i get to see what a few friends/people whose thoughts i generally care about and am interested in are thinking at any given time.

you can do that on facebook(or at least you could.  after the last update i can't find the option anymore) to modify how often what from which friends shows up on your feed.
so about half of all twitters are 0.
ok, here's a non-scientific test between ff and opera:

**nothing open:**

firefox: 18 mb

opera:  13 mb

**one website**

firefox: 31 mb

opera: 23 mb

**10 tabs**

firefox: 74 mb

opera: 86 mb

edit

this is with all of my add-ons disabled.  then i turned them back on, ff was at 89 mb with the same 10 tabs.
i wonder if this accounts for spam and bot tweets.
not without considerable effort, especially since facebook moved to its new format. as it stands, facebook offers an "opt-out" style (as in you can choose to "see less" about certain people); with twitter, you *actively choose* who to follow (opt-in). i don't care what 100 of my old high school friends are thinking/doing, and it's irritating to each time have to say "tell me less about earl" or whatever. and even after i do that, it seems like facebook occasionally throws people *back* into my feed, as if to ask "are you sure you really, *really* don't want to know about this person? really??"

edit: and facebook gives much more (at least by default) than a status update stream. crap like "norma installed how many balls do *you* have? [game]" often appears in the stream.
they could use flash for the audio/video, and ajax for everything else. that's what meebo and (i think) gmail's chat feature do.
yeah, he was definitely the first person to come up with saying that.
oh good another article about twitter, gotta get in there and post about how stupid it is and how little i care about it
i've used miro.  does webtv via hulu and other apps, and also is a torrent client.
this could be a fun exercise - it's almost certainly 0 or 1 though, since 0 has at least 25% of the population, and could go all the way up to 49% (since 1 is at 50%). of course, 1 could also account from the 26th percentile to the 74th, so i guess we can't know based on their data on that site.
so most people are sheep?  sounds about right.
thing killed my opera bookmarks and notes--beware
can't be. can't have negative number posts. my karma has been stuck at 1631 for a while now because most of the stuff i would post is already posted. i hate repeat submissions. (have been known to do it in the past myself though)
it's nothing but verbal cam-whorery
tl;dr
if you sort your friends into lists, you can then customize what each list sees and prioritize your news feed so that only people you want to appear show up.  now, when accepting a friend request, you are given an option to choose which list they go on, so even though it's sort of a pain to set up, it's easy to maintain.  i have all but eliminated having to look at nutty semi-acquaintances from years gone by and get a good list of people i actually care about.  as much as i hate the new interface, the sorting feature works pretty well.
i think it would be safe to replace the article and headline with the following sentence: microsoft doesn't own the trademark on the term netbook.
sure you don't.  
protip: use the %appdata% folder alias thing to get a windows version agnostic path to the application data folder.
&gt; w/o live updating of list.

that's pretty much the main reason to use adblock, in my opinion. why block ads manually one by one?
if we talk about bill gates do we get millionare swagger pints too?
&gt; wish firefox were capable of emulating it.

if you're talking about returning to the last open tab, i agree, and i've been doing that with tab mix plus in firefox for ages. for me, the extensions of firefox are the killer feature which no other browser can compete with. chrome and opera have their uses on my machine, but for general browsing firefox tends to be my #1 browser.
does this allow read-only access to older versions of files, a la old school versioning fs?

i was just thinking how this would be helpful with, for example, torrents that i'm seeding (which can't change) having newer versions with corrected metadata or whatever for use in my collection, without the redundancy.
a programmer should get paid in other ways, like black market commodities that they can in turn sell and barter for more drugs and hookers. free-use software profitability solved.
the article i've quoted was specifically about cis countries (which is their strongest market indeed), but opera has significant market share in other parts of the world too (e.g. scandinavia, few european countries).

us market share is exceptionally low for opera, and although us market large and important, "0.72%" doesn't accurately paint the picture.
i guess it's popular enough to clog the tubes.  not one of the wikileaks sites is able to deliver.
http://tinychat.com/reddit
i always thought of that question as an indictment of the user:

 "what [in god's name] are you *doing*?"
wow..

* [american vice presidents](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=american+vice+presidents#)

* [african tribes](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=african+tribes)

* [philadelphia universities](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=philadelphia+universities#)

* [programming languages](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=programming+languages#)
unfortunately many greasemonkey scripts are not compatible with opera. not the fault of opera, but still.
[here](http://my.opera.com/community/customize/skins/?perscreen=60) you go. and [here's](http://my.opera.com/tamil/blog/ad-block) some adblock info.
it can be.  the median will be 0 if more than half of all reddit "users" have never posted.

the median of [0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 5, 1631] is 0.
apple, if you better not do anything to fuck up the release of the pre. fuck you apple, if you do. 
nigligible

6 months later? how did i get here? 
i'm the entire it department for a company that has several sites.  rather than have people pester me non-stop about where i am so i can teach them how to use their mouse, i set up a twitter feed with a badge that i display on the company intranet site letting people know (roughly) where i am.  works great, i can update by web, email, or phone, and people have stopped pestering me.

i created a "real" account to mess around with and may have used it twice, so yeah, the extra features are pretty handy, but i'm not the type to blather on about my day to day crap.

it serves a purpose, so i'll use it in that capacity.
interesting.. i had to stop following some people because they never stopped twittering, it got mundane and very annoying.
instead of picking everyone else's lock, why doesn't he make one that even he can't break?
you sir, helped restore my faith in reddit.
most people read twitter and because they don't have any followers they have little to say.

facebook is a much different story.
exactly. bill gates walking into your workplace won't even budge the median wealth. that's the *point* of the median.
what do you have against earl?
link to [print version](http://www.maximumpc.com/print/6478), showing them all on one page even.
among twitter accounts, you mean.

there is a fairly large number of spam-users that only tweet once with the url to their site, and then just follow everyone like crazy in hopes that they'll check out the new user following them and click the link.

it's definitely something twitter needs to address better.
i like to use it for favrd, those jokes in 140 are an artform in itself. mini haiku's. there should be an award for some of those, other than a brazillion stars that is.
i thought you were going to talk about bongo's and physics for a minute
can't you just subscribe to the rss feeds?
damn, wolphram alpha just got f'd in the a
what is it missing? what would make it better?
which skullcandy's do you have? i had the old full metal jackets and they did this, but they broke and skullcandy replaced them free (plus $35 to overnight them overseas), and the new generation doesn't rumble very much. still, i think all in-ear headphones have this problem to some extent (someone correct me if i'm wrong).
modern implementation of a log-structured file system version 2
hardly surprising for moi aussi. i had an account on twitter for an year but had never posted an twit(?). i logged in to post my first twit just to be within the median group.
is it just me or does the quality of the final products these things put look kind of... craptacular?
it's good!

* [lost episodes](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=lost+episodes)
* [tomb raider games](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=tomb+raider+games#)
* [futurama characters](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=futurama+characters)

that's why i'm an english teacher, not a math teacher. i was thinking "mean". 
nilfs snapshots are even better than cow, because there's no re-read and rewrite, ever. simply allocate new blocks... 
wake up sheeple!!!!!!!1
didn't this used to be called google sets?


also:

http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=verbs
sorry but i like quiet drives
don't forget plurk.

and pownce was around for awhile before folding.
how is it a poor implementation? it's frickin' text messages! i'm surprised they made it as usable as they did.

besides, twitter is just the el-basico platform. almost everybody i know uses something else besides the web interface to interact with twitter. there are [hundreds upon hundreds of tools and extensions](http://mashable.com/2008/05/24/14-more-twitter-tools/) to twitter -- many of them solve huge gaps in the existing interface/feature set. twitter's strength lies in the api and its extensibility.
that was fucking great :-)
is this dataset based, algorithm-based, or wiki-based? because it kinda looks like the latter, which i'm honestly not too keen on.

press release, anyone?
&gt;facebook is the most cluttered interface i've ever seen.

you've clearly never been to myspace. ugh. i can never even figure out how to update my profile.

i think facebook's interface is reasonably clean. i'm not a fan of the new redesign, but it's not so confusing that people can't use it; clearly hundreds of millions do.
twitter is not about "microblogging" or about saying what you're doing. twitter is like irc, with benefits (message length limit, message history).
better yet, why did you feed the need to post that response?
&gt; while security experts debate the potential impact of the publishing mistake, it serves as yet another opportunity to break out the cliches: the genie is out of the bottle. the cat's out of the bag. **you can't stop the signal.** pandora's box and all that.
hehehe.

boobs.
anyone know how/if the "share desktop" feature works?
&gt; it has better (and more importantly, broader) driver support and everyone grew up using it.  

i dunno, the most recent versions of ubuntu install everything i need right off the bat, which is pretty nice. on the other hand, the "grew up with it" factor is a good point. on another hand, i feel that my poor choice of example is bringing down my point.
for a lot of things, yes.
but tony hawk doesn't have an rss feed of what he's doing. neither has al yankovic, or many other interesting people. 
sure, it's debatable how relevant this personal info is, but very often it is interesting and entertaining.
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=us%20presidents&amp;suggest=1

i didn't know washington's real name was george carver!
it should interface with im/xmpp... like http://identi.ca/ does.
since when is 7^2 = "windows" ?
it installs in a separate folder (named opera 10 build), your bookmarks and notes should be safe under the old opera install's folder. and if you have opera sync you can get your bookmarks added right away.
that's the point the guy was making: people think of twitter as p2p, but it's turning into a one-to-many platform, instead.
that was similar, but was basically the first column of a square - this seems to apply more meta-data heuristically.
looks like if you're a blackie you're a [taurus](http://imgur.com/irb3p.png)
http://www.google.com/squared/table/agyqhw3c-a4l9fwa92ratyqg

this is really cool.
i actually described it as an rss feed written by your friends, yesterday...

except that the median is not the average.
greasemonkey is built in, you can simply block ads using downloadable filters,  blah blah blah...

scrolling through tabs is acheived by holding down the right-click and scrolling with the wheel. easy-peasy.

"subscribe to rss" is as simple as clicking the rss icon in the address bar. you can drag a applet to any spot in the opera interface to automatically add a feed to google reader (i use this because opera's rss reader is awful).

to disable the built-in torrent downloads, you can do this: 

1. preferences... &gt; advanced &gt; downloads
2. uncheck "hide filetypes opened by opera" 
3. type "torrent" into the quickfind box 
4. click the torrent entry, hit edit, and either associate it with your torrent program or prompt to show the download dialogue.

not that i think you'll switch or anything, but still...

by that statement, i take it that you mean that the causation goes "hang out with millionaires -&gt; become millionaire". is it not obvious, though, that "become millionaire -&gt; get millionaire friends" is more probable?
they do recommend backing up your user preferences.
how is a message length limit a benefit? are there irc clients that don't have logging?
[here](http://www.opera.com/browser/download/?custom=yes)
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=worst+us+presidents

all hail president rick perry!
for anyone complaining about opera's lack of something-or-other in the ui: [operawiki.info/custombuttons](http://operawiki.info/custombuttons)
good? it's messy. and, most of all, it's *unreliable.* some of the information's all wrong.

i've been staring at it for some time now and i can't figure out what it could be good for. you can get a list of us presidents on wikipedia, just as fast and 99% likely error-free. same goes for all the other examples here.
[cannot build a square of squares](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=squares)
god bless these scientists - it is going to be a ray of hope for people like me, and many others!

hurray...finally, hurray!
i know it's just a small feature (and it won't convert you to opera), but there is a go button. it's just not there by default. right click the toolbar select customize-&gt;buttons-&gt;browser - view-&gt;go drag it to the toolbar.

note: i had the translate the menu to english myself because my opera is in another language. so i might be a bit off with my description.
[german style board games](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=german-style+board+games) seems a bit off.
i have my laptop connected to my living room lcd. hulu is one of the reasons i told the cable tv company, adios. 
hehe...he... http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=%22sex+position%22
really bored at work..
i would like two hardware burritos and a soda with my 3d printer
got me at "running time".
heres the flaw in the article....

"newly purchased netbook (windows xp home)" 

vs 

"newer linux kernels"

yes a 8 year old operating system doesnt have as good as support lasts months version of ubuntu.

thats like comparing the old austin mini to the latest mini diesel, and saying well the new one is very fuel efficient, and comes with lots of new gadgets, whereas the old one doesnt

comparing it to windows 7 would give you very different results.

every driver bar one installed out of the box, or windows update on first run. i only had to download and install my tv tuner drivers, which i have to do the same in ubuntu.

i could go on but its not worth the effort
ah... been there, didn't have internet access.   i made spreadsheets instead.

what do you do?
i prefer opera over firefox cause:
-much faster startup speeds.
-has all the functionality i need out of the box.(speed dial, mouse gestures, content blocking, you can tear off a tab to open a new window like in chrome)
-if configured takes up much less screen space (mine takes less than chrome)
-you can add/remove any button from the ui
-trashcan: you can restore an accidently closed tab with its history (eg back button works).
i'd say that opera is better than firefox, except:
- if youre a web developer. firebug is the best.
- a few sites do not work with opera.
oh well i guess im an opera fanboy. edit: how the heck can you make a linebreak here? &lt;br&gt; does not work
sorting. you can add categories that it attempts to autopopulate, then you can sort by that category. wiki can't do that. 

edit: oh, you cant sort by the categories... 

edit2: oh you cant actually sort by anything, its just randomly jumbled up.

edit3: ok, i think i may have found its purpose. its for shopping. enter a product name and it will give you all the variations, then you can enter specifications you want to know about. although without a sort function it is very broken. 
i've read that it actually costs more to get a computer preinstalled with linux because of all the shitware that software companies pay the oems to preinstall on windows machines.
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=google  
  
employees: i'm afraid i can't let you do that dave
yes, but search for programming languages then find 'miranda' in the list. wtf?
[story at cnet](http://news.cnet.com/8301-17939_109-10256492-2.html)
windows users are square?
&gt;lost episodes

i was hoping for a list of "lost episodes" of various tv series, which would have been more impressive, though unrealistic to expect.
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=worst+companies

self-confidence issues, google?
nice! why don't you get off the internet now?
heh, mostly i make spreadsheets actually..
it also got s'd in the e
i love ubuntu.

but, if something doesn't work, then chances are that you have to either be, or become a linux expert to fix it. this goes double for installs.

one example that sticks out is x. if it breaks or if doesn't work during an install, you have to become an expert in x to fix it. 
windows doesn't have anything like that.
i think this is a pretty cool use: [tweets while playing a game](http://twitter.com/darius_spelunks).
trust google to rip off a good idea.

thankfully, wolfram still does a much better job.
its dropping off because if you live outside the us, like most of the world does, you can't do anything with hulu.  ip spoofing aside, which the average net user doesn't do.
you're being irrational.
thank you. yes, i saw that. as it happens, my version of linux (puppy linux) is not one of those which has a tested version premade for it. so i will have to get one of the others to work. it would be much easier to make it work if it was designed to install and run completely from the /opt folder (without the need for other pre-installed libraries), rather than scattering its component parts through /usr and /etc. usually opera does put out this "static" version for linux at some point. i suppose i'll just have to be patient.
nice: http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=porn+stars#
yet another reason reddit needs a "comment of the day" option.
ah, ok.

here's the [static i386 builds](ftp://ftp.opera.com/pub/opera/linux/1000b1/beta1/en/i386/static/) from their ftp server.
once you can sort by column this will be even cooler.
yeah.. but wikipedia is the hard work of some guys writting it down, while this thing is generated by some algorithms parsing raw data from billions of websites. by themselves.

why would you even expect them to match in quality..? 
it's an notable improvement in intelligent computation, so be a little amazed please.
story at 11
yes!  of course it is... however, you see this on other social sites too.  

research scale free networks and preferential attachment.

the vast majority of the users in any system are followers who contribute very little of the actual content. 

if you sort by contribution you will get a scale free distribution (power law).  very few of the users contribute the majority of the content.
&gt; how is a message length limit a benefit?

it means people have to focus to stay on topic and that the service will be used for important announcements, like "omfg the second tower was just hit!"

&gt; are there irc clients that don't have logging?

with twitter you can see all the logs from all the "channels".
i am disappointed that googleplex.com is not an alternate address of this site.
um .. what does it do ? i entered "moe larry curly shemp" and got a grid of stooge centric info. should i be happy ?
sorry blackie
does anyone know why the name column lags behind the rest of the table when you scroll?
beautiful! thank you!
zfs is not writing over old data either. writes happen to new blocks. 

&gt;zfs uses a copy-on-write transactional object model. all block pointers within the filesystem contain a 256-bit checksum (fletcher2, fletcher4, or sha-256)[11] of the target block which is verified when the block is read. blocks containing active data are never overwritten in place; instead, a new block is allocated, modified data is written to it, and then any metadata blocks referencing it are similarly read, reallocated, and written. to reduce the overhead of this process, multiple updates are grouped into transaction groups, and an intent log is used when synchronous write semantics are required.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zfs#copy-on-write_transactional_model
no, not really. 

you copy-paste a list once, and you're done for a year. at least, that's how i use it.



but rss has been around since 1999 (the dark ages)!!!

twitter's new and trendy!!!!
ok, here's what i want to do. seems like a fairly simple task but none of the current fancy search engines seem to be able to help (not even cuil!).

very often in my line of work i need to quickly find out a currency exchange rate *at a specific date in the past*. say i need to convert 70.000 usd to gbp at the exchange rate from the 25th of march 2006. normally i go to one of the websites that keep track of these things, dig up the exchange rate and multiply, but this is so much more work than typing a one-line query like if i need something converted at *today's* rate.

any ideas?
[**:(**](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=boobs)

fail
there's a subreddit for that!
http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/
i would say it is more likely to become a millionaire through hanging out with other millionaires (i.e. access to business connections, venture capital) than it is to just "become a millionaire".

in the case that you have already become said millionaire, then it is more probable that you obtain millionaire friends than you hanging out with millionaires and becoming a millionaire.

edit: yes.
to be fair, i didn't read the article. but i surmise that twitter users have incredibly short lifespans.
[love letters are free but valentines day is fictional](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=what+is+love%3f)
[/r/bestof](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof)?
no, you only receive a 40oz of steel reserve. sorry.
operawiki is an excellent resource. i hope someone will feel free to finish up what i started over there on the http://operawiki.info/allactions page. i got tuckered after awhile, and no one has added any other descriptions to that list for the last couple of years after i stopped.

* [4chan memes](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=4chan+memes)
* [asian porn stars](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=asian+porn+stars)
* [oral sex](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=oral+sex): seems to list types of sex, but whatever.

and of course...

* [penis](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=penis)

you could create a snapshot of the filesystem from when the torrent files were "perfect", but it may waste alot of space, since it seems like snapshots need to be filesystem wide.

maybe they'll add finer-grained snapshot control in future utilities.
the funny thing is that i liked facebook when it was first released at my college (back in 2004, i believe) because it had by far the *cleanest* interface out there.  they've gone steadily downhill since then.
that's the point, i don't think it's intelligent at all. as far as i can tell, it's just blindly grouping together data that tend to appear on most relevant pages found for your query. that's drone work, not intelligence.

it's a feat of programming, i'm sure. i just can't think of an application; but that could be just my close-mindedness. until i see a practical use for this, i won't be amazed, though.
some days you eat the bear, some days the bear eats you.
where's the beef?
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=operating+systems

**.... is an os?** damn...

(incase they take it down, here's a [screenshot)](http://imgur.com/dsx1t.jpg)
well it's only natural to make such an assumption.
i like it. just one question... can anyone help me import my firefox bookmarks into it? i can't locate the bookmarks folder for firefox when it asks for it...
add sexuality for extra unknown-info!
[porn stars](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=porn+stars)
someone out there wants to run "best of /r/bestof." one submission a day, highest voted submission to /r/bestof for a 24 hour period.

for the snobby redditors who demand the very best:

http://www.reddit.com/reddits/create?name=bestof_bestof

:p
5 squared does not appear to be 25
don't wear a c and j all over your b's
unconditional love is a **c**ross **d**resser?
i use 4 browsers semi-randomly (firefox, chrome, opera, safari; i tend to use opera and ff much more often than the other two though) and have found opera having a lot of trouble with some things. pdfs tend to lag and sometimes get scrolling artifacts. my university's courses site lags a lot more on opera than it does on ff and also suffers from artifacts. on the other hand, opera is noticeably faster and lighter.
it's also got one old benchmark of how fast it is on ssds.

this isn't an ssd optimized file system. it's clearly meant for platters. how, then, does it beat out the other file systems? does it have to do with ssds having issues writing to blocks that are partially filled?
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=marijuana+strains

hah!
love the protip column for memes, even if it is empty.
1x10^googol != googol^2...
9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
probably, i don't know.  i don't use rss for anything else, so why would i use it for this?  it's not a problem to log in to read the folks i follow.
obviously, yes! jk, you should enter a "category" something like "planets" or "fish species" or "colours". basically something that you would like a list of.
flash = downvote.
i'm constantly revising my list of people i'm following.  at first it was semi-celebrities, then it was people who live in the same town as me.  after getting rid of the celebs and people in town who didn't follow back, and blocking all the spam-type accounts, it got really quiet.  then i added a few dozen people interested in learning japanese the way i am and so we mostly just tweet about that.  someone once compared twitter to a party where you go around and mingle with people and join in on conversations, and that makes sense.  if someone went on and on about what they had to eat for every meal, or spent the whole time subtly promoting their business you'd excuse yourself and move on to the next conversation.
wasn't exactly this sort of ai fart why we started to laugh at cuil?

hmmm.... i want a hamburger.
[♪one of these is not like the other...♫](http://imgur.com/ge6fr.png)
missionary was invented in england?  i didn't know that.
nice, if you click the "add coloumns" field you can choose "measurements".

useful information!
i use twitter only to share links. since they don't provide the users with a bookmarklet i wrote one up. http://140b.us
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=social+news+websites

no digg... i like this already.
but twitter is unlike reddit in the sense that you must create an account even to passively receive updates. with reddit there's not much point in creating an account until you actually want to post something. in addition, there's little incentive to create multiple accounts on twitter, whereas it's practically the national sport of reddit - i'd guess the median is 1 due to the large number of sockpuppets and novelty accounts.

i'd take your bet, but your life probably isn't that much better than mine, and i don't know what i'd do with two...
practically speaking, you are right. it is god damn useless. but i am really enjoying playing with it.
no, you're not the only one.  this is not anywhere near wolfram alpha sophistication.
now, i've been using the internet regularly since the 1980's and these things come and go fairly regularly.  and, by 'things,' i mean highly popular - yet absolutely useless - sites that serve no purpose whatsoever...  can anyone please explain to me why exactly twitter is so popular???  if i phoned everybody i knew, just to tell them that i was, at that very moment, sitting down to dinner - and again, to tell them what was on the menu - and again when the appetizers arrive, and again when the dessert cart rolls past - and again while waiting for the valet to arrive with the car - well, let's just say, my address book would become very thin, very fast.  but, put it on the internet - and it's a phenomenon!

at least amazon and ebay actually *did* something (well, at least amazon did anyways).  but myspace, facebook, etc?...

anyone that owns one of these companies would be an absolute moron not to sell when the 9 and 10-figure buyout offers come rolling in...
darwin is the open source base for osx - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/darwin_(operating_system)
haha! george clinton.
this has as much to do with wolfram alpha as wolfram alpha has to do with google images.
fail: 
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=english+baroque+composers

gives only non-english baroque composers and a retired american olympic sprint medalist !?!
they are not for everyone. you need a good seal...and skullcandy products aren't very good. unless you aren't very critical about sound quality. but iems provide (potentially) very good passive isolation.
what's that thing called when you learn a term then you start seeing it everywhere? i just learned about phrasal verbs yesterday.
i thought bing replaced live, but now you're saying it [squared](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/square_and_compasses) google?  better use [wolfram](http://www.amazon.com/three-t-shirt-available-various-sizes/dp/b000nzw3iy) ...
i agree it's not the best now. but i'm sure that the developers will improve it in the future, and it will someday provide vastly improved results.
i love that a broken heart is a quest item. that's almost poetic.
[elements](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=elements), [metals](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=metals), [black holes](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=black+holes), [sphincters](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=sphincters), [jerks](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=jerks), [body modifications](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=body+modifications)...
you're just imagining things
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=useless+facts

ha!
google grid is live!
most of the information it's gathering from what i've seen is from wikipedia anyway.  i don't understand the point either.
article win: *according to edgard and nina, he's exactly like the real thing, and has established himself as the alpha male among the other pets the moment he came into the house. to be honest, if i was another dog i would be freaked out to find alive the dog i thought was dead.*
"porn" is one of my standard searches for new engines of any sort. *all dudes.* ignoring how not cool that is, how does that make statistical sense?
jpg is not for screenshots.  please use png like a civilized person.
hey, i can't add more to that one!
respectfully disagree. wolfram alpha at least told you it didn't know the answer instead of unknowingly spitting out wrong results. plus wa can continue to drastically improve as they add more and more databases to search from.
yeah, but i guess that this is in labs which, even for google where _everything_ is in beta, definitely constitutes a testing phase.

it's not like they've gone and spunked it all over the nets yelling "hahaha fuck you wolfram, you going _down_"
i genuinely do not understand the intent of this project.
interesting; i wasn't aware our [sixth vice president](http://tbn1.google.com/images?q=tbn:avcjhze3knomhm) was ever photographed in color.
my hamburger!
[baader-meinhof phenomenon](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baader-meinhof_phenomenon)

which, of course, everyone swears they _just read about last week_.
clinton was such a baller
go to add next 10 and you'll find [jerry butler](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jerry_butler_(singer) in that list.
creepy as hell dude, i just posted about this like a week ago.
yeah, it really depends what you mean by "reddit user".

if you mean anyone who has come to reddit ever, then the median number of posts is definitely 0.  if a "user" is only people who created an account, then you're right, the median may be 1.
whenever i see "baader-meinhof" i think of a gang. 

wasn't there a gang?
good to know, but still a bit of work for those who already have hundreds of 'friends'...
i just revealed that i didn't rtfa.

i lose
it's for people who don't believe their computer is powered by an omnipotent nerd in redmond.
so does this calculate [time to fall 100 meters](http://www55.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=time+to+fall+100+meters) or the [time for voyager to reach our closest star besides the sun](http://www55.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=distance+to+alpha+centauri+%2f+speed+of+voyager+1+in+years)? it's not really the same kind of service. they both deal with making use of structured data, but that's also where the similarities end.

yes, some queries are doable on both services, like the vitamin c content in an orange vs a banana, or other "vs" style queries, but not really more advanced calculations, and absolutely not by using verified data as in wa.
&gt;whenever i see "baader-meinhof" i think of a gang.

whenever i see "baader-meinhof" i think i've been insulted by an elderly german factory worker.
thank you, i'm glad somebody else around here sees the benefits of twitter. i'm with you, i didn't really understand why everyone would want to know what their friends were doing all the time. but then i came to realize that by using it as a catch-all rss reader i could get tech news, local and national news, industry news and other stuff all to my phone.

and i don't just use it for that. i also use it to keep in touch with my friends (journalists) and what they are working on. we're probably a very small group among everyone else that actually fill in the box asking, "what are you doing?"

oh, and i also use it occasionally to update my facebook status using the #fb hash. twitter hashtags are a great way to crowdsource on a specific topic.

for all the haters out there i'll give you an example of hashtag benefits:

say there's an earthquake in socal. i guarantee you people will start tweeting like crazy using some kind of mutually agreeable hashtag such as #quake, and for all the people aggragating the posts marked with the #quake hashtag you can get accounts of that breaking news from thousands of sources, all up to the minute. print (and even online) journalism just can't keep up with that, which is unfortunate but true.
the candlejack meme was born in april 22, 1969! wow, who would've known! i guess 4chan started out as a group of antisocial men with monocles back in the 1800's.
in terms of sophistication of algorithms this is undoubtedly more advanced, but actual humans organizing data still works way better.
go to add columns, and you can see date of death.

google died seven years ago...
hahah nice one. i counter with 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etdzjqvpw1e&amp;fmt=18
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=electric+type+pokemon
their left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing. [all four values are wrong here](http://imgur.com/y1zn2.png). however, if you just simply [google it](http://www.google.com/search?q=area%20of%20st.petersburg), you get the right answer instantly.
if they have a twitter, they do. twitter provides rss feeds of everyone with an account.

and you don't have to have your own account to subscribe. that was my point.
&gt; parsing raw data from billions of websites. by themselves.

actually, a lot of this data is from wikipedia. only with the risk of being more unreliable, due to said algorithms in addition to the risks with the reliability of wikipedia as a source itself.
it's more data than wa of course, since it's based on the web. but it's also less accurate, since it's based on the web. and it can't even do much with the data.

yes, i also fail to see the application. at the very least, they need to curate the data like wa does. that's really step one. how will a service providing untrustworthy data be useful for anything special at all?
well, there are rss readers for every platform out there, and you don't have to sign in or create an account to use it.

it just seems slightly useless to go sign up for a service when you've already got equipment that lets you see the updates in a timely manner.
enter search engines. add an item for cuil. add a column for cuils.
me^2
this is the worst thing i've ever seen google produce.

if people wish to surpass the 140 character limit and go way out of topic, they can. you see, there's a thing called "breaking your message
into multiple parts." here's how it works: 1. you type your message. 2. you split your message into 140-character chunks. 3. post the messa
ge chunks in sequential order (or in case of twitter, reverse order). 4. ??? 5. you don't profit. in fact, twitter has no business plan wha
tsoever. 

what i'm essentially saying is that the 140 character limit is totally arbitrary.
cool. here's my [totalitarianism square.](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=miguel+primo+de+rivera&amp;items=jose+antonio+primo+de+rivera&amp;items=francisco+franco&amp;items=&amp;items=&amp;items=)
&gt; what do people use their secondary and tertiary browsers for anyway?

logging in to different mail accounts, site incompatibilities and web testing for me.
the length of [death cab for cutie albums](http://imgur.com/vjpkg.png) tend to vary largely, usually in the range of 43:21, 50mm, and 1,000 characters.
i think that vimperator uses less than that.
it's very complex.
as usual, there is no mention of what proportion of technical graduates are members of said underrepresented minorities.

i'm guessing that while certain minorities are underrepresented in tech jobs with respect to the percentage of the population as a whole, they are probably overrepresented with respect to the percentage of graduates with technical degrees.

to fix the underlying problem, we have to get more public schools with teachers capable of teaching math and science in elementary and high school, as going from basic math to physics and calculus in college can be a little daunting.
that's a good idea actually. would be simple to make too, if you had a database of all past exchange rates...

find me one and i'll consider it ;)
great vundo trojan removal guide
sooo close... [fallout 3 weapons](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=fallout+3+weapons)
[google squared couldn't automatically build a square about google squared.](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=google+squared)
wtf is this...i dont get it?
one too many.
while normal tv screens don't have pixels, per se, they approximate a resolution of approximately 352x240.  that is, like, animated gif size.  they're already forced to downzise at the common youtube resolution.

if you've ever used an analog convertor or even s-video to use a tv with a computer, you would see that 800x600 is almost unusably large.

times they are a'changing but i think we've still got a lot more crt analog televisions than lcd/plasma/oled combined.  this would seem to be a reach for a new demographic, it's likely to be on a lot of analog crts.

i'm not against the hd, and i wasn't saying that they shouldn't do it.  i'm just pointing out that hd is not nearly as large of a factor in today's television audience as it is with the online and tech-savvy portions of the audience.  it would be a great feature.

for instance, my 55 inch can do hd but my 27, 32, 36, 45, and 60 inchers are all analog.  "the larger screens" in television do not imply larger resolution as they would with a typical monitor.  i suppose i could have explained myself better but that was the reason for my response to the previous comment.
[irrefutable proof](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=porn) that google is gay.
**[omg barack obama died in 82!](http://www.google.com/squared/table/agbw4jb-ctdb4tyjok1e0kbw)**
agreed. to me, hulu is just "that place that doesn't let you play any videos". it's worse than  brightcove, which at least gives you some hope that the video might eventually play, maybe.

if it's not on youtube i usually don't bother trying to get it to work.
wa cannot do it?
this is the dumbest thing i've ever seen
about a month ago i got a new idea for a website community and decided to build it out. the only problem is that it's a huge project and i'm only about 10-15% there.

i get the feeling that this could become very popular and possibly move me in a different direction career-wise. after putting in 8 hours at my day job i only have 3-4 hours of dev time (and when tired that equates to 1 hour of good time) at home. it's starting to take it's toll and i'm not sure how long i can maintain this schedule. i've been going at it for a month and am starting to become disillusioned by the fact it will take me through the end of the year to have something in even a private beta form.

my question to you is this: does anyone have experience with this scenario? if so, what advice can you give me. it'd be great if i could find a venture capital firm to give me a few hundred grand to get a development team and finish up this project in a few months, but i don't have any connections or experience with that. even then, would that be such a great idea? quitting my day job is not an option.

it was a terrorist group.
i think you're supposed to type something in, and get organized information about it. i could be wrong though.


* [cloud types](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=cloud%20types&amp;suggest=12)
* [planets](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=planets)
* [search engines](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=search+engines)
india thanks you.
looks like if you're a purp you're a racist.
google made that, don't blame me
what i actually heard about just last week was a film, the baader-meinhof complex. it's still mildly creepy.
if i want to follow musicians, i can just stick with myspace. there, i can always rely on musicians to tell me every time they take a dump, among other things.
is it supposed to make sense? i'm getting some pretty strange, hilarious results
no wonder they kept it out of the history books, look he is black

http://www.biographyshelf.com/george_washington_carver_biography.html
&gt; creating backups? huh? why not create backups from the current state?

i've got a filesystem with gigs (i guess) of email (many many individual messages) for multiple users, which is receiving email all the time. if i start creating a tar file of the mailboxes, mail will have arrived in them before it has finished.

therefore (i think) it's indeterminate whether a mail arriving just after i've started the tar process will be in the tarball or not. i would like to make a backup of the mailboxes in their exact state at 6pm (or whenever).  
rule 34 failed :/

http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=naked+girls
i'm a little disappointed with wolfram|alpha. this was the first time i wasn't trying to stump it, and genuinely thought i had a question it could answer for me - perhaps even give me some nice results like the average domain name length, etc...

instead it disappointed me that it couldn't even figure out what i was asking.

syntactically i wasn't asking anything complicated - different only from "what is the longest domain name?" by an adjective. unfortunately, it doesn't even know the answer to that question... it should know that i'm asking a question of length, the subject is simply defined and unambiguous.

my conclusion is that the reason why google/bing, and to a lesser extent yahoo, win is simply because they have a database of websites where people write the answer to my question using similar words...or websites where others have asked the same question with similar words. wolfram|alpha doesn't...
wake up sheeple!!
maybe line breaks don't work in opera :p

(kidding)
no worries. us can always be proud with autofellatio.
google: hey we can do a wolframalpha too!
no...seriously, i did.  maybe it was two weeks ago.
worse than useless. i won't get that five minutes back.
this is basically a tool for organizing wikipedia information into squares.
thanks, that was really helpful. 

i wasn't seeing the rss icon there because i was too impatient to wait for the page to finish loading when i wanted to use it.

i know about the hold the right mousebutton thing in opera, but that just scrolls through a list of page titles. i want something where i can mouse over the tabs and actually scroll through the tabs visually. 


i like how *henry v* (the play) died in dekalb, il, and how othello was born in 1986.  [eh, google?](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=shakespeare+plays#)
a lot of people would, you're right.  no one here, but a lot of people. 
clearly a rat is a 6'4", 150mg asian.
that's going at like what, .05 impulse?

max speed is warp 9.975.  i highly doubt it'd take 77 thousand years to get to the next damn star.
so i was looking at my onion rss feed in google reader about and hour ago. once i finished reading the new stories i was interested in, i sort of automatically switched to my next feed without realizing it. i started reading an article about some sort of absurd google service that searches for info and gives it to you as a spreadsheet. and of course this service had a ridiculous name of google squared. i was chuckling the whole way through the article thinking it was pretty funny how the onion could make up such strange and pointless ideas in order to point out how pointless other things (wolfram alpha) are without directly referencing them. then i decided i had read enough onion articles and i should read a couple lifehacker (my next feed in the list) articles. when i went to switch feeds i realized...i had been reading a lifehacker post about an actual service...
interesting, apparently the gdp of ancient greece was $275 million, but the gdp of the celts was $62,219,089,445,907.84 ($62 trillion)
try harry potter
looks neat to start a spreadsheet maybe.

if i wanted to start a spreadsheet on us senators, this could auto fill a lot of info in, then i could fix up the data.

it could save *alot* of typing, but increase analyzing and copy/paste of data.


wow, it's like irc, only better because of flash
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=what+is+this
add the succeeded by column, and check out the entries for bush and obama.
miranda is a real, ml-like programming language.
yes, i should have specified that the wtf referred to the supporting image for miranda, a half-naked woman holding a bra.
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=nhl+hockey+teams

it found nhl teams, which is good.

but apparently the new york rangers are a level 6 and the new jersey devils are a level superstar.

and the new york islanders were succeeded by the the edmonton oilers.

i'm not sure what any of that means.
i read about that last week.
finally they get their revenge for the apple ad which cast microsoft has the orwellian 1984 master
dc can.
yeah, they used to have some run ins with the van buren boys.
on the surface, it is useless.  it's a pretty dang impressive piece of work nonetheless.

to glean this kind of organized information from a rough, unstructured web with ~90% accuracy is quite slick.  as they improve it (and get some human input), we'll probably be seeing better uses of the technology.
omg
the skin's not done yet, either (:
windows ce variants work on arm
looking at its sources, i think it was ripped from rankings for son fantasy league thing.
wow, you have an idea that can overtake your dayjob and you want venture capital? get in line.

sounds like you have the entirely wrong goals. if you're doing this for yourself or for others, then keep your head up and keep fighting the uphill battle. releasing is a feature of its own.

if you're trying to get rich, odds are you just had the startling realization that you're not going to.
try breasts.
&gt;planets

2 out of the first 7 are not planets.
it fails on stuff that i would expect it to be able to find without even using other sources.

&gt; largest five-digit prime

&gt; wolfram|alpha isn't sure what to do with your input.

&gt; smallest prime number greater than 8192

&gt; wolfram|alpha isn't sure what to do with your input.

&gt; millionth digit of pi

&gt; (useless answer)

&gt; percent difference between 123.4 and 123.5

&gt; wolfram|alpha isn't sure what to do with your input.

thank you kindly
a while ago, i switched from opera to chrome... now i just found my reason to switch back to opera. 
go on...
as of now i see with the g! firmware 1.5 update
* updated gui 

* camcorder 

* boot up graphic has changed 

* under applications settings there is now a development tab
* voice integrated web browsing 

* google talk

* page info can be seen in browser

* text encoding and text size may be changed in browser

* use of accelorameter for vertical and horizontal positioning

* market updated with demos and a software library

windows died with xp, linux died when "a modem hung up the phone", freebsd is shareware, linux is red, solaris is black, and darwin is coloured, "darwin's hypothesis revisited."

the more you know.
i found a [hamburger](http://imgur.com/1uwe6.png).
wow! never thought it could tabulate cuil theory!

[submitted](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/8pm2o/google_squared_tabulates_cuil_theory/)
fta: "microsoft does offer a version of windows mobile that is compatible with arm chips but doesn't have plans to develop that for the technically more capable environment of a smartbook"
http://finance.yahoo.com/currency-converter?u#from=usd;to=eur;amt=1


that is a pretty cool use for it.
apparently a cessna is 35cm long and helicopters are 442mm long. also, aircraft finance has a maximum speed of 253mph!

thanks google^2, that all i wanted to know about [aircraft](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=aircraft)!
this would be cool if it worked. [sadly it doesn't](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=multiplayer+xbox+360+games)
keep at it yourself. 

try working on different areas of the project to keep it interesting.  focus on graphics one day, background database the next etc.

unless a feature is absolutely essential then consider removing it.

remember it's better to have get the project finished and live then to work on getting it perfect forever.
[i don't understand.](http://imgur.com/xtr6g.png)

apparently cs lewis wrote christianity. 

http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=religion
what's up with your capitalisation ?
i am a student, and a lot of the time you are required to compare methods and information in sets like this.  
in software comparing systems based on requirements is also necessary. with a little more advanced interface, this could be used to fulfill this task quickly.  
as it is when i searched for required memory of red hat, i got "seven year", so not useful at the moment.
at least you would hope so
i don't use twitter and probably never will. but they do have a viable business model, unlike most internet services. businesses will pay them because it is an easy way to deliver their message to a huge number of users on a daily basis, it already has a huge user base and is in the social consciousness, so to speak.
how big is the market for the "smartbooks?"  microsoft is gonna just use that sector to show customers that linux and android is for the small, not so powerful computers.
one of my favorite paragraphs on wikipedia:

free your mind...and your ass will follow is a 1970 album by the american funk band funkadelic. it was released on westbound records. the inspiration for this album was, according to george clinton, an attempt to "see if we can cut a whole album while we're all tripping on acid."
"worse that useless. i won't get that five minutes back."  
  
very true. you could have used those wasted 5 minutes on your grammar instead.
screw that. i want a swimming pool filled with stem cells.  
got a problem? take a dip!
what you people don't realize is that you are part of the imminent baader-meinhof singularity. every day hundreds more people hear of baader-meinhof and start thinking about it in their everyday lives. if we don't put an end to this all will be lost! civilization will come to a grinding halt when all we can think about is baader-meinhof! fsm save us all...
wow, the first thing i searched for was "lost episodes", before i saw your comment. good to see i'm not alone ...
&gt;twits (or whatever they call them).

i thought we all learned a few days ago that elite twitter users are called "twitterati".

i prefer "twits". it's just like texting on a cell phone.
what the.. how did you manage that?! you said candlejack, and you weren't kidna
screw you, man.  pluto forever!
&gt;max speed if q doesn't intervene

ftfy
* [functional programming languages](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=functional+programming+languages)
* [psychedelic drug effects](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=psychedelic+drug+effects)
* [strains of marijuana](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=strains+of+marijuana)

edit: [this](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=where+to+buy+drugs) is pretty hilarious (it has a column for "swine flu", one value is "bacon's revenge").
my head just had a meta-implosion, thanks.
i typed in things like "molecules" "atoms" "compounds" and got an interesting collage of information, from google squared. 

although a lot of the data was irrelevant and incorrect.

can wolfram alpha do something similar? i tried playing around with it but got a lot of "wolfram|alpha does not understand your request"
actually, it has a perfectly good reason for the char limit. it's because sms generally has a 160 char limit, so the @username + 140 char message can all be bundled up and sent to a dumb phone.
i know that was twitter's main selling point for me, because i do not have a data plan or smart phone, so i needed something that was fully accessible via texting.
&gt; windows influced: c#, dcl, ksh, perl, ruby/lisp, cl, sql, command.com/ cmd.exe,[2] tcl[3]

really? hmm.

also, darwin was written in 1809, but i think that confuses some of the history texts. looks like minitruth screwed up.
cuil doesn't find any results at all.
[q makes me do this.](http://mypetjawa.mu.nu/archives/picard-facepalm.jpg)

fuck q. i'd rather ride a bike to alpha centauri.


no problem!
true; you won't get those five minutes back, but they did apparently serve to teach you that you should not use google squared in future, so they were not worse than useless.
but you can add 'gender' and 'sexual orientation' columns into it and it actually brings some results! wow this is... great..
exactly. as soon as twitter became more well known for being what it has become, i thought, "this is just an rss reader, what the fuck?" then i remembered that people are idiots and will not learn about new technology if it's scary. so stick a bird on it.
am i missing something here? did they say "hey here is real ai, really try and prove us wrong."? 
my favorites so far: linux distributions, text editor

they still need a sort by column feature, and a filter feature, but it'll come, and i'll be able to research faster than looking up the comparison pages on wikipedia.
i haven't known about it for five minutes and it has already proven useful.  a friend was telling me about the pasta she was preparing for dinner, but couldn't remember the name of the noodle.  [this](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=pasta+noodles) gave me plenty of things to help narrow it down.
but it is [probably] incredibly more modular and will probably grow faster than wolfram alpha.
thank you!  perhaps you also know the term used when a word, repeated over and over again, loses its meaning.  i can't recall it for the life of me.
i thought we established long ago that wikipedia was no worse than any other encycolpedia

http://www.wired.com/culture/lifestyle/news/2005/12/69844 is just once source; sorry for not finding the nature article.
"bipolar" is my favorite so far.
"nfl teams" worked pretty well, as did"nfl quarterbacks" and "super bowls"

i suppose sports lend themselves well to this type of search.
...what do you mean? do you mean a little preview of what the tabs hold? 

tools &gt; preferences &gt; advanced &gt; tab &gt; check "show thumbnails in tab cycle"




allow me to point you into another direction of thought on this idea.

the way that twitter is marketed is that you can follow celebrities and know what they're daily thoughts are. unlike blogging, where the center of attention is focused on the user broadcasting themselves, i consider twitter (post-douchebag ashton kutcher) to be a following service.
jugalator must actually be candlejack!  quick, ever
good point. 

that "universal" button escaped my vision whilst twas perusing last nights.
about 1‽ of separation, i'd say.
the celts were sitting on gold mines, but that probably doesn't warrant such a humongous figure.
what were you expecting it to return? there aren't multiple san franciscos.
bing: 1
google: 0
"he who controls the porn, controls the internet."

- mingdamirthless
no, it'd probably cost around $400 at most.  why would it need to cost more than that?
[cool!](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=whores&amp;items=belladonna&amp;items=ava+devine&amp;items=audrey+hollander&amp;items=joanna+angel&amp;items= "belladonna is pretty ugly though, judging from her pic")
he wasn't on earl's checklist.
a san francisco?
[do do do do...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ect-kgxbb4m&amp;feature=player_embedded)
take a break for a while.  first off, assess your goals.  you shouldn't build applications for the money.  chances are you're not going to get rich.  do it for the experience.  adventure into new languages and technologies that you normally wouldn't use.  try different methods and use what you learn.  my philosophy is to build a personal project every 6 months and in each one incorporate something new.  i also keep a pet project which is some accounting software that i've refactored now 3 times in 3 different languages.  i know it will never compete with the existing products out there, but it's not about that.  it's about taking something you know how should operate and learning to do it in a different way.
[zerg units](http://www.google.com/squared/table/ag50go6frqcmuzxzlbfvyg4g)
...or a girl?
ummm, actually i designed twitter.  during its conception i pondered, "what if there was an rss feed written by my friends?"  thus, twitter was born in 2006 upon this idea.  that was many yesterdays ago.  so yeah...
i searched "german philosophers" and got back a couple of them. i added the column, "atheist" and it told me nietzsche was circumsized. 
that's not a grammar issue. it's a typo, but thanks mr. typo police.
more useless shit from google labs.

this is useless. why would you use this instead of regular search at any search engine like yahoo or google ?

&gt;how will a service providing untrustworthy data be useful for anything special at all?

really?
i agree. wa and this are useless until one of them can tell me what are robocop's prime directives.
well, its for niche people on research. it builds on what u already have.
wolfram is different, like it also.
well, it could be a grammar issue. you used the word 'that' incorrectly. dumb ass.
this does not need to exist.
it took like seven seconds to make an account.  i suppose it's slightly useless for miniscule quantities of 'useless'.  not a big deal.  like i said, i don't use rss for anything else.  
this is going to provide [hours of endless fun](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=planets). include venus and saturn in your "square" and check the descriptions. 
yeah, humans are much better than computers at trawling though trillions of bits of data to instantly put together related sets of information... a few million times a day. 
like looking up hot bitches?
we're the only ones who can train the associations.
does not seem to work well so far
it's wolfram alpha's long lost handicapped bastard brother!
it's a luxury mammal. you feed it the remains of animals and plants from thousands of years ago. luxury animals can travel very fast.
ya wtf, i give it a simple number like 2 and it can't figure it out???
(in an ominous, foreboding tone)

*for now.*
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=deities#table/agwjvup6h-odgqy-du8crkkw
find a partner. doing things alone is never easy.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jetv3nurwlc
i've definitely thought about that, but i don't have any friends that know .net (i work in c# for my day job so it was a natural choice to use it as the framework).  any good .net programmers in the dallas area? :-d
venus is straight.
that's not at all the goal.  i actually tried my hand at an online retail shop to do just that a few years ago and failed miserably.  

i now realize that my passion was in the money and not in the site itself.  this site revolves around one of my hobbies so that's my first and foremost reason for doing it.  if the site is up and running and growing 6 months after launch then i can start thinking about monetizing it.
what can you not configure in opera?  site specific js and css and cookies and etcetera; bunch of toolbars, skins, menus, mouse gestures, shortcuts, all customizable; ability to override mime-type actions.  

you can customize shit out of opera — what do you think is missing??
this is clearly google's competition for cuil.
i notice a common power-users complaint about opera.

here is the answer:  yes, you can customise that.  you just need to hit the opera site and look it up.  

opera *makes its money* on the basis of three things: search revenue through its search shortcuts, being cross-platform to the extreme, and being completely customizable by its licensees so that each may offer a product that is ui-differentiated from the competion.
this is really sound advice.  i've found myself revolving around those different areas and it was actually one of my reasons for frustration (the feeling that i was going in 100 different directions).  i guess in retrospect it may be one of the only reasons i didn't lose interest and stop working on the site all together.  

i'm gonna take a stab at whittling down the features list before i get mondo feature-creep. 
wolfram|alpha doesn't work for stupid bullshit fucking questions. it handles real questions, like a comparison of the relative life expectancies of various countries.
this is a beta.  expect it to crash on occassion.

latest real release is 9.4, iirc.

that said, 9.4 crashes on os x.  and actually, seemed to get worse the older it got.  
man this thing is a disgrace. i typed in "fiji islands" expecting to get a list of the 300+ islands and mostly got a list of travel brochures. it didn't even list the main island of viti levu. bummer, google. 
t for temple u
it surprises me that you never got an explanation before, since this is a common question, but here goes again.

twitter is far from useless. first off, i should address the misconception about its usual use case. i follow about 180 people now, and nobody i know tweets about every minutia of their life. this impression is the fault of twitter, admittedly, because it seemed to be the original purpose of the site, and it's the reason i actually refused to join for a while myself.

email is useful. chat rooms are useful. blogs are useful. status messages are useful to an extent. twitter fills in a gap that lives between all of these. you can give a certain person a piece of information (like email), but unlike email, anybody else can listen in
 and benefit from your advice. you can make a comment like in a chatroom, but unlike a chatroom, everybody in the world can listen, and yet nobody in the network has to. you can give your opinion on something, like a blog, but unlike a blog, it's a quick blurb, not too much to read in 3 seconds. it really becomes a versatile thing, and probably more use patterns are yet to evolve.

* if something is happening somewhere, you can get firsthand accounts pretty fast. google "holy fucking shit i was just in a plane crash" for an example.

* people use it to express opinions. if you want to know people's impressions of a national news event, right as it's happening, nothing but twitter gives this to you. it almost seems like a hive mind here.

* there's a hobby group that i'm a member of. a lot of them are on twitter. sometimes i like to know what they're up to, where they're meeting at, etc. it can actually be a useful coordination tool.

* it's a good way to get at least some idea what's going on at an event. what people's impressions are. people at the event can converse and exchange impressions, and you can listen in on conversations.

* if someone tweets that they're doing something interesting, or that they're just at a bar, and anybody is welcome to join, it's a good way of getting the word out to a bunch of people without annoying anybody with emails.

by the way, to address your question about emailing people all these details, you actually precisely make the case *for* twitter. what you said is exactly like saying, "if people sent me long articles in my email all the time, and expected me to read them, it would annoy the hell out of me. but put them on a 'blog', and suddenly it's a phenomenon!" the exact point is, you *don't* have to look at it. you're broadcasting the information to whoever feels like listening to it, *at the given time*. this means you're free to express information with a lot less reservation for who you're going to annoy, because they're able to choose not to listen at that time.

any clearer?
um... when they call themselves a "computational knowledge engine" and months before their launch are bragging about how interpretative their engine is, and then i point out how it failed the first time i tried to actually use it, it's not me complaining... it's me pointing out that they're not as great as they are portraying themselves to be.

it's one thing if i asked it some ridiculous question, but i think mine was standard enough without being one of their preloaded example questions... and i'm pointing to a larger issue: that they don't crawl websites, and thus have to improve the quality of their interpretative engine, because currently it's failed.

i still marvel at google, because it's held up for so long... but i have yet to marvel at wolfram alpha as they have yet to impress. until they do, my complaint is valid - i can't take them for granted until they have actually done *something* that i can take for granted.
it's hard to tell if you know the right answer or not, even for humans.  i think wolfram has all it's information stored, right?  whereas this is getting information on its own from the internet?

please, if i'm wrong, correct me, don't just vote me down.
add "senior advisor" column to get a real treat
what is it?
what is this
i think the point is that there doesn't seem to be a practical use for this.
i thought the link would go here http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=%3a%28
wow. it's pretty incredible that i can make a list of 10 fruits, and add the column "color", and it finds them all. for apricot it lists "golden with amber highlights."
but it's always at the vet.
no, i think you are for the most part correct. my understanding is that wa more or less has their info "stored", but it's not like some code monkey working for wolfram typed in all those databases by hand - they were all pulled down from various databases online too. and no matter how you implement it, i'd still prefer my knowledge source to not tell me that george clinton was a us vice president :)
it would be nice if you could just click on one specific square and ask it to try again.
i can hear the hoard of redditor's moaning in disapproval. 
then hey, just keep kicking it out. maybe take a break, play with something else thats a bit smaller, but you just need to keep slogging. set some goals, prioritize the features you want to implement. if you can get a beta (or alpha) launched, you'll feel better about yourself. even having a small body of users will help keep you motivated to keep chugging on it.

but definitely dont quit your day job and dont expect to even break even on your labor and hosting costs. labors of love are hard, but you'll learn a lot and add something to your development portfolio.
deceptive title. the article is in reference to premium content. not hulu as we currently know it.
for the lazy, the resulting cell (cuil,cuil) says:

&gt; 7,026 results for morden, manitoba.
[semantic satiation.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semantic_satiation "satiation satiation satiation satiation satiation satiation satiation satiation satiation")
agreed, it couldn't find a single favorite food of a british poet. 
too bad they don't have a rating or a way to train them. i saw plenty of data that was of the wrong relevance, for example under cloud types cumulus description is "a company that own radio stations". i wanted to train it and say no try again, but didn't see any way.
&gt; india is thanking you, sir.

ftfy
oneupmanship
it was a typo, mr. troll.

here, have a cookie. mmmmm, chocolate.
ah, i see where the n comes from now.
ouch!
that's gonna leave a mark.
upvoted for hover text.
wouldn't that pretty much be spam 2.0? i don't use twitter and probably never will either.. our marketing director loves it though, so it makes me wonder.
even though [he was](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_clinton_(vice_president\))?  were you maybe thinking of [this guy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bill_clinton)?
they've also hit warp 10, which lets you get anywhere instantly.  of course, it has some... [side effects](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/threshold_(star_trek:_voyager\)).
you guys obviously didn't click on the "add next 4 items" link and look at the wolverine entry.

edit: for more fun try adding "human". apparently we're [class m](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stellar_classification#class_m) of the family [retroviridae](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retroviridae) and genus [roseolovirus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roseolovirus)
it just needed to be worded differently:
50% of people involved in rape enjoy it.
(assuming there are two people involved in a rape: the rapist, and the rapee (?)).


thank you!
i was hoping someone would recognize that judging a number set by its median is ridiculous! that makes 2 people (me and you, nate...) out of 177 comments made that have at least little intelligence...
i hope you're wrong, because this is pitiful. i'd expect better out of an unofficial abuse of google like googlefight.
if there was a wtf.google.com that removed obviously relevant results, i'd use it. i had a hell of a time finding lcd panels as for use in embedded systems because i'd keep getting crap about lcd monitors.
"now it's also out there on the tor network. for those of you not familiar with tor, it's a system for protecting online dissidents from their own governments"

sweet! so i'm an online dissident now?
i binged someone... bing this, bing that i bing all day long.... sounds rather dirty to me. and i'm happy with google
merry christmas.

http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h10/hist/

the ones linked there goes back to 2000, but just above there are links to to older stuff, going back to 1971.
the porn must flow.
an interesting effort obviated by the combined efforts of obsessive nerds everywhere. search "list of x" and google proper returns plenty of useful stuff near the top:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cloud_types
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/list_of_planets
http://www.philb.com/webse.htm

maybe i'll care once this project absorbs all the numeric data in wikipedia and leaves actual-beta for fake-beta.
it can't do "bananas" but it can do "scrotums". interesting set of priorities there, google.
google produce? you mean they deliver groceries too?
i think it's a very spammy service. but when it's the personal words of various employees and executives people seem to feel otherwise.
i don't know what to do with your input.
i'll take a arm cpu/nvidia gpu combo "smartbook" any day of the week.

i'll use it to remote login to my linux-powered server when i need to do more than browse the web.
this tends to only work if the partner believes in the product even more than you do - since it wasn't their idea in the first place.
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=porn+stars
so what do you categorize as "stupid bullshit fucking questions" then? [codebender](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8pln3/i_finally_had_a_question_worthy_of_wolframalpha_i/c0a1bcw) tried a lot of (seemingly?) good queries with very poor results. i tried finding data on immigration with no results. guess they're just "stupid bullshit fucking questions" too?
apparently alpha is really, really finicky about the syntax. i can get a list of primes that are larger than 8192 (*primes above 8192* works but *primes larger than 8192* doesn't...), but i can't get it to return just the first number.
i tried to teach it "[people named david](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=people+named+david&amp;items=david+hasselhoff&amp;items=david+bowie&amp;items=david+duchovny&amp;items=david+d+davidson&amp;items=david+letterman)" but it didn't get the pattern.
i am not ashamed to admit that was my initial query as well. 
i typed "5", and instead of "25" i got some sort of table, so i don't think i got the point.
much cooler if you use the add button.
shhh, don't tell anyone.
how is this surprising? this is probably true of most websites that allow some sort of login and posting. lots of people just create a login to try it out. lots of people try it, post one message, and leave.

i would be quite surprised if the median number of lifetime posts/comments/edits on any system was greater than 10, unless there was some sort of barrier to creating an account or some agressive system that drops inactive accounts.
arm cpu + ssd = cheap, long battery life and snappy response. 

ideal thin client for browsing internet, reading email and remotely logging to powerful workstations.


the coolest part is, those who downmodded you are probably trying to fool themselves into thinking "it's not useless ok i will use it everyday"
i don't think the wolfram|alpha people mentioned that when they were promoting it...

but how about this: search simply: "mastercard", and you get mastercard stock info. search "mastercard google" and you get stock info about mastercard and google. but it's weird to search two different types of companies... how about we try "mastercard visa"

what you'll see is failure.

frankly, they should stop focusing on putting in easter eggs, and work on their engine.
wasn't an nvidia tegra unit showcased recently running windows ce? that's arm for you right there.
the only good i have had with it is with maths equations. it present a nice little graph, exactly what i wanted. 
none of those 4 really gave a good answer...
google, bing, and yahoo all gave examples of really long domain names, but if it were me asking the question, i would be looking for a quantity of characters allowed - a definite answer, if there is one. i would guess that wolfram would be the one that could give that definite answer easily, but apparently not.

i am definitely not impressed with wolfram.
so....they payed $10,000,000 for a bird with a camera strapped on?
hilarious failures thread...

go!
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/8pkv8/hm_i_dont_think_thats_quite_right/
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=verbs
http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8pka8/google_squared_is_live/c0a1bfj
those chinese sites are down voluntarily complete with messages, plus most of them have parts that are still up in a limited fashion. 

that's a huge contrast to hotmail and blogger which is down in many places spitting out an involuntary 404. youtube has been down in rural areas for months.

it's not the same thing.
if you add "race", earth is $41,690, neptune is 5, and mercury is daytona international speedway.

it's like google out-cuiled cuil.
about that time, the only competitors where ie (5 or 6) and netscape. i would pay for a browser like opera at that time, and was about to when they decided to make it free
i'd advise you to read the [principles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:requests_for_arbitration/scientology#principles) in the arbitration. most notably the responsibilities of organizations. which i'll just paste:

responsibility of organizations

13) editors who access wikipedia through an organization's ip address and who edit wikipedia articles which relate to that organization have a presumptive conflict of interest. regardless of these editors' specific relationship to that organization or function within it, the organization itself bears a responsibility for appropriate use of its servers and equipment. if an organization fails to manage that responsibility, wikipedia may address persistent violations of fundamental site policies through blocks or bans.

what wikipedia has done is mostly just a [open proxy ban](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:open_proxies) it's a bane for pretty much all networks and the administration of the network. it's fairly commonplace and while sad it has to come down to that, it's impossible to tell who is coming from a single ip. if it's coming from a single ip they may as well be one person.

if scientology wants to remedy this they can purchase a [/16 block of ip's or more.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ip_address#ipv4_private_addresses)

don't give me any victim crap, wikipedia did what it had to do as basic administrators using basic administration techniques. everyone can still post, they just can't post from that ip. big deal, they can go to a coffee shop and post or get a new ip. so yes everyone can edit at wikipedia. everyone(who hasn't done anything wrong) can still post, hell the people who are topic banned can still post if they go and create a new account at a different ip. false advertising? really? come on man, that's a horrible defense. who would seriously nitpik and cry about that? it's seriously shoddy.
[mammals](http://imgur.com/x1kec.png)
touché. when i think of george clinton, i think of the african-american funk musician, who on first glance is who google squared seemed to choose for the vice president picture. so in this particular instance, i stand corrected and thank you for teaching me something. that being said, google squared still has been shown to have numerous glaring errors, even just in the comments above.
hey guys. i thought i'd tap into the vast knowledge base and ask for recommendations.

i've seen a demo of livestream and it's pretty awesome. i was wondering if anyone knows of an alternative (floss?) that is available, as $350us a month for a student tv outfit really isn't affordable. 

we can host the software ourselves if need be. the free model doesn't suit too much as we're trying to avoid ads. 

anything that you think could help would be awesome :)
google squared couldn't automatically build a square about vagina.
but don't give up yet!
i don't know what it's supposed to do, but somehow i get even less relevant results than cuil. for example, searching for "perm, russia" gives me a completely different town nearby. looking for "bomb the music industry" gives me another band, "action action". what's the point of all this???
this is certain to make history classes for high-schoolers that much easier.
post something original or don't post at all. stupid wolfram queries were barely funny on the first day.
they have done it. they have finally created a cuil engine.

the circle is now complete.
just because it's microsoft, doesn't automatically make it bad.
you've got to cut back or you'll burn out.  cut back your hours, goals, or both.  i don't know if this is possible for your project, but build the skeleton and make it work, then later put in the meat that makes it good.  would you rather have a half finished project or a finished project with sections left to build/perfect?
no, i mean like physically changing to different tabs when you scroll over the tab bar. it's a default (or at least an option) in a lot of firefox gestures extensions, but i can't get it to do it in opera. i don't know why i like it so much, but it's so deeply ingrained in me over the past four years i really don't like going with out it.

edit: okay, i didn't understand what that setting did at first (i'm an idiot), but after trying the right click thing you described with it, it was definitely an improvement, though still not exactly what i am used to/want, but it's a start and looks really cool. 

somebody just needs to get in here right now and tell me to stop opening my damn mouth because i don't know what the hell i'm talking about when it comes to opera. 
no, but you can [square a circle](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=circle).
what a weak selection...
[dihydrogen oxide](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=dihydrogen+oxide) may cause severe burns. why is the the first thing to show up? :(

i don't know if i'm using this thing correctly. 
woohoo! mercury cars are the future of car pool!
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=cars
anyone now how to make the default ctrl+click/cmd+click perform open page in background tab?

firefox 3, firefox 3.5b4, safari 4, opera 10 beta. 
seems more suited to the apple subreddit. 
also, [blogspam](http://www.reddit.com/domain/trentlapinski.com).
this is not very relevant, given that the problem with firefox is that it leaks more memory than a firehose, and the real problems only show up after you have run it for a few hours.
"sound" is pretty good too

* earth is ray ferrier (played by tom cruise)
* jupiter is darksiders - vigil games [5.20.2009]
* pluto is brendan deasy
* venus is mono
* mercury is .07.
first of all, take the following with a grain of salt, as i am biased against .net for technical, and non technical reasons.

&gt; i work in c# for my day job so it was a natural choice to use it as the framework

this is probably a big problem. my 8hrs a day is .net as well. i always find it refreshing to working in something completely, different, normally python when i'm off the clock.
twitter will be history by 2011, it serves no real purpose and is an obvious trend for a certain class.  nothing it does is unique.  

as someone in the original post mentioned in the comments, the real interesting stat would be what percentage of tweets that people are receiving are actually read.  the signal-to-noise ratio will only increase and within a few months everyone will realize that twitter is basically a spam list you signed up for that can harass you via text message.
downmodded for taking credit for twitter, admitting you thought it was a good idea or worse, actually being the guy who made twitter ;-)
...and they'll make up the costs on volume!
facebook had a better interface than myspace, they ruined that a few months ago.  myspace is infinitely more usable and actually more appealing to use once you actually try it.  it only looks complicated.
to the point where after visiting myspace now i realize how much better it is in almost every way than facebook right now.
would people care if microsoft's name wasn't attached to it?
right, and once they realize they're not following who they think they are but rather some hired lackey or a robot they'll move on to the next celebrity stalking tool.
matters not since i don't plan on using a "smartbook". phone, laptop, desktop. no more room. 
and oxford university press published 5 of the top 7 religions.  they must have some great a&amp;r men working for them
yes, sony came up with a wii-killer. unfortunately for them, microsoft came up with a ps3 killer. 
anyone else loaded wolframalpha in opera 10 and it looks like the reuslts page is a compressed jpeeeggg

wtf? http://imgur.com/wy3yr.png
that's a hell of a storm to rock your world at 37,000 feet. 
i think they confused it with a transponder/satellite communication. 
this is how the register describes darpa

"darpa, the famed pentagon boffinry bureau occasionally beset by marble-localisation issues, has struck again."
no. a typo is when you misspell something because of typing mistakes. for example, when you 

you know what? never mind.
it's all in the way you search.  computers are not good at recognizing plain conversational english.
cool project.
yeah, thank goodness they haven't invented some massive network that would allow people all over the world to communicate and view other ideas...

oh, wait. they did.

the register is semi-sucky
my friend went to a google talk a few year ago, and they mentioned google sets. he said they couldn't think of anything useful to do with it, and if anyone had any ideas he'd love to know. 

it all goes back to that book with the biggest number in the world being a 10' tall 8, i forgot what it's called, something about a clock
little known fact: the queen costs microwave gas.
http://www.nvidia.com/page/handheld.html

look at the tegra 600 series - windows ce

so it windows ce with a custom ui on top

much like moblin and ubuntu netbook edition.

but to be honset it doesnt really matter what os is on these things as they are more in the phone -&gt; handheld gaming type of hardware, and on those no one worries about what the os is
google knows [gay porn](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=gay+porn).
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=porn+stars
this is also a beta and a lot harder than displaying email or finding sets of things (yes i know that that is part of google squared). they will continue to refine it and i think that it will become very useful and interesting for a few choice things but at the very least it will compete forcing others to get better as well.
yeah, really. the first things i tried to "square" were the words cunt and fucking. i was sorely disappointed with my results.
mikm, you are right, but it didn't catch my attention at all. i mean even the interface is not special at all. with all the money put in the development and marketing the engine, they should have investment a little more in the interface and make it attractive enough for people to enjoy their search. 
http://www.google.com/#q=lcd+panels+-monitors
loooool! the natal project sounds really cool
i haven't used bing, except accidentally when i noticed the live.com image search was moved to bing. microsoft's image search is far better than google's. more of the images actually pertain to your search words.
thank you!! not perfect but much faster than what i use now! much appreciated!
yey! google squarehead is live!
that penis square is disturbing
notice how the troll submitter "astralknight" deletes [all his comments](http://www.reddit.com/user/astralknight/comments/)
what's the difference between all-star and superstar?

i'm gonna assume all-star is better. woo! go 'nucks!
[robots](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=robots)

turns out isaac asimov is a robot with runtime of 85 minutes.
[metal](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=metal) is teh funneh.
http://my.opera.com/blazeix/blog/vimperator-for-opera

not tried it myself but should work as a poor man's vimperator.
i don't even know what the hell candlejack even
[fixed.](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=female+models#)
try [exoplanets](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=exoplanets). the distance column is nice.
um, what are wa and dc?
&gt;india is thanking you, come again!

ftfy2
kind of like, "let windows run on these wimpy *microcomputers*. they still need us for the big iron."

that went well last time around.
so viagra is bacon's revenge? i knew it!

\*goes to /r/conspiracy*
just fyi: latest stable opera is 9.64.
my bad.  you should've clicked the button that looks like a plus, which would've brought it up directly.  i rarely touch that feature, so i forgot.
it needs a lot of work:

http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=blind+guardian+discography

look how the demons and wizards album is supossedly recorded in 1972, when we all know that's the uriah heep one.
i'm not really impressed with bing yet.i liked the idea of the video search having the thumbnails play on roll over. but now every time i try to use this feature i get a flash error...
a search for [mammals](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=mammals) produces jaguar as the first row. jaguar the car. the class in this case is not "mammalia", but "luxury", even though family and genus are the cat's...
good eye!
well, bing just went up a notch in my book!  

that puts it at notch one.
yes, they "surrendered" a tiny market to linux. of course, they wont lose anything by doing so.
  
none of the x86 drivers would work on arm and none of the x86 applications will work without recompilation/code change. how many developers will buy a second computer to convert their applications? its one reason why the ppc mac's never took off. consumers wont want a computer which doesn't guarantee they can run whatever they want. 

sorry, arm has its uses, and lets be honest, people who are paying for arm aren't the target audience of microsoft anyway. arm is good for embedded devices, but nobody wants a netbook which can't do do what they want. 

and seriously, there are so many cheap intel laptops these days anyway... netbooks have a limited crowd. 
1‽
1 more than i though it'd be.
^this

you need to use keywords. try "domain name length limit"
the problem with this is that the way the web is organized today makes the task of making a service like g squared serve accurate and relevant data a near impossible task. according to my last search using squared boeing is the manufacturer of win xp and osx is published by kfc. 

let's just hope that future standards will improve the web's information and data semantical superstructure.
i'm enjoying adding "pokemon" to columns.

saturn is "special pikachu edition for gameboy".
xe.com
some of the coolest innovations come from humble, useless beginning.
i wonder how much microsoft paid them to say that.
chinese gov probably gave all major sites an ultimatum; shut down yourself somehow during the these days or we'll pull your plug. it's easy to see which sites conformed.
stupid question. of course these planes have gps. firstly, the coverage over center of the atlantic oceans probably isn't great. secondly, even if it was, the point is not that the plane doesn't know where it is, it knows exactly where it is. what we want is for it to transmit that data. 
and some of the most useless shit in the world comes from gigantic corporations trying to innovate. 
gps is passive and works through simply reading the timestamps of pings from multiple satellites. in the case of the blackberry, it's probably not true gps, but rather triangulation off of cell towers in which case the communication is two way since the towers know which phones they are communicating with.

gps sats are tx only.
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=types+of+potatoe
thus the cycle continues.
it does transmit it's data, just not continuously,
except one of wolfies strengths was supposed to be recognition of plain conversational english.
did you even read the article? the whole point was to illustrate the wide gap between the median and the average - to show how skewed the distribution was.

if it were, mahalo would be google today
i squared "space" and got only one result - science.  i squared "science" and space is the fourth result.  of course, if i type either in the "add items" box, the appropriate result comes right up.
электрические триммеры? этот субреддит для *новой* технологии. а тем больше, те, которые хотят найти электрические триммеры могут сами искать где угодно--так что извините, я голосую против.
that's what i use now but it's tedious. you can't do it in a one-line query.
seems to me to be nothing much beyond 1 abstraction higher over wikipedia infoboxes and categories combined.
how is this in any way useless?
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=pokémon
she's been fulfilling mine for months now, and i don't expect it to stop any time soon.
everything is not made to compete with everything else.
print newspaper-style hed. trent knows style.
i've seen it called *jamais vu*
i have the flashblock ff plugin installed. this fucks up bing's preview feature. when moving over a preview image it flickers back and forth between the activate-flash-element and the screenshot.

anyone experiencing this problem too?
wait.. people actually use bing?
worse:  http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=webkinz
for wa, you'd better know what molecules you're looking for. but if you know that, you can set up comparisons, yes.

e.g.

http://www61.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=caffeine,+lsd,+cocaine

it also knows brand names, e.g.

http://www61.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=prozac

one thing i hate with wa is that you can often not seem to make use of info it *does* have. for example, it knows that prozac above is used as a drug by those suffering from depression, or even bulimia nervosa. it has those in its "indication" field. but can you ask it something like "drugs where indication is bulimia nervosa"? no. :-( this is imho the most major failure of wa in general.
what do you mean?

sure, it can be used for leisure reasons, but nothing more.
i think torrent users are hollywood's worst customers when it comes to the theaters.  they download screeners because they don't want to shell out 8 or 10 dollars for a movie that ends up being a stinker.  then they tell the internets how horrible it is, taking more potential sales away.

hollywood counts on the unwashed masses who don't know any better lining up to see their low budget shit fest because "oh boy it's fast and the furious 7! i loved the first one so it has to be good".  they also make sure that the critics won't have a shot at it until opening day.
i want whatever it is you're smoking. sure, facebook's layout is terrible, but calling it worse than myspace is like saying that eating rotten food is worse than eating shit. yeah, both are revolting and completely unhealthy but i'd rather eat a brown apple than a black turd.
the correct name is for a message is 'tweet'. the correct name for a twitter user is 'twat'.
http://www.google.com/finance?q=usdeur

works for other currencies too.
thanks, but not even close to what i need :). it's very nice to see the evolution of currency parity over time of course but doesn't even keep the day-to-day historic values, if you go back a couple of years all you get is weekly averages. then again, even if it did, it would take longer to find the parity on a given date in the past, and after that i'd still have to use the parity to make the conversion i need.
*i* think it's plane crazy.
mommy, the totally free-created for academic research-used by millions people in the world search engine didn´t answer my retarded question, call the cops!!!
d'you have turbo on? because that's what it does.
yeah realized this before when it was on automatic. thanks for the definite confirmation though.
i bing you
true enough.  i've been quite pleased with my microsoft optical mouse.  it works very well in ubuntu.
&gt;first we saw the launch of wolfram alpha, a much-hyped project that tried to distinguish itself from google by claiming that it was not actually a search engine but rather a "knowledge engine." perhaps that's why it couldn't tell me anything i wanted to know.


tried to distinguish itself from google?
grr... stupid reviewer- no cookie!
still incorrect - how about you figure out why by yourself?
also the "size" of jenna jameson is 871.725 kb.
put in the number 4, get out 16. what's not to get?
except being an *automated* categorization?
'haynes' and 'wants', that should have been. goddamn not checking what i'm doing properly.

awesome idea, though!
[zune hd runs on tegra.](http://www.vimeo.com/4191921)
i think "semantic satiation" was the term i was looking for, but *jamais vu* is a cool name for it.  thanks!
no, it is merely a function of success.

you can decide how to react to it.

look, just trust me, this is just twisting things semantically:

what they have done is:

    if (a)
     b;
    else
     c;

but they have added layers of stuff to make it like

    if (t(a))
     m(b);
    else
     m(c);

but it is entirely the same thing.

if you unravel their code, their twisted thinking, and reduce the entropy they have created a single fucking switch statement, and this pisses me off no end.

i am a programmer, and i have at least 5 examples where people talk about emergent behaviour as:

    boolean x(): return !y;

    boolean y(): return a;

    boolean b(): return a || !x;

    b();

or some twisted shit. but if you unravel it, you get something like

    b == a.

see now?

so fuck them and their grants.


it is more annoying that nobody else sees this, probably because it is in /r/technology, and even programming is filled with enough wannabes that they don't know enough to understand it.
that's clearly not garbage out. i hadn't heard that 2 was out of print these days until i clicked that second link.
umm, i entered 2, and 4 did not come out. i am disappoint.
other good suggestions: 

- make parents pay a tax when they read to their children

- make people pay sales tax when they borrow a book from the library

- make people pay sales tax when they watch a movie at a friends house

- make people pay sales tax when they walk by a business that is playing music
i was seeing if i placed. :p
it's a clone of [freebase](http://www.freebase.com/).
ssds are cheap now?
&gt;only at venus, find the sexiest women's swimwear and clothing

man, that's a long way to go for swimwear.
ted.  well reddit too, but yeah, was talking about ted.
i'm predicting 4 years until google take the mantle of 'hated main money-grabbing monopoly holders' away from ms. i'm not bagging on google - i think they're awesome - but it's bound to happen sooner or later.
what makes you think it won't make it to the final release? i'll be very disappointed if it doesn't. 
first search, i tried testing if it was made literal enough for the real world.

"123" square it &gt;&gt; nothing

maybe i'm just expecting too much when they put "square it" on the button and i want to square a number.
these guys have been microsoft's paid shills since forever, so the only surprise here is that anyone still pays any attention to what they have to say.
meme^1
opera's new js engine isn't in opera 10, just some optimizations to the existing one. the new one is called [carakan](http://my.opera.com/core/blog/2009/02/04/carakan):

&gt; using a regular cross-platform switch dispatch mechanism (without any generated native code) carakan is currently about two and a half times faster at the sunspider benchmark than the ecmascript engine in presto 2.2 (opera 10 alpha).

&gt; the native code generation in carakan is not yet ready for full-scale testing, but the few individual benchmark tests that it is already compatible with runs between 5 and 50 times faster
my voyager-foo is weak:(
microsoft makes decent hardware. all their software is uniformly bad, unless they recently bought the company who makes the product (e.g. flight simulator).
this guy gets the point. windows without compatibility isn't windows. if anything winarm would just hurt micorosoft's image and cause a huge bungle.

netbooks make sense because you can do real work on them thanks to their ability to run full winxp. smartbooks are just pure browsing machines.
or: fox shoots it's load over bing.
yeah sure, if i knew how to do the 2 in superset font.
oh, well, i guess i read it as height before. 30pixels, that cannot be with everything, can it?

safari 4 beta (on mac) has got 56 pixels of chrome - with the bookmarks bar turned off and i thought that was thin. ([screenshot](http://dl.getdropbox.com/u/24582/chrome.png))
false advertising is *one* of my complaints against wikipedia.  the others are the nature of the administrators (who generally revert any edits you make), the censorship (try being critical of wikipedia on wikipedia -- even making a user name with "wikipedia" in it often results in an ip ban, not just a user name ban) and the "approved vandalizing" when people in power intentionally post biased information.  scientology's ban is only an example of these complaints; i'm not particular to their case anymore than that it has brought the depth of the complaints into the light.

wikipedia's current approach would be akin to saying "anyone welcome!" then saying "oh, you're wearing jeans?  not you.  you can go home, change into khakis and try again if you'd like, but no one wearing jeans can enter."  it's a generalization of the masses, rather than removing the problem.

i'm going to make another evidence here: most of the people in prison are black (per statistics).  just because of that fact, does that make it ok to treat blacks differently?  certainly not.  you address the individual.  you hold the individual responsible for their actions.  if a scientologist commit murder, i wouldn't defend them; but i also would criticize anyone who tries to make a connection by screaming "scientologist commits murder!" or "scientology kills people!" rather than "john doe killed someone!"

of course, i recognize wikipedia as a private company.  they're not a legal institution, and they *can ban anyone for any reason they want to*.  that doesn't mean i won't object.  my problem isn't even what they do - it's what they do considering how they present themselves.

if karl rove admit he was just trying to get the gop into power, and that he'd do whatever he had to in order to meet that objective, it would be considerably easier to give him some amount of trust, since he's being open and honest.  my problem with karl rove isn't his beliefs, it's that he twists and lies his way around to enact them.  (though i do disagree with his beliefs, but not so strongly as i oppose his actions.)

my problem isn't with wikipedia's "principles" - it's that i don't consider them to be following their own rules.
then remove those rows.  a system this sophisticated is going to require the input of uses, just as gmail's spam filter does.  people won't have to edit everything manually like they do on wikipedia, but they will have to provide feedback to google by making appropriate changes so that google can tweak the algorithm.
might be tough to get a signal from 2-3 miles under the ocean surface. plus i've heard that salt water can really jack with the electronic circutry.
how can you say it is useless?  i mean, you can find the weight of cool things like [math, science, philosophy and religion](http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=mathematics#table/agtwbimpp8iyph9wynjhtjba).

we can definitively say that:
math &gt; philosophy &gt; science &gt; religion
[it](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skin_depth) is probably less than a mm for gps signals (that are extremely weak).

as far as the black boxes go, i don't know what the design requirements are, but have seen a couple post crash and have strong doubt,s that they'd still be operational at the depths where the plane is suspected to have crashed.
http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=forces+of+nature
not clear on the downvotes. it's like someone telling you, "man, that cloud looks like a lion" and you say, "the fuck it does, man. you're total shit at the cloud game."
and xbox 360... wait, 109% failure rate is not decent.
you mean, they got a deal with google. that allowed them to release the (non-mobile) browser for free.
frankly, for a us defense project, $10m sounds like a bargain. i'm used to seeing a few more zeros on the end.
you have my bank account!
ah, you can never fix or build anything from a haynes manual. they always leave too much out. always get the factory shop manuals!
well, to quote someone (not sure who, may be a fictional character in a gerald weinberg book):

&gt; but your solution doesn't work.  if the solution doesn't have to work, then begin..end is a valid solution.

("begin..end" is presumably meant to signify an empty block in a language like pascal.)
ahh, hello, sir, this is rishi calling from totallyrandomservices, how are you today?
that's interesting but i was thinking of an mid.
ah, true. 
a fine coffee mist, emitted, will later be cleaned off my monitor.
i had one of their mice last nearly a decade, quality product.
oh my. when this launches, i will audibly squeal with delight. 
are you sure it doesn't work? looked at wolfram alpha recently? regular google web search? oracle databases? sorry but the op's position is absurd. organizing and shifting through extremely large sets of data is precisely the sort of thing that computers are much better at than human beings. sure, the technologies are nowhere near perfect, but compared to what? consider the absurdity of giving a human being a printout of every publicly accessible webpage on the internet and asking them to find you all the ones that contain the word "lolcat".
yea it gets very annoying

&gt; a stall at 35,000ft – the altitude at which flight 447 was cruising – is hard to recover from in still air. in the heart of a furious tropical storm at night, it could be near impossible. high-altitude stalls claimed several aircraft in the early days of jet aircraft. 

are there any airliner pilots here ?

why is 35000 feet not enough altitude to recover from a stall ?

as the plane looses altitude the air is getting "thicker", eliminating the high altitude stall issues, and then the pilot should have plenty of time/altitude to push the stick to clean the wings, and recover slowly. no ?


he didn't say *all* microsoft hardware was decent. ms fucked up the 360 but they do replace the faulty ones for 3 years so it's more of a pain in the ass than a rip off.
maybe the pilots were on break (goddamn unions).
&gt; a mere one-eighth to one-tenth the size and weight of modern batteries, while still carrying the same charge. alternatively, batteries using the new technology would last eight to ten times longer than modern batteries of the same size.

&gt; ... although they are not yet commercially available, making such a battery is expected to be cheaper. 

tesla problems solved?
assuming that we won't be doing any redesigning during assembly, one of our first problems will be to find a source of toggle switches and mechanical gauges.

for a sense of perspective, let's visit the smithsonian national air and space museum in washington d.c.  there they have mercury, gemini, and apollo space capsules that we can use to familiarize ourselves with some of the construction techniques.

the most amusing aspect of those capsules is the rows upon rows of toggle switches.  and those wonderfully retro mechnical gauges and indicators everywhere...

to the moon!
embedded silicon?  no more boob implants?  :(
[this](http://www.morghus.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/opera-ui.jpg) is how it looks. note the ******* titlebar taking up screen-estate, even though i've made edits to that as well (windows' bars are too big anyways)... :/

i wrote up a [quick guide](http://www.morghus.com/2008/11/26/opera-super-minimalist/) for a bunch of friends on how to get it that small a while back if it's of interest

*edit*
this setup is a must for me on laptops and netbooks. without it i'd go nutty.
if microsoft paid for this they should ask for their money back. 
thats why you only follow people who post meaningful info.  i have stopped following lots of people who only post tons of crap. 

the self-selection of who to follow solves the problem of the "spam list".  you're not *forced* to follow anyone.

and if nothing it does is unique, show me a similar service that can be used from the iphone to receive messages in a central location from friends, bars, athletes, celebrities, weather services, breweries, bands, music festivals, politicians, restaurants...
which makes it all the more mysterious why they think squared is going to be useful.
this seems to support microsoft's argument that they are not a monopoly because substitute products are available.
|that averages out to 2.92 mistakes per article for britannica and 3.86 for wikipedia. 

http://news.cnet.com/study-wikipedia-as-accurate-as-britannica/2100-1038_3-5997332.html
*summary:* sending video will be very common on the internet, says chambers.
&gt; the fall becomes violent and no doubt ripped the plane apart in midair.

my experience is only on glider (and as a beginner, i went solo three times, only soared on my own a few times), by my understanding is that there is little speed involved in a stall, the stalled wings prevent the plane from accumulating speed, that is why you need to push the stick to clean them up so that the aircraft can now accumulate speed and fly again.

i have seen somebody nearly breaking a pair of wings from a stall recovery that was too brutal, but i doubt that airline pilots would make that mistake, if anything, a high speed stall would likely happen before the wings broke.

i'd really like to get an answer from somebody who has flown airliners.
ok, why does this npr article have a picture of a cat with the caption "i can haz nukular prolifurashun"?? seriously, have things come to this? 
it can also tell you that earth has a population of 1,109 and mercury has a population of 52.6. and mars 1,746, making it actually more populous than earth.
if people can compare bing to wave, then they sure as hell can compare squared to wolfram.
so i'm not the only one that gets at least one of those calls per day i guess...
i've been using 3.5pre since a few weeks and it's pretty good and reliable. i only managed to crash it twice.
your myspace friends are clearly jackasses.  the basic site layout is fine
my point is that you don't actually want all of those notices.

yes, you can and have been able to receive all of those in one place for over 15 years: it's called an email inbox.  check it right now and i bet you'll find all those email notifications you signed up for, etc.

it's called spam.  it will get old when you realize that you're not actually consuming any of the data.  or are you the kind of person who walks down a street, gets a commercial message about a deal on shrimp and then walks into the restaurant?  
i'll bring the sandwiches!
while i disagree with .. well a lot of what you just said.. (people disagree with wikipedia all the time.. and if you put your user name as 'wikipedia' you're just asking for it, but a kindly groveling and apologizing e-mail would probably get you unbanned.) wikipedia certainly has admins that are corrupt, it also has admins that are over-worked, stressed, and tired of dealing with immature kids. it's hardly perfect, humans aren't. it's also a private company, but there are admins there that do try hard to make it a fair and decent place. you talk about generalizing and here you are doing it.

i've seen a lot of wikipedia-bashing, not just from you or the scientology crowd. it has it's ups-and-downs. it allows you to edit sure, but that's not going to be an easy road. nothing is easy.

i see it in a lot of open-source software too, a lot of politics, a lot of arguing and high and mighty pretentious snots. it's almost the nature of the beast.

and my 401k!

wait
maybe i'm just lucky, but my first try was: [first prime larger than 8192](http://www98.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=first+prime+larger+than+8192)
wa is wolfram alpha. owlmanatt's comment originally said he wrote a query for wa that worked to do such a thing.
oh come now.  surely they'd never stoop so low as to charge someone with tax evasion simply because there wasn't enough evidence for a conviction on other counts...


/s
interesting! i did not have google in [my results](http://www.google.com/squared/table/agjubg6ywsa8xu4lz_br-rzw). this must be a sign that it is becoming self-aware!
i only got the pig orgasm fact. do others get the same or different results? really curious!
wolfram|alpha works with domain specific datasets. it answers queries within the topics for which it has data. it does not try to figure out the answer to a random question that doesn't exist in one of its datasets.
the world doesnt need it.  
well, i don't pay taxes on the free samples i get at costco.
hahahahahah our firewall doesn't like bing... http://i41.tinypic.com/21ugpk.jpg
that's the only one i got too. i wasn't sure if everyone else would get the same thing but it looks like it.
we could probably redesign the interior. as i understand it, the computer on a cell phone is more powerful than the computer on apollo 11. imagine the weight we could clear if we updated the computers. a little netbook would do the trick. we could put some other cool stuff in too!


well, yeah, i mean who didn't see the video preview feature and automatically think 'this would be great for porn?'
&gt; a kindly groveling and apologizing e-mail would probably get you unbanned

yes, but i don't think ass-kissing should really be the qualifier.

&gt; you talk about generalizing and here you are doing it.

hmm, it does seem that way, huh?  when talking about admins, i was thinking specifically of the ones i've had problems with in the past, not nesc. all of them (though come to think of it, i haven't directly encountered any who *haven't* been threatening me; i suppose the nice ones are too busy actually working).

&gt; it's almost the nature of the beast.

yes, i've had it a policy to skip wikipedia for: politics, religion, other partisan topics.  however, this move has made me lose respect for their highest authorities, and has pushed me further away.  with google squares and wolfram|alpha i'm not sure wikipedia will really provide much more data than i need anyway.
upmodded in hopes that in future you understand sarcasm.
must be the new ones,  as the one i have here for my car has been invaluable. a little yellowed and dog eared, plus trying to figure out what the hell duckhams hypoid 80 fluid is supposed to be can get a bit tiresome... but as a whole a lifesaver.

getting an original range rover manual costs like $300...
don't give 'em any ideas.
planes are designed to handle high speeds. descending under the force of gravity should not be enough to rip a plane apart. i believe the only way the fall would have become so violent that it would rip the plane apart would be if the plane was descending under the combined forces of engine power and gravity, which means it either wouldn't have stalled, or would have been able to recover from a stall.
from all of the preliminary reports i've heard so far, it sounds like the plane broke up mid-flight, so it is a possibility.
i think the real question is in today's modern world how the fuck don't they know what happened.  

why isn't the flight recorder data streamed back to the airport at all times via satellite or such ?

the new airbus is not a safe design i think this is becoming clear. they've had several crashes and it seems the size of the plane is likely a factor. 
well, if it were interpreted that way, it would be a criminal legal matter (rather than civil) and the owners of copyrights that had been infringed wouldn't see anything come of it directly.

also, wouldn't the two groups be going after different targets?  copyright holders want to shut down the file sharers (for breach of various elements of copyright) while the states would (presumably) be pursuing the file downloaders.
lawmakers vote for such laws?  finally a justfication for waterboarding....
no one tell them about smuttt.com !!
my early 80's suzi's manual has everything in it to keep it going so far.
returns a nifty list of marijuana strains: http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=marijuana+strains
let's put hydraulics and rims and a body kit on it. pimp my spacecraft! 
i know that was an issue in the past, but i haven't noticed that in ff3.
i've had various nissan (and rover) one's all spot on.
this is pure laziness, but is it possible to theme opera?
if only civil and criminal prosecutions were mutually exclusive.
keep your editorial conclusions out of the headline please. that's what comments are for.
there's something i've been wondering lately... isn't a government supposed to work **for the people**?
i agree, the force of gravity is not going to rip the wings off the plane in a stall.
do a barrel roll.
i would love to see a pdf of this.
do you work for boeing or something? this isn't a new model, it's been flying for 15 years. there has been only one a330 crash before this one, and that was during testing in 1994.
only if the recovering was pooched up.  the airspeed during a spin would be low all the way down, but if they began spin recovering and unstalled the wings, the plane would quickly gain speed.  most small planes i've flown will tend to overspeed quickly without care, i'd expect an airliner to take longer and be easier in this regard.
you'll have to harden the computer.
well it's still in google labs, it's most likely a quick fix to what could potentially be a bit competitor.

gotta love competition.
in this time, the most precious substance in the universe is the porn.
thanks fox, i use it from now on. :)
yeh!  and how much did it cost to get wozniak to say he liked it, too!

fucking tool.
just load the netbook with "lunar lander"
&gt;remember the glomar, the howard hughes built secret ship that was used to recover a sunken russian submarine at a depth of 17,000 feet, and which has the capability to drill to 30,000 feet? why can't it be used to recover the black box?

because the black box is a tit bit smaller, and the location is not known. what a silly place to answer this question btw.
mine too! although negative money cannot be used to buy much
hell yeah. shotgun being pilot!

as has been mentioned in other comments, since we would save space on the controls, we could bring more people, party in space!

also have you ever seen this?  
[build your own nasa apollo landing computer](http://www.galaxiki.org/web/main/_blog/all/build-your-own-nasa-apollo-landing-computer-no-kidding.shtml)


so it's stalking to read what someone publically writes?
rover eh? so that explains the leaking
making porn is hard.  watching it is easy.
who votes for this crap?!
i'm only a private pilot, but it seems like the problem wasn't really the stall, but that the recovery in that weather would cause structural damage.

big commercial jets aren't designed to perform aerobatics, so the fuselage and wings may bee subject to a few more g's than they could handle during a stall recovery attempt.  though considering that, i wouldn't say it was the stall that caused the crash, but the weather preventing the stall recovery (and likely the reason for entering the stall in the first place).
ha ha!  thanks!  i needed that.  whoa boy was that one rich.  
where did you get that idea?

can you show me one government that does such outrageous things?
specifically what's meant by that is a small cadre of really wealthy people at your 1000$ a plate fund raising dinners. those are the people that refers to.
you haven't been paying attention to who the thousands of people that have been sued by the riaa are, have you?
what is it about buying things on the internet that make people on reddit think it should not be taxed?  everything else is.

the part about going after unauthorized downloaders as tax evaders is also rather absurd.
oh cool.

tsar alexander ii was succeeded by margaret of scotland, countess of kent.

you learn something new every day.
so, if you're reading aloud from a book and someone hears you, are you also liable for tax evasion and/or piracy?

where will the stupidity end?
it works for the people who are involved in it.
you answered the first part of your statement with the second part.
one use for this would be to compare financial information, it doesn't seem to understand any such terms, hell it even gets revenue most of the time.
like so many people on cheap package holidays, you're confusing the brochure publicizing government with the way government actually works. the brochure promises you wonderful things (like a government of the people, for the people, by the people) while the actual product is more down-to-earth (government feeding on the people, by attention whores and for the benefit of the highest bidder).
torture, lol!
&gt; india says this isn't a library, either buy that magazine or get out of india's shop.

ftfy
i don't see how.  care to explain?
i'd feel safer with a machine designed for and dedicated to the purpose. i bet the apollo 11 computer never crashed or hung or had a kernel panic or installed spyware.

maybe a ti-86 would be all right.
isn't this why one uses their neighbors unsecured wifi.
what?  they aren't mutually exclusive, but the riaa would still never see the tax money that the state tries to collect.
how's that kool-aid taste?
we are all al capone.
yes, but my understanding was that the riaa was targeting uploaders, and the large volume uploaders in particular.  of course, many p2p users leave the default uploading settings enabled.  i was under the impression that the riaa sued for the sharing of songs and not for possession anymore.
one small publication for man, one giant geek reference for mankind.
sure.  but in order to work, it needs to enough funds to operate.  it's amazing how many people think things can just appear out of thin air.  the us has some of the lowest taxes in the world and it is one of the reasons why are debt is so high.
anyone else notice the slick google redirect trick here? article is actually on techdirt.com, not google.com as indicated by reddit. 
the burden of proof in a criminal case (tax evasion) is much higher than the burden of proof in civil cases.  as we've seen with most, if not all, of the riaa cases, the evidence is shaky *at best*.

example:  oj was found guilty in a civil suit because the burden of proof was lower.
climbing through a few articles from here, i found [this link](https://eastore.ea.com/drhm/servlet/controllerservlet?action=displayorderinformationpage&amp;siteid=ea&amp;locale=en_us&amp;env=base):

&gt; tax for digital downloads purchased is assessed for the following states/provinces: arizona, district of columbia, hawaii, indiana, illinois, kentucky, michigan, minnesota, new york, texas, washington, louisiana, massachusetts, new jersey, ohio, pennsylvania, tennessee, wisconsin, connecticut, kansas, nebraska, utah, alberta, british columbia, manitoba, new brunswick, newfoundland and labrador, northwest territories, nova scotia, nunavut, ontario, prince edward island, quebec, saskatchewan, yukon.

presumably ea knows their stuff about paying taxes.

it looks like there were failed attempts to impose similar taxes in california, iowa, new york, and wisconsin.  that doesn't mean it won't happen, i notice that new york is on ea's list.

finally,

&gt; north dakota gov. john hoeven on march 19 signed into law a measure to explicitly exempt digital goods [...]

http://news.cnet.com/8301-13578_3-10219578-38.html
they don't charge people who steal physical goods with tax evasion, they wouldn't be able to do it here either. 

stop fearmongering, pirates always have and always will win the day.
the key is "hard to recover from in **still** air". stalls happen when the speed drops below the point at which lift overcomes gravity. the typical response to a stall is to gain speed, which means to point the nose down (to get gravity to help you in increasing speed), and throttle up.

however, in order to point the nose down, you need to use the control surfaces on your plane, to create a force which pushes the nose down. the force generated by the control surfaces is proportional to the air speed across the surfaces. imagine an airplane standing still on the ground. it could tilt its wing/tail control surfaces any which way, and yet generate no lift.

so when you have insufficient airspeed (still relative to the plane), you may not be able to even generate sufficient force to point the nose down, and thereby recover from the stall.

why would you have insufficient airspeed? well, they were flying through a storm. if the pilot had cut speed (which they do in turbulence, though not much), **and** got caught in a sudden draft in the same direction as its direction of flight, there would be a sudden lowering of relative air speed. storms can easily produce drafts of 100 mph or more. a drop of 100 mph in relative speed might be sufficient to stall the plane, and also decrease relative air speed to the point where the aircraft responds too sluggishly to controls to point the nose down immediately. add to that the fact that the air is very thin at 35,000 feet and so you need even higher speeds to generate enough force to change the pitch.

of course, the real situation was probably more complex than that. we don't know the exact circumstances yet. perhaps the aircraft was actively maneuvering in some way, climbing, banking, fighting an updraft or downdraft. in such conditions the margins can get even tighter, depending on what the aircraft was doing. if you're in a steep climb, for example, the angle of attack of your wings might be much closer to critical than if you were in level flight.

i suspect we will find it was some combination of what the pilot happened to be doing at the time, plus an unexpected draft of wind. regardless, if the plane had been doing the same thing at a higher speed, its margin of safety regarding stall would have been higher, hence the warning not to throttle down too much.

as for the altitude, it works both ways. on the one hand, at 35,000 feet you have more room down below to recover from the stall. on the other hand, the air density is low, making it harder to recover quickly. if the stall continues long enough before it's controlled, the plane may start spinning, rolling, pitching tail down, etc. all the while gaining speed from gravity. so when the plane falls a few thousand feet and the air does become dense enough, the plane is already at such a weird angle that the forces just tear it apart rather than allow it to be brought back under control.

these things are not very common, but they do happen sometimes. considering that they were in the middle of a storm, at night, it's possible that bad things started to happen, and even if the pilots started to take corrective action, the storm winds and darkness confused them.
and my axe!
[i wouldn't be so sure](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apollo_guidance_computer#pgncs_trouble). 
apparently they actually had a few program alarms when landing and had to disable it and land manually.
just in case it's not clear what amillionnames is referring to, here's a link: [radiation hardening](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radiation_hardening)

they'll also need a rocket :-)
&gt; "still air" (still relative to the plane)

no, still air means non-turbulent air, not that the plane has no airspeed.
&gt;what is it about buying things on the internet that make people on reddit think it should not be taxed? 

because buying things over mail order was never taxed either.  
no you couldn't.

you could under a strict reading of the q and a but that's not the bill.  the bill has more explicit language.  
it's all about interstate commerce.

you can't charge a state sales tax on something you actually didn't physically purchase in that state.

mail order catalogs work the same way. 

once you start taxing interstate commerce. you'll see a flood of problems. an example is each state that the package travels through on the way to it's destination would want a piece of the action.

specifically in washington -  
house:

 voting yea:  representatives appleton, blake, carlyle, chase, clibborn, cody, condotta, conway, darneille, dickerson, dunshee, eddy, ericks, finn, flannigan, haigh, hasegawa, hudgins, hunt, hunter, jacks, kagi, kenney, kessler, kirby, linville, maxwell, mccoy, miloscia, moeller, morrell, morris, nelson, o'brien, ormsby, orwall, pedersen, pettigrew, quall, roberts, rolfes, santos, seaquist, sells, simpson, sullivan, takko, upthegrove, white, williams, wood, and mr. speaker 

senate:

 voting yea:  senators berkey, brown, eide, fairley, franklin, fraser, hargrove, haugen, hobbs, jacobsen, jarrett, kastama, kauffman, keiser, kilmer, kline, kohl-welles, marr, mcauliffe, mcdermott, murray, prentice, pridemore, ranker, regala, rockefeller, shin, and tom 

i personally know one of the reps in this district, and he sure is lucky he voted nay, i would have given him an earfull.

the only reason they have been doing that is that there are so many uploaders and its easier to both find and sue them.

but don't kid yourself, they have been praying(and lobbing) for a law like this.

they consider even the transferring of music from your cd to your ipod to be infringement so they defiantly want to stop all the downloaders.

though thinking about it, it is the prison industrial complex that should be celebrating the most right about now. they could barely keep up with the potheads that were being sent to them, now they will be getting contracts to build countless new prisons for downloaders!
you're right that this is probably the meaning the author had in mind. however, the rest of the explanation stands, since stalls are in fact caused by air not moving fast enough across the airfoil to generate sufficient lift, while the airfoil is at or under its critical angle.
i say they should institute beard-taxes again. not only beards, but all hair. 
i'm pretty sure they already tax digital downloads here in wa.
i think that has less to do with the rights of taxation and more to do with the scale of mail order shopping before the internet.


&gt;the value is the purchase price of the digital product

yeah, i don't buy my torrents, and you can't track my torrents. a new way of it being illegal isn't going to deter anybody.
[spitfire](http://www.haynes.co.uk/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/productdisplay?catalogid=10001&amp;storeid=10001&amp;productid=44001&amp;langid=-1). want.
costco is only open to members so you have already paid for those free samples when you bought the privlage of shopping at costco
oj illegally downloaded music? my god, what crime hasn't that guy committed
it's not gravity that causes structural damage, it's the centripetal force coming out of the stall. to recover from the stall, the idea is you pitch down to gain enough speed then right the plane back up slowly to translate the vertical speed into horizontal speed. an airliner is really heavy so i imagine it gained vertical speed very quickly. if you come out of that too quickly, the centripetal force will stress the wings downward, normally the plane doesn't experience that sort of stress.
i don't pay taxes on the free samples i get at trader joe's, whole foods, ...
ok
they do require you to go out of your way to file and pay taxes on things you purchase on the internet.


i do not honestly know, but that very well might already cover digital downloads.

earlier this year, i was at the museum of science in boston, where i saw the source code for apollo 11's landing sequence.  it's maybe a foot and a half tall, and made of fortran punch cards.

see [here](http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/news.php?id=248).
i get mine on ebay. i have to be patient, but i have factory shop manuals for all my vehicles except for the subaru: i found a pdf copy of its  factory manual on a russian website.
why does a valid question rate such a response and so many downvotes?
depends what you have to do. if you have to dive into the engine or drivetrain, you'll find stuff missing.
q: why don't the british make stereos?

a: they haven't figured out a way to make 'em leak oil yet.
if you name the column "cuils," with an s, it says: 

&gt;you awake as a hamburger
&gt; awesome idea, though!

if you say so yourself.
yes, that's why they need to have taxes, so you can have nice things like roads and hospitals. i don't really see what's the big deal with taxing digital downloads. you have to pay sales tax when you go to the store to buy software/music; with digital downloads you are getting the products more conveniently and for lower prices. does reddit just feel entitled to get everything for free?
the internet has drastically changed the way things are done and like it or not sales tax is an important source of revenue for states.

it is an issue and an important one that we have to face, like it or not.   i don't claim to have a solution for all the problems but to just ignore the issue because of potential problems that will have to be ironed out is not a way to create public policy.

the state wants yet more money and is willing to hurt you to get it? you don't say.
when they don't get money from it
this is assuming the aircraft was falling in a nose down attitude.  think of the elevator and horizontal stabilizers as the fins on an arrow.  they keep the nose flying first.  in the thin air at that altitude, a high speed wing stall could cause the aircraft to tumble or [tailslide](http://www.nationmaster.com/encyclopedia/aerobatic-maneuver) as the control surfaces are not as effective.  commercial airliners are not designed to endure these kids of stresses, and could easily shear the wings or cause the fuselage to fold.

[an illustration.](http://i44.tinypic.com/29mq13a.png "© 2009 eatsleepjeep, llc.")
you just used the phrase "digital downloads" twice, as if it meant something. i mean, really?

moreover, this phrasing:

&gt;if the digital product is acquired by means other than a purchase, the value of the digital product is determined by the retail selling price of a similar digital product.

implies that downloads of free and open-source software would also be taxed. are you really in favor of that?
looks like the state of washington should be renamed to the state of microsoft, since those fucks nickel and dime you for every fucking thing.
it does work for the people... the rich people.
no, we'd just rather pay for it ourselves rather than the state extorting it from us.
which state is wa? i want to never buy anything from there ever :d
that's it own fault. i didn't go in there and tell them to waste all their money and overextend themselves.
&gt;they don't charge people who steal physical goods with tax evasion, they wouldn't be able to do it here either.

they can, they just don't because they can stick them with more severe charges.

tax evasion is a common "fall back" charge when you can't get someone for a real crime.  see: al capone, pot dealers, etc.
you're already paying taxes for your internet connection. the backend folks have paid taxes for the storage infrastructure. this is taxing a stream of bits &amp; bytes.
yeah i meant the haynes manual was an awesome idea, but come on: building a rocket to the moon's got to rock too, right?
thank you, a lot of very good points, some of them i never thought of (i always assumed that you could always recover from a stall).
and those who pay their bribes.

... too obvious?
unless you count the time spent on the can because someone with some ick fondled a chip before you.
i'm no pilot, but i suspect that a stall to thunderstorm (with lightning and tennis ball sized hail) might do the trick
i can't help but wonder if reanimated is some type of seo dude.

i can't think of any other good reason to link to google as opposed to the real site. he doesn't post comments... he deletes all the posts that don't get good up-mods.

obviously some of his submissions are good for discussion, but i smell seo.
there has to be some type of compensation exchanged for it to be tax evasion. 
you mean spiral dive ?

recovering from a spiral dive is delicate, but again, the difference between the spin and spiral dive (airspeed, g's) is taught early on in flying, and so are the recoveries. confusing those is not the sort of mistake i'd expect an airline pilot to make.

murder.
sweet!
they could just sue everyone who's charged by the state with tax evasion for this reason.

personally, i don't really see people being brought up on criminal charges for this -- i see it as a way for washington state to get a few more bucks in tax revenue.  if they treat downloads like they treat stuff you order off the internet, then there will probably be a choice on your taxes to either tell them the value of everything you ordered/downloaded and then calculate the state sales tax, or you can choose to just pay them $20 or so and be covered for everything for the year (at least that's the way ny does it).  if you chose option b, they'd have no case against you even if you downloaded the entire riaa catalog via torrents.

furthermore, most of the time if you underpay your taxes, they won't charge you, they'll just send you a bill for what you owe plus interest.

but who knows, really.  i guess we'll see.
maybe you didn't, but someone did. as a matter of fact, a lot of someones. we elected bush twice.
what's in your wallet?
if i understand what is being said on [this page](http://dor.wa.gov/content/getaformorpublication/publicationbysubject/taxtopics/digitalproductsqa.aspx) (scroll down to the "exemptions and exceptions" section), there is a tax exemption for software that is free. however, i know very little about the tax code, so please correct me if i'm reading it incorrectly.
so if you buy and download something legally but forgot to claim use tax on your tax return, then you are up for tax evasion charges. if you just download something illegally on p2p, you'll almost never be charged with anything.
i always thought the black box had a homing beacon in it so that it could be tracked and found.
why do we have to have a two minutes hate about fox in the technology subreddit?  i unsubscribed from /r/politics for a reason.
how is this relevant?

as consumers, we have a choice of what to use. we generally choose to use that which is best for our needs. the intentions of the creators are irrelevant.

if a &gt; b, then a &gt; b. it doesn't matter if a wasn't "made" to be compared to b.
&gt; there is a use tax exemption for the recipient of digital products given away for free.

oh, hm. i wonder what that first paragraph was intended to refer to, then.
why don't they tax drinking water?  
because they already do...

unsecured wifi "borrowing" ftw!
why are you lying?

fta: "the hospital continued to operate normally while it staff grappled with the infection. he stressed that __patients were not affected by the incident,__ which was resolved in a matter of hours."
the phrase you quoted is also found on the that page.
for thin clients 16 mb is more than enough. and 16 mb ssd is cheap.

heck even 32 mb ssd are cheap now.


&lt;kif&gt;ugh....&lt;/kif&gt;
i didn't see a library exception.
1. shift-f12, «find more skins» - alternatively [go here](http://my.opera.com/community/customize/skins/) to find a skin that suits you
2. as for theming in the sense of adding or removing ui elements: almost any button or toolbar in opera accepts right-click, where you can remove or customize.
3. buttons are an extension point for opera: you can add custom buttons, with custom actions. [here are some](http://operawiki.info/custombuttons), and [some more](http://operawiki.info/powerbuttons)
4. toolbars and menus can also be customized. see [here](http://operawiki.info/webdevtoolbar) for instance.

this should cover 95% of theming and customization needs.
people go ballistic over fox, since it makes being stupid easy
except the close button for the blogspam above is on the other side. besides that, exact same gui.
thanks.
tips: this reddit is for new technology developments - please post articles on internet law, disputes and issues such as copyright...cybercrime... to r/cyberlaws...

thank you! your friendly backseat moderator,

creativeembassy
ew.
how many ip addresses do we have left?
who is the smart ass that suggested such an idiocy? i have just written a hello world application that i'm selling for 1 billion $ and i'm willing to send it to him/her as an email attachment. of course, with cc: irs.
woot!  go nd!
sounds ok. although i still think bands should produce music for free and then just have concerts and some form of online donations box if you downloaded an album and liked it. might even get rid of a few of the gold digging pop acts that are just an arse and some audio tweaks. 

but this also seems a nice option. 

to be honest i don't have a real solution i just think the current pricing system is awful.
you haven't been watching the news lately huh? 


q: why did the british invent warm beer?

a: lucas fridges.
west arkansas.
this is like an auction where the selling price is determined by [the wisdom of crowds](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_wisdom_of_crowds). 

the early bird gets the worms for free. even better:
&gt;we then encourage you to talk about the music you like by putting money in your account for more downloads when you recommend songs that continue to rise in price.

shotgun! i'm captain!

and my first act as commondeering captain will be to grant your request to pilot this ship. 
the important questions rarely have "right" answers. 

wolfram alpha doesn't know if it's right or wrong and can only tell you it can't parse your question or can't calculate an answer. just because it calculates an answer doesn't mean it is correct.
since half of obama's cabinet are tax cheats, i don't think downloaders have much to worry about.
he's an anti-ms troll, he'll post anything article that can somehow be interpreted as being bad for ms. funny enough, there's no mention of what operating systems were affected in the article.
everyone here is an expert.
i find it ironic that you're saying i'm a whiny baby, when you can't even bare to deal with valid criticisms raised in all the comments here.
yes i see what you mean from his user history. but his comments on the hospital virus (see his recent history) really go beyond "strong opinion" or even "troll" territory and well into "lying" and even "slander" territory. it's not ok.
for those of us on the other side of the pond, it's available for [pre-order on amazon](http://www.amazon.com/nasa-apollo-owners-workshop-manual/dp/1844256839/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1244137725&amp;sr=8-1).
maybe it's supposed to protect people's right to work for themselves? anyway, this sort of thing is likely to become a lot more common.
this is crazy... when you steal something your not charged with tax fraud, your charged with theft. the same should apply to pirated materials. 
i am not sure what this is for exactly. but y'all have your panties in a bunch over it, so it must be cool
*you're nothin but a lotta talk and a badge!*
damn chip fondlers!
oooohhhhhhhh yeaaaaaaaah!
wew alaska.
opera and apple working together would only result in awesomeness.
at least for the state of washington, this is a symptom of a much larger problem:  the regressive sales tax and the unwillingness to entertain discussion of switching to a more progressive--or at least neutral!--tax structure.
&gt; the new airbus is not a safe design i think this is becoming clear. they've had several crashes and it seems the size of the plane is likely a factor.

that's why. that statement is absurd. he talks about the "new airbus" as if airbus only makes one model of plane, and as if the a330 in question is a new model (it isn't.) then he talks about this one model crashing all the time, when in reality, the a330 has never before had an accident in commercial service.  and then he talks about the size of the plane being an issue, which is odd, because not only does the size of the aircraft have nothing to do with it crashing or not, there are many airliners that are either comparable in size to or significantly larger than the a330 (see airbus a340, a380, boeing 777, 747, et al.)

i would assume had he just asked the question, the downvoters would not have been so harsh.
yay!  now are you a cool captain who will allow rum on the ship?  trying to go for an entire space pirate thing
what's worse.. if i download a legal, free mp3 from a band's myspace page, it could be argued that i need to pay taxes on that because the band is selling the same track on itunes for 99 cents.

obviously nobody would prosecute people for a small handful of legal downloads, but the fact that the wording is so unclear as to require the use of the "spirit of the law" argument is troubling.
meanwhile microsoft avoids paying state taxes with some ridiculous office in reno, nv.

http://www.google.com/search?q=microsoft+washignton+tax+nevada
if you buy something from the same state then it is.
radio seems a bit weird, as the only input to the bullets is the distance at which detonation should occur, effectively the time until detonation. wouldn't it be simpler to use some in-barrel method to program the shells?
better nickel and dime then lincoln and hamilton. 
how can they tax something that is free?
what does how huge mail order shopping was have to do with it?
it has a water-activated sonic beacon that pings once per minute.  but the range is highly dependent on terrain, whether the box is trapped inside wreckage, and thermoclines. 
well... not if they are in the cabinet.
you mean now they can tax things that are intangible??

what next? taxing our labor?!
trucking companies do not pay a tax to the states they travel through, besides any fuel purchased while in that state. seems to work just fine that way.
what about some balloons? dhs makes it difficult to buy / build a rocket these days.
the interesting thing is, that there were four minutes of problems being reported and during that time, there was no mayday from the pilots - yet the plane was structurally together enough to allow the systems to function which sent those messages. i was reading some comments by a pilot on another internet site the other day - and he thinks that this might mean that there was a quick enough and catastrophic enough decompression of the passenger cabin and cockpit, to make everyone unconscious instantly.
from the spec http://klabs.org/history/build_agc/
one of these might do http://www.atmel.com/dyn/products/tools_card.asp?tool_id=3146
that is pretty standard tax code speak, like gifts can be taxed. pretty much there to close loopholes like buying a subscription to a service (untaxed) that gives you "free" software downloads to avoid paying taxes. we'd need a tax lawyer's confirmation on this tho, ianal.

it could be made to apply taxes to software piracy, but it is probably not cost beneficial to go after individual pirates unless its part of an existing audit. while checking the books, they will review the stores software to see that all taxes are paid, but tracking what everyone is downloading, figuring out the cost and correct taxes, then seeing if the people list it in the unpaid sales tax spot on their tax returns probably has a cost that outweighs the benefit.

do they speak english in wa?

say wa again motherfucker!
um... the more money being spent the more of a will and need there is to tax it?

honestly you couldnt figure this out on yourself?  you think people want to have a sales tax on internet shopping because they hate the internet? 
i don't really understand how this is a response to my post.
that's already happening today.

the big thing states are pissed about is that no one is getting the out of state taxes.   amazon charges wa tax to wa shipments.   so if you live in vancouver, wa, it's to your advantage to have stuff shipped to portland.

but what the turd heads don't realize is that vancouver, wa residents probably do most of their shopping in portland anyway.  
carl's jr.  would you like another extra big ass fan?
i think mechanical/optical/electrical systems are more prone to failure in the real world.

the bullets are programmed in the barrel, but via a short range radio.
that isn't a valid reason to downvote someone to -10.
what method did you use to disable it? i used the registry method and it worked fine for me.
so maybe it didn't detach from part of the plane and it all sunk down to the bottom of the ocean? makes sense.
the underwater/emergency locator beacon yeah, but i think it's fairly short-range. they're trawling a 200-mile stretch and the beacon only has a range of a few thousand meters. which means it probably barely even get out of the water (howstuffworks says the range of the beacon is ~14000ft, and the depth of the crash site is apparently ~12000ft)
did anyone notice the hayes manuals for spitfires and lancasters? i didn't know hayes made such cool non automotive materials.
word!

rum? buddy, we will have a distillery and grow room. 

this is going to be a long trip ya know. 

 
someday the mountain might get 'em but the law never will.
i salute your gallant leadership
pay a neighbor kid to go to the website and click through all the pages.
funny part is, this would make piracy beneficial to the government. now, when people pirate tons of music, movies, and software, the government can get taxes on it. new york state got $17b in the first two years it had an unpaid sales tax spot on its tax forms.
with little knowledge about explosives, i'd like to see the boom made by the bullet. its hard to imagine something that small killing someone by explosion.
not this shit again 

amirite /r/marijuana ? 
²?
fondling chips is only considered unnatural by society!  it's entirely consistent with human nature!
a friend went to china and said that it was the land of iphone fakes. he said his cab had a toyota steering wheel and a mercedes emblem on the hood with a ford look a like body. i didn't believe it until he showed me pics on his cell phone.
you're already paying taxes on your car and your fuel. the store owners have paid taxes on the building *as well as the product you're about to pay taxes on*.
the was plenty of money being spent on mail order shopping when it was big. no, i think that governments of all sizes look to where they can get money, regardless. 
i don't see how anything on the internet is anything other than uploads and downloads. so visiting every website would be taxed, etc...
*golfclap*
plenty of money doesn't really mean anything. 

places like qvc and hsn began charging taxes on everything they sold a long time ago.

your last point is correct and is my point. but the political will was not there for mail orders because it pales in comparison to the amount of money being moved around through internet sales.
go into the control panel, security center. click on the left side where it says "change how security center notifies me" or something to that effect. click on "don't notify me and don't display the icon" or whatever the bottom button is. voila!

if i didn't remember the labels correctly it's because i don't actually have vista and that was from memory.

and no, you don't need uac it's a useless feature.

--fcod
fuck, and i was considering moving to wa. oh, well.
can't we start a new internet already?
i know.  i gave it 5 and it gives me yahoo, perl, and hurricane katrina.  that is at least a one cuil response.
&gt; catastrophic enough decompression of the passenger cabin and cockpit, to make everyone unconscious instantly.

at 35,000 feet?   even the worst case gives you a few seconds to get the o2 mask on.
walabama
states don't want to tax the stuff they export, because they like exports - it means money is entering the state economy, generating more income tax from the same tax rate.

sure they would probably *like* to impose a tax on their own people when they buy stuff from other states, but that is virtually impossible, as no state wants to make their businesses enforce up to 49 other states' tax codes.
lan
this is not a bill about online sales of physical items. the problem i see is that everyone else is going to try and get a cut. and the state has already made its cut on the service you use to acquire the "product". unlike a physical good, a digital download imparts no cost to the state, and thus in my mind the state has no claim to any tax on it. the state down not own or maintain the infrastructure that moved the "goods" to you, and you have already paid the party that does.
would the outcome of a "tax evasion" case benefit the state or riaa .. (probably the state)
apparently it is true based on my -4 points. i didn't realize redditors take their untaxed chip fondling so seriously.
i think if you have a good anti-virus program, and you know not to go through every untrustworthy website, you should have no use for it. 
clearly you've offended the free sample lobby.
i'm by no means an expert on this.  the riaa would probably benefit in terms of a propaganda war, but i don't recall ever hearing of a monetary judgment being awarded in criminal cases.  however, if you were convicted of this in a criminal case, a civil case should be a lock.
hmmm ... i'm not sure if i agree.  hollywood looses money on most of the movies it produces.  the few block-busters that it puts out wind up bankrolling the entire studio.  so, they already operate on the model that most of what they produce is a sunk cost that they won't recover.  maximizing the payoff on the block-busters is going to be a pretty effective way to increase profits.  so, if people who use bittorrent are going to talk shit about your crappy movies, it's not a big loss.  but, when they rave about the good movies you put out, it plays right into your business plan.
i saw those in the airport in punta cana dr.  almost took a picture, but didn't think i wanted the attention.

great name for a great product (moved alot of air around)
my original comment was about the general attitude of people who think no internet sales should be taxed. 

you, however make good points in regards to digital content.
not really, if you're looking for large rectal ventilation devices.
"succeeded by" means the oilers won the cup the year after the islanders.
&gt; yes, that's why they need to have taxes, so you can have nice things like roads and hospitals. 

that's what you've been told.  in reality, roads and hospitals have existed before and without taxes.  just as music and other forms of art have existed before and without copyright.

don't believe the myths that others use to enslave you.
wow, something good from nd for a change.  now all those fetuses won't have to pay tax on digital goods.
&gt; of course, they wont lose anything by doing so.

so they hope.  things in technology have a habit of changing fast.  

&gt; none of the x86 drivers would work on arm and none of the x86 applications will work without recompilation/code change

true, but apple still managed to go from 68000 to ppc to x86.   

&gt; its one reason why the ppc mac's never took off. 

news to me.   they did very well for several years.

&gt; sorry, arm has its uses, and lets be honest, people who are paying for arm aren't the target audience of microsoft anyway. arm is good for embedded devices, but nobody wants a netbook which can't do do what they want.

for many people a netbook does what they do.   they may want more, but it is something they never use.

i'm not going to tell you what the future will hold.  microsoft is taking a gambol.   maybe it will work out, maybe it will not.  i've seen decisions like this work both ways.  when faced with them you have to make your best guess (generally backed with a lot of education).   

of course you need to remember that by not doing this they have the resources to do something else.  it could well be that arm based netbooks take off, but not enough to be worth microsoft's time.
&gt; the burden of proof in a criminal case (tax evasion) is much higher than the burden of proof in civil cases. 

that's not a tall order to fulfill when you're the enemy of the state, and it is the state judging and sentencing you.
ya went i went there they had knock off everything. the iphone clone is the cect-some number, you can get it on ebay. i dont understand why they would want iphones though, they have had way cooler phones for years
&gt; warning: any user who posts offensive or irrelevant comments will be banned from this discussion board.

i find that last sentence(after the article) to be highly ironic.
&gt;yes, that's why they need to have taxes, so you can have nice things like roads and hospitals. 

this has already been paid for a hundred times over.  it's not our fault the money is wasted instead on bombs and supersonic jets, or ends up in some rich banker or ceo's pocket. 

it's also semi-retarded to put a consumption tax on a technology that actually minimizes the use of roads and hospitals.  if anything, we should get a tax break for using the internet, because it keeps people off the road.
ok i think i get what your saying. i guess i just wanted to believe this was happening because of all the exciting implications this would create. thanks for your explanations. i guess the day we get bona fide self directed technological evolution a.i wouldn't be far behind, and this doesn't seem likely anytime soon. 
i believe changing that is one of the points of these bills.
i already got taxed when i'd download stuff from the itunes store... so i went to amazon... dammit.
satellite transmission was used. see link
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/5444168/air-france-pilots-battled-for-15-minutes-to-save-doomed-flight-af-447.html
all 3 of my representatives voted for it.

just submitted:

"i am flabbergasted that you voted to tax digital downloads.

i sell music on itunes.  i give away some of the music on my band's website.  based on the wording of bill 2075, section 300, paragraph 5, people in wa will need to pay sales tax on free downloads from our website based on the purchase price set at itunes.com.  

additionally, if xbox live offers my son a free download for a game they normally charge for, you are making him a tax evader.  that's pretty awesome to make criminals out of 10 year olds.

will you work to overturn this lunacy or do i need to work to get new (more technically savy) representation seated for my district?"

in b4 someone posts a link to the xkcd comic about "-ass"
&gt;the value is the purchase price of the digital product. if the digital product is acquired by means other than a purchase, the value of the digital product is determined by the retail selling price of a similar digital product. 

sounds like you are going to be taxed on those linux downloads based on the retail price of windows.

&gt;there is a use tax exemption for the recipient of digital products given away for free. (see 606). there is also a sales and use tax exemption for the person purchasing digital products, digital codes, or remote access software to give it away for free. the purchaser must provide an exemption certificate.  (see sections 503(1)(b) and 603(2) of the digital products bill).

but that exemption suggest as long as the source isn't charging, the tax does not apply.

these two rules conflict.
well it's not like dick cheney's company haliburton got no-bid contracts from bush and then reorganized over seas to avoid pay any taxes or anything like that.  buy why worry about billions and millions when people on the cusp of richness tried to avoid paying a few thousand in taxes.
there was an incident of a boeing 747sp doing all sorts of hijinks in 1985.  it does show the incredible amount of punishment planes can take, including pointing straight down at one point.  see [china airlines flight 006](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/china_airlines_flight_006)
i go to the movie theaters pretty regularly myself.
i live close enough to drive to new hampshire to get anything i want tax free.  ma claims that i'm supposed to declare what i buy (and the state has tried to force stores in nh to keep track of where their customers are from) but ultimately, taxachusetts can blow me.  yea we pay taxes, but the condition of our roads is deplorable.  cops get overtime though for standing on the side of the road talking on their cell while construction is going on.  

the state school i'm going to?  u mass is a damn good education for a pretty good price, fair enough, but of all the states that fund their university system, ma is one of the worst in the nation (or so i've been told).  oh yeah, now there's a $3k increase in student 'fees' next year.

i don't feel entitled to get everything for free but i do feel entitled to get something decent from the state for all the taxes they squeeze out of us.
took an hour to mow your own lawn?  well the minimum wage is 6.55 an hour.  assuming a 30%ish tax rate, you owe us 2 bucks.  pay or we put your house up for auction and garnish your wages.
i know people who used to do that with cars till they changed the laws in washington, so they could get the no sales tax from oregon.
does google squared still suck too much to handle this request?  seems like a perfectly good application of its design, just not sure if it's working well enough yet.

edit:  not bad... http://www.google.com/squared/search?q=laptop+computers
tax evasion is a bit of a stretch. al copone's business involved the exchange of cash for goods. p2p is is either a barter system or a free intake of goods, depending on how much someone participates, no cash involved. trades are still taxable but that is not really enforced when it comes to individual exchanges. 

even if they did go after someone for tax evasion the amount at stake is likely to be far smaller than the amount it would take to prosecute them. 
"you could shoot a javelin missile, and it would cost $70,000. these rounds will end up costing $25 apiece. they're relatively cheap."

also, relatively expensive to normal bullets. but the old question remains, why are we spending so much money to kill each other?
do you have an affiliate program? i'm thinking 5% of the tax revenue that you collect for each new customer that i send you would be fair.
i'm willing to pay up to 8% on the 0.00 sale price.
how are the extensions? are the major ones like adblock plus and firebug ready for launch?
additionally, if you absolutely *must* go through sites that you have your doubts about, noscript works fantastic. it's a bit annoying to deal with at the very beginning but once you start building your whitelist things get a lot easier.
you could probably [build your own](http://www.geocities.com/spm_stm/project.html) for a lot less than the final bid will be.
yeah, i have the feeling that this would not just be a gun that fires special standard size (5.56 or .223) rounds, but would be an entirely new type of "rifle" with a new type and size of ammo, somewhere between a shotgun slug and a grenade launcher round.  at least that's my guess.

edit: if you follow the link to the patent it mentions a 25 mm projectile.
but still you have to do paper work tough.
they want to tax [cow farts](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/28070487). not a joke.
a mate of mine removed and completely rebuilt the engine of a robin reliant thanks in no small part to the haynes manual.

it, perhaps, wasn't the best use of anyone's time, but it kept him happily out of mischief 
[october 19, 1931:  al capon's reign of tax-evading terror finally brought to end](http://www.theonion.com/content/node/41703)
"the value is the purchase price of the digital product. if the digital product is acquired by means other than a purchase, the value of the digital product is determined by the retail selling price of a similar digital product. "

wouldn't this mean that if i download open office for free i'd owe them the same sales tax as i would for a purchase of microsoft office? using this rule, there in the state's opinion there is no such thing as "free".
i'm no rocketeer, but i think the last thing you want for your rocket to the moon is it to rock.

you'd risk getting it jammed into uranus or something


i'm here all the time, try the veal
he probably found the article with google, and copied the article directly from the search results page. google results page changes the url of the page exactly when you click on it so it takes you to something like

    http://www.google.com/url?u=...

so when he right-clicked to copy the link which on his status bar appeared to be the real link, he didn't realize the javascript had changed it into the google redirect link.

if you try to copy a link from google results this is what happens. they should check that the mousedown event is generated with the left mouse button.
i've been using amie street for a couple years, i'm a very satisfied customer. they've been drm free this whole time. my only issue, is that i guess the artist encodes the mp3's. i would much rather have a uniform set of bitrates. some are 320kbps cbr's while others are 192kbps. i'd love to have some -v0 lame encoded music.
you answer your own question. you would go with whatever suits your needs, right? squared and wolfram don't fill the same function and as such they don't fill the same needs. hence the comparison between them, in terms of competing, is moot. comparing them in terms of which suits your needs best is a different thing altogether, a thing that still makes sense. 

a is really good at shredding paper.

b is mediocre at sucking cock.

i'm not going to put my dick in a.

true, but every action a person takes requires a cost of some sort that uses an infastructure that has costs to repair and maintain. public roads may not be used but there's still all the electric/data lines, electric plants and machines on both sides of each person using the internet in some way. and yes, most of what was mentions is probably maintained by private companies, but some of it has to have come from our tax dollars.

that said, i agree we need tax reform. badly. sadly, we need a lot of things at the moment and this just isn't that high on the list, the governments [fed/state/local] paying back its debters takes priority.
i can donate mine to to cause.

added bonus: it has tetris!
i can't wait till the atf storms someone's house for dling an mp3 from itunes.
judge dredd anyone?
&gt;two things are infinite...
i think they system that works the best, and makes the most sense is that if the business has a physical location(warehouse/store/office) in your state, the state may charge tax on your purchase. in some cases it makes less sense (your order had to be shipped from the other side of the country anyways) but it at least makes some sense. the 'justification' for sales tax is that the city has to recoup the cost of the services it offers that were used to facilitate the purchase(roads, etc). 
u stuf yam
ooooooooooooooooh, bitchy :)

voted up
damn that's thin :)
i wonder how many people he blinded while flashing it across the town.
you should have mentioned how this creates incentives for people like you to stop offering downloads through itunes, thus potentially destroying legitimate, for-profit avenues of acquiring digital media.
&gt; if you were convicted of this in a criminal case, a civil case should be a lock

i figured that something like that would happen .. riaa doesn't have to do any legwork to win cases .. nice setup (for them)
"the internet" to the *united states* government, mind you. 


sincerely, 
***the internet***



also: what the fuck?
&gt; obviously nobody would prosecute people for a small handful of legal downloads

i don't think that's obvious at all.  every law that can be abused eventually will be abused.
it's not theft.  it's copyright infringement.  these are two wholly separate areas of the law, and wholly separate areas of ethical debate.
could you imagine an underground internet. that's the world i want to live in. the feds find out about it and *poof!* it vanishes into thin air, servers drop, and it fires up again in a different country seconds later.
&gt; it's not our fault the money is wasted instead on bombs and supersonic jets

what the heck are you talking about?  states don't buy those things. 

here in california, the largest expenditure in the budget is education.  you can't just "pay for" education once, nor is it "wasted."
wasn't slate originally owned my microsoft?
hot damn -- no sign of colorado, new hampshire, montana, or new mexico.  one of those is where i live, and the other three are places i might consider moving.
two hundred and seven.
the stupidity will only end once humanity is extinct.
&gt; because buying things over mail order was never taxed either. 

[i'm assuming you're being sarcastic.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/use_tax)
by the people, for the people.. oh wait.. no, that's not right.
i'm more impressed by my insanely accurate assessment of how thick that ui is (in pixels). i guessed, then measured, and it was right!

oh, and any thinner than that it gets impractical. working on a smaller one for laptops (type netbooks), but i'm lazy, so it's going to take it' sweet time ;p
and i suspect that it would, though it wouldn't be theft, but copyright infringement.  

now, if we could just levy a tax on people who don't know the difference between "your" and "you're"...
in general, my experience is that the states with the highest sales and income taxes are the states with the worst roads.  that holds true for the roughly half dozen states where i've lived, and for the states i've visted as well (as far as i'm aware -- not as cognizant of sales tax rates in states i've merely visited).

edit: i don't mention hospitals because i haven't been to hospitals in enough states to really make a reasonable guesstimate about how well they correlate with taxation rates.  on the other hand, i do find that two factors tend to be strong indicators of poor quality hospitals and poor hospital care -- "public" funding and large size.
i think the government should start taxing people on the information they store in their brains.
&gt; you can't just "pay for" education once, nor is it "wasted."

you clearly haven't paid much attention to where that "education" money actually tends to get spent.
cow farts may not be strictly tangible, but they are certainly palpable.  i avoid cows for that reason, among others.
. . . and clinton twice, and obama once so far, and so on.
i had the lancaster one - it's mainly a history book of the plane with emphasis on how it was bolted together - a few diagrams and such. i suspect this book is the same, but then cramming just a fraction of the systems on apollo 11 into a hardback book for public consumption wouldn't really work. lovely idea though.
dear wa, good luck with that! will never happen
clinton? are you joking? he actually ended our deficit spending by his last year in office!
how does that alter what `stopit` said?
&gt; could you imagine an underground internet. that's the world i want to live in.

me too.
i love creative bookkeeping and taking credit for what others have done.
think of it more as free lasik.
but if a person travel to a neighbouring state and make a purchase with a credit card he'd need to pay state sales tax, even though one transaction happens between the cc company and the shops hq (most likely in another state), and the other transaction happens between him and the cc company (both in other states).  

seems the distinction is going to happen at an arbitrary point whatever you do.  
wow wolfram says some zany things, please post more!

i don't fit in the cabinet :(
better than the original eye correction.  he'd have to spend the extra effort to run around and slash people in the eye with a knife!
virtualization cuts down on energy costs period, of course it also increases cpu utilization so that single server (that's doing the work of 6) is certainly using up more energy than if it were idle but still far less than 6 full servers
i know this has been a law in tn for a while now.  anybody there that downloads music via itunes or amazon has to pay tax and if you download games via steam i think you have to pay a tax as well.
i'm in the same boat. worked on my project for a couple months really hard, got a site up and some stuff working, started working on the hard bits and let myself get distracted.

it's been about a year and i don't have much to show for it other than a "coming soon" kind of site.

if it is something you really value, you will find time and a way to finish it.  
doesn't california rank 47th in funding for education per student?  sounds to me like your tax money is being wasted.

my point is these taxes are being spent on frivolous and unnecessary crap; had the state actually used them to fund *important* programs, they would be taken care of.

apparently it's easier to just spend the money on ridiculous stuff, putting the important programs into crisis mode so you can come back demanding more money.  

it's a fucking scam.  all of your state governments have more than enough in taxes; they just need to learn to budget and cut back on ambitious projects and focus on only the essentials during times like this -- just like normal people do.

of course, they have no incentive to do that because, hey, it isn't their money.  it's just as easy to fuck up and come back hat in hand, speaking of "roads and hospitals" when you know damn well what happened is the bum spent it on beer, hookers, and blow.

i dont understand why popular music should cost more...
&gt;online donations box if you bought an album and liked it.

how would you buy the album if it's free? did you mean download? the old model of buying a box at a retail store is dying.
&gt;'haynes' and 'wants', that should have been.

next time, delete the incorrect post and repost with the correct title.
that's it you dumb sons of bitches, tax every burgeoning industry right into the ground, and then cry for more federal assistance when there is not enough work to go around. 
i hear there's quite a lot of activity on uranus.
do you mean that half his cabinet aren't. thats a step in the right direction.
so what if i make sure to pay tax for whatever i download? that's still far cheaper than buying the items. if the government accepts my tax money for the items wouldn't that validate my "acquistion" of said product? even if that acts as proof that i downloaded unauthorized meterial the government would be then responsible for profiting from a crime and in turn the public which benefits from my crimes. come to think of it, how does this not endorse piracy?
sorry meant to say downloaded have edited. i just meant you can download anything you want. but, if you like the artist you can send them some cash, roughly the price of an album at default but you can choose whatever amount.
&gt;why popular music should cost more

don't look at it as popular music costing more; look at it as new music costing less, and the listeners who do the marketing for the new music are rewarded if their musical advice is popular.

like a "free introductory offer."
as of 2:44pm pst, 06/04/2009, a search on torrentfreak for the term 'anomos' yields the following result:

no posts found. try a different search?

if torrentfreak has never heard of this client, why should i think this it is anything other than a scam?

http://torrentfreak.com/?s=anomos
this thing is far too powerful to be useful indoors, and using it outdoors is just plain irresponsible. who wants to spend that money on something they could never really use?

and why fetishise potential eye damage?
i get "small handfuls of downloads" several hundred times a day.

almost every character that appears on my screen is a result of something having been downloaded.

what [ignatiusloyola](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8ps66/a_bunch_of_states_have_been_pushing_forward_with/c0a1zlt) said.
agreed for now
that's a rather harrowing tale. i'm only now catching my breath. i can't imagine how awful it would be to think i was going to get to see steve jobs in person, in a crowded hall, and then be told i'd have to watch it from a piddly little tv instead. surely, it wouldn't be as bad as if i couldn't find my keys (can you even imagine?!) but i'm glad it worked out for the best. that's some top-notch yellow stickeristry right there. 
wonder if you can mount it to a weapon system...?
i would rather pay the artist directly than the scalping music label corporations and retailers, who leave the artist with only a small fraction of what the consumer pays. i'm just not sure the public is honest enough to pay the artist for something they already have in-hand.

a better model would be for artists to publish their albums online for all to hear through an audio stream like [madeleine peyroux](http://madeleinepeyroux.com) does. if you want a local copy, you have to pay for it before you get it.
partisan hackery knows no bounds of reason or logic.
yeah, that. how?
double clicking on the internet isn't something i'm used to... but well played google.
well said -- let's peruse the bill to make sure there's no taxes applied when you download songs you wrote.
&gt;why are we spending so much money to kill each other?

poor people kill other poor people so that the rich people can keep or enlarge their wealth. duh.
i'm glad i live in oregon.  we don't have a sales tax.
i did actually mean directly to the artists but whatever. i like the audio streaming idea but i think that's something built for a world where people don't just: http://madeleinepeyroux.com/flash_content/mp3/bare_bones/01_instead.mp3&amp;obt_fname=01_instead.mp3 the track right out of the website. now her's was a sample in this case but you can do this for most if not every streaming format in one way or another even if you just record your audio output. so i can't see it as a practical solution. i think there needs to be some assured reward to artists but i think a lot of people came into a world were if your music was popular you were rich and that wasn't always the way it worked. perhaps it's time to realise that technology may have brought us back to that stage of fewer returns. i mean in all seriousness, music is open to anyone to make it. anyone to remember it or sing it. i could play my favourite songs in my head without an mp3 player right now as i type. the whole architecture of music, in my opinion, does not fit well with a business model and more just as a mode of expression. the problems we have now would not have been anywhere near as important back in the days when music meant doing what you loved and not getting more bling lol. 
looks like i've got 3 letters to write! (orwall, upthegrove, keiser)
agree, not bad. not bad at all microsoft.
excellent explanation 
but there is a *major* problem! i double click what appears to be an attractive person in the far off distance but when i get there they seem to disappear!

oh come now. they're not afraid of you finding "new (more technically savy) representation." the current power is well-entrenched, and as long as they keep the uneducated masses in line, the people who will vote for them will out-number guys like you every single time. to say nothing of the tendency for the kinds of people you're talking about to not have a great deal of interest in politics.
for **a** man
exactly, republicans just won't shut up about tax issues that are already settled.
the fatal flaw in your logic is that it's not criminal when the government does it.
i hate them both. thanks for the downvote, mouth breather.
the perennial whipping boy is in for another lashing i see.
do the people participate meaningfully in their government?
[here](http://klabs.org/history/build_agc/) are instructions on building the computer. it'd be simpler to use a $400 laptop though
see [here](http://klabs.org/history/build_agc/) too.
as i see it, tax is a percentage of the overall price. so say -  5% tax: 5% of 0 is still zero.

now people will pirate all the more!
stepping disks?
why do democrat partisans always assume that anyone who disagrees on any subject at all must be a republican partisan?
[adblock plus for firefox.](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/1865)
mack did a walkthrough of the xm307 with a similar round (probably same gun?)

http://dsc.discovery.com/videos/future-weapons-xm307.html
it's not! i made it! i promise!

there's nothing on tf because this is our big announcement.

more proof: http://www.nlnet.nl/project/current.html

i think we're gunna need a bigger cabinet.
with e3, google wave and things like this, technology has been kind of blowing my mind lately. 
stm is something quite different from electron microscopy (although they both do use electrons).
it's a 25mm grenade launcher, basically the grenade launcher portion of the cancelled oicw (which also included a 5.56mm rifle) made into a stand alone weapon. for comparison, a 12 gauge slug ranges from 18.3 to 20 mm.

the xm307 automatic grenade launcher and barret xm109 also use the same type of ammo, although the barret lacks the capability for the programmed airbursts. the 25mm grenade is the replacement for the 40mm used now by the m19 and the lower energy 40mm used in the m203 under-barrel grenade launcher and simplifies logistics in that both the crew-served and hand-held weapons can use the same ammo which is not the case with the current 40mm.
so much better.

i'll be honest, google is the best thing ever.
the company i work for has one in our warehouse. i loved sitting in meetings where the vice president had to get a status report on "the big ass fan". lol. could never keep a straight face. :-)
wow, that's a compelling argument.  quick, give us another one!
yeah, i used to be an airline pilot.

35,000 feet may or may not be enough space to recover from a stall. in most conditions, an airliner won't actually reach aerodynamic stall, since the stick pusher will force a nose over. if the stick push is overridden by a pilot, or if there is some serious windshear at altitude (such as during a storm), then the plane can get into a full aerodynamic stall.

at that point, recovering withing a few thousand feet might be possible... or you could get a lateral windshear and enter a spin. if the airliner enters a spin, recovery will not be possible.

even some deep stalls (not spins) are not recoverable in some airliners. in the plane i flew (not an airbus), one of the prototypes crashed during flight testing due to inability to recovery from a deep stall. and this was with test pilots who had a drogue chute.

so it can happen.

no. it's easier to just say "they're all corrupt" than to reach out and communicate with representatives.
&gt; doesn't california rank 47th in funding for education per student?

i think we're about 30th - lower than average but not an outlier.

part of the problem is prop 13.  schools in other states get a lot of funding from local property taxes.  but in california, prop 13 has lowered property tax revenue,  rendering schools more dependent on the state's general budget, and bond measures.  squeeze taxes at one end, and don't be surprised if they spurt out elsewhere.

of course, the fact that california has a disproportionately high number of children, especially children living in poverty, doesn't help.

&gt; my point is these taxes are being spent on frivolous and unnecessary crap

yes, this is just like politicians who promise can save money by "cutting waste."  but when you actually go looking for this stuff, the numbers don't add up.  if we could cut the dig-a-hole-and-fill-it-back-up program instead of health insurance for children, don't you think we would?

we've already stopped funding stuff like the high speed rail.  all that's left are the essentials.  we're going to cut education, state parks, subsidized health insurance for children, etc, because there's nothing significant left to cut.

&gt; when you know damn well what happened is the bum spent it on beer, hookers, and blow.

i think what you're saying is, during good times, there'e less scrutiny of spending, when instead california should be saving money to avoid situations like this.  and you're right, and they do - the rainy day fund, which is required to be 5% of the budget.  but it's not enough.  prop 1a would have made it bigger, but unfortunately it didn't pass.
yeah, how do they expect us to verify that said person is in fact attractive?
indeed it is, it has about 10 times better resolution. 

i always wanted to try to build an [afm](http://www.biophysik.physik.uni-muenchen.de/projects/plastic-afm/?searchterm=plastic%20afm) though. i have all the parts to build a laser sintering 3d protyping machine too, but i'm lazy/busy with my real job.

edit: wow guess afm is not reddit friendly...
in queen latifah's voice: "oh no they didn't"
i doubt the pilots were unconscious. of the two people in the cockpit, at least one of them should have been able to get their quick donning masks on.

what is more likely is they were too busy attempting to recover the airplane, and simply had no time to issue a distress call. and that is the correct course of action... if the plane is out of control, a distress call serves no purpose and wastes time.

plane first, navigation second, radio third.

in the courtroom:

lawyer: *hands laptop to judge* "as you can see this is an internet browser. can you please press home?"

judge: *presses home* "what is the meaning of this? this is just a site full of ads!"

lawyer: "did you pay for that?"

judge: "pay for what?"

lawyer: "you just downloaded 26 copyrighted images and sound files. you have not payed taxes for them and so now you have committed a felony. would you like me to handle your case?"
you're going to need a special soldering gun for all those rivets on the saturn 5 booster. the device will have to place *exactly* 1/4 of an inch of solder on each rivet.

if the device adds 1/16th of an inch of extra solder to each rivet, the booster will not be able to place any payload at all into orbit.

such was the tolerances on the original.

frankly though, you can't afford it. how do i know? because your whole fucking country does not seem to be able to afford to run a space program. *sigh*
i'm confused. do 120,000 subscribers determine that?

thanks for letting this one remain, but, honestly, i wouldn't check out r/cyberlaws, but i do read r/technology. 

these are words, rather than destinations. who sits down to determine what belongs on r/technology and what does not? despite there being other subreddits for this, it seems like r/technology is the best place to provoke a 200-comment discussion about this topic.

surely it would have just flopped and have never been noticed on r/cyberlaws. i would have had no clue.
polar plot? more like polar pot! hah
you know far to much about this subject, remind me not to piss you off.
[shame on you all](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/8kbd8/google_squared_wolfram_killer/). 20 days earlier this was posted, and voted down.
i'll just code up a vb gui and find out.
accountability? in the armed forces? are you mad?
yeah, me too. except for montana. 
they don't have the technology or the authority to enforce this so long as we never give it to them.
&gt;although the rifle will initially use high-explosive rounds, it might later use versions with smaller explosive charges that aim to stun rather than kill.

great. how long before the police have them as "cost effective tools, giving officers flexibility in the field"?

i don't know, ask cutsdwnsudointelects.
i'm a mouth breather because i am tired of hearing about tax issues that are no longer issues.
this is kind of like http://www.phonetrace.org
downvoted.
yeah that's it...now go away.
that url saddens me that geocities will be wiped out soon.
first step towards infringing on your free-speech rights (the ability to transfer information) is now abridged with taxation.

oh wait, that's right, i'm living in my libertarian fantasy.
i got mine for $50.
too bad they're trapped in the internet.
while we're making things up, let's assume a 140% tax rate.  man, government is *extra* evil now!!


...but no, people getting $6.55/hour are getting almost all of what's taken out of their paychecks back -- in their refund.
that is really cool. i have once again spent about half an hour wandering around where i live, and yet again i am struck by the weird feeling i get from it being winter in most of it. even more startling is when the season abruptly changes.

i really wonder how often they send the vans out, and how much it costs them to cover a given amount of distance.
i wonder what the chinese government plans for after today?  i mean, once they let up on facebook, twitter and all those social networks, won't there be an explosion of talk about just the thing they don't want any talk about?
rtfa
can someone explain why e-commerce *shouldn't* be taxed?  what makes it special?

autofailure if your argument starts with "nothing should be taxed."
they've got an fmu 862 level transmitter in there. i literally repaired one of those just last week. we sold it for 10 grand. they want 25 bucks.


/edit


i'd buy it but i don't know who i would sell it to.
freaking awesome, but atm i'm just as cynical as the moose. how could someone possibly justify this laser..?
cthulhu sort of covered this, but the "bullet" is not really that small, it's actually a small explosive shell about the size of an average adult male's thumb - plenty big enough to have enough shrapnel to fill a small or medium-size room.
this isn't just about e-commerce. by the phrasing quoted in tfa, it sounds like foss downloads could be taxed according to the price of non-free alternatives. for example, they could value gimp according to the price of photoshop, and tax you accordingly.

it also raises questions about how shareware would work. as a shareware developer, i don't have a problem with paying taxes on shareware *licenses*, but if i had to pay taxes on downloads as if they were sales, i'd be screwed.

ultimately, this seems like something which will be very helpful for well-established companies who already have a brick and mortar presence, and it could be catastrophic for small internet businesses.
nice. i found this equation that gives a stem as well.

r = cos(4 * theta) : (0, 2*pi)

evaluate this equation at integer multiples of 2 * pi / 13.  connect those dots in sequence and you get a nice pot leaf.   works great on graphing calculators by putting the step input as 2 * pi/13.

i stumbled upon this in my high school geometry class when i was trying to make nice shapes on a ti-83.
if so, this would be disastrous not only for foss, but shareware, freeware, and a wide range of other business models based on lenient distribution. in short, it could crush a potential economic revolution of small, low-overhead online businesses dealing in digital content.

seriously, how can you tax me for giving something away?
ok, so it's a badly-written law and could lead to serious abuse.  i wholeheartedly support an attempt to raise awareness of its potential for exploitation.

however, the headline seems to just be whining about the fact that our last major tax-free loophole is about to be closed, or implying that a strict reading of the law might show that "unauthorized downloaders" (nice euphamism) might be -gasp- *labeled as criminals!*

it makes me laugh.

//bring on the downmods for mocking the notion that anything you can find for yourself online deserves to be free.
that'll get you pretty high up but i don't know if it gets you very far relative to the gravity well.
it's funny!
i just spent an hour looking at all the places i've lived and checking out the restaurants i miss and friends i miss' houses.
one of the things i find most disturbing about this is the phrasing for downloads which are provided *completely for free*:

&gt;exemptions (digital products that are not subject to sales or use tax) include digital products purchased:
&gt;
&gt;...
&gt;
&gt;to be given away for free. (purchaser must provide an exemption certificate.)

so if you want to download a piece of freeware, or something open source, you have to provide an "exemption certificate"? reading the bill itself, it appears that you must obtain a certificate for *each* free download from the department of revenue, and the seller must keep a copy of this certificate in their files.

do they honestly think anyone's going to do this shit? why are they trying to *destroy* the internet?
this really impressed me a lot! this reminds me of that ted demo microsoft showed off where they pulled geotagged web images to assemble 3d buildings, but this almost seems to make that irrelevant. google has been on quite a roll!
maybe they're still there they just weren't so attractive when you got close......google-goggles(like beer-goggles). 
i still can't believe upthegrove is a real name.
but that's just it; the lack of taxation on downloads *isn't* a loophole. i doubt most people would have a problem with paying taxes on *sales* of digital materials. but taxing downloads themselves is ludicrous.
least they have a gp1, so they are immune to its vyruses.
i love the fact that you can do this with **google** just as easily. google-&gt;preferences-&gt;safesearch filtering-&gt;do not filter my search results.
except without the syphilis...hopefully. 
mkdir stm

cd stm

wget -mk http://www.geocities.com/spm_stm/
the hv supply is probably worth some bank by itself.
that is gold, man. hahaha!
i think what you mean is an underground network.  the concept of the internet is a distributed network of computers so it can't be easily shut down.  now there are underground networks (or darknets) like freenet, etc.
leos already employ concussion and flash/bang grenades.
it's already a weapon.
i've seen a big ass fan! they've got one at this club in asheville, nc called "the orange club" or "orange bar" or something like that.

it really says "big ass fan" right in the middle of it, and it was without a doubt the biggest ceiling fan i've ever seen in my entire life.
am i the only one who thought this was going to be about aol?
40 years later i have ubuntu (a unix-like os) running on my gateway (x86 architecture) laptop. so essentially, i've got a mac (less $800).
i so so so need one of these!
you could ask the people for whom you worked last week?
i'm sorry, but even with end-to-end encryption, it is trivial to determine what you are doing, just unknown contents. i also didn't see what prevents a censor from becoming a node and being able to gain additional knowledge about the traffic being shipped around unnecessarily.
not quite. i was holding my breath for comcast though.
spending time and money.

all this effort that goes into researching all these new fancy ways to kill each other could be spend on solving some of our more pressing issues like energy.  hurry up with a sustainable fusion reaction already scienticians.  
or harness the power of a matter anti-matter reaction.
hope they got it worked out before the release saturday.
i hear dick cheney has one that should work.
obvious, but accurate.
so wait, are we to feel alright with illegally downloading music if we pay the .01 or .02 tax on each download when taxes come around and we claim them?  that's still a massively discounted price.
they don't give away clients normally.
i love you.

mac users: http://www.statusq.org/archives/2008/07/30/1954/
you could sell it to them for 5000 bucks?
something tells me you don't work for free.
i think smart music creators or artists could just sell subscriptions to their work, rather than individual creative commodities.  

basically a subscriber would get a year pass to all concerts, and a stream of updated live and studio recorded material.

the model works for online gaming.  all you have to do is embrace a culture of no finished product.
although an alternative, they currently have more than they need. if you have basic electronics knowledge these aren't too hard to set up. if you need a suped=up ultrasonic range finder.
&gt;the value is the purchase price of the digital product. if the digital product is acquired by means other than a purchase, the value of the digital product is determined by the retail selling price of a similar digital product.

as much as i like your idea, they'd base the price on its cost in something like the itunes store rather than the actual purchase price.
then they'll finally know what their artists feel like!
has anyone made a tool to automagically populate these darknets with a mirror of the regular internet so there's actually something interesting to do with them if you're not a political dissident or a pedophile?
you can't put sales tax on e-commerce because (a) the buyer and seller are often in different states or countries, thus complicating which jurisdiction gets to charge the tax and (b) it's absurd to tax a non-corporeal item as, for all intents and purposes in the analog world, it doesn't exist.
http://www.govdeals.com/eas/itmdisplay.cfm?itemid=62&amp;acctid=2349

only 100 bucks for a 1986 school bus.  what a steal.
i can report that i've been charged no such tax and i've had residence in tn all my life.
neil flubbed it, too.
well, they managed to work around the second amendment using tax code, why wouldn't they do the same with the first?
if they have the power, they don't bother worrying about the authority.
now they just need to integrate photosynth-like technology and use publicly-available images to let you zoom into stuff even closer.
prop 13 is not the problem.  prop 13 is probably the only reason half the retired home owners in the state haven't been evicted.  the way the entire states education is structured is the problem.  they have to spend at least 40% of the state budget on schools by law.  

even with the cuts they will not be at all close to lowering the education systems cut to 40%.  we have the highest paid teachers in the nation and are 35% above the next highest.  something like 2/3rds of lausd employee's are not teachers.  we pay more, get less, and there is no supervision of the system because local and state government are given little of a say in how it's run.

every time they are given more tax money the unions set their lobbyists on the legislature to ensure pay raises so they can get more union dues.  added to that they are paying government employee's 90% of their ending pay in pensions assuming that they have taken no personal responsibility for the retirement even though they are payed more then any other comparable employee in the country.  

adding more taxes will not fix anything and passing 1a or any of the other proposals just delays the inevitable.  government employee's should be paid well but what's happening in california is insane.      
holy ☂☂☂☂. this is what happens when i leave the internet for a week or two. this is the first i've heard of wave. i've had to pause every five or so minutes during that video because i just can't handle that much awesome at once.

edited: ... for **mystery**.
&gt;come to think of it, how does this not endorse piracy?

because the people who wrote this clearly have very little idea what a "download" even is. if they did, they'd realize that the law they've written is unenforceable nonsense.
gift tax.
not too mention he gave the homeless a nice indoor place to nap.
plotstyle-&gt;green doesn't work! gasp!
if you put it in the same spot and dropped it, would it do the same thing?
jesus.  i suppose i should count myself lucky i live in oregon with no sales tax (yet).

&gt; things in technology have a habit of changing fast.

only when there are considerable benefits. the arm instruction set doesn't offer any really. maybe when an instruction set comes along which is better designed for heavy multithreading things will change though. the future likely wont be ix86 or arm.. both platforms probably have the same shortcomings. 
&gt; apple still managed to go from 68000 to ppc to x86.

yeah.. see, they did that because 68000 sucked, and ppc was axed because they wanted to conform with society. the reality was that osx ppc ports were generally half-arsed. doom3 on ppc was almost unusable (and i had a pretty high end powermac at the time, where people on pc with similar hardware got great fps).
&gt; news to me. they did very well for several years.

i worked at a applecentre during the transition.. the ppc computers only ever sold well to select markets (mostly because users had the wrong impression though). the creative industry for instance wrongly believed photoshop ran faster on a mac. after the switch to intel (and the awkward period), we quickly started selling more macs then we ever had, and since programs were easier to port, the quality of ports were a lot better (games on osx these days are actually usable). 


sorry, but in the last 20 years, ix86 was #1 for mainstream, and arm was popular for embedded devices. that wont change because intel is competitive against arm for larger devices in terms of pricing (not mobile phones though).


and as mentioned by you, overextending your staff resources is a bad thing. i saw it plenty of times with apple and the quality of their products suffered. 
ok, granted, but that's a specific gift to a specific person, and its value has to be more than something like $13,000. it's more a measure to prevent tax evasion in any case.

free downloads are a little different.
the auction doesn't close until tomorrow afternoon -- this price is gonna go up as more people start sniping at it.
worldwide!

i've spent many a wet afternoon ensconced in an aladdin's cave of literary treasures.
i probably used a different set of words, but still said the same thing
this will never stick. but they will keep up the barrage until ultimately, they get control, somehow.
actually, this might be an effective way to alienate the riaa and mpaa lobbies. lets say a government gets, rid of one tax and replaces it with a "bandwidth tax", nothing too big, but big enough to generate revenue in the 100s of millions on a national level, say 10 cents per gig. now you have created a conflict of interest, why would the government help the mpaa or riaa get rid of its source of revenue?
yes, they make these types of green lasers, which easily mount onto the standard picadilly rails which are found on almost all new weapons.

note, however, that while the bright beam is useful, it will also clearly indicate the location of both the shooter and where he is pointing his gun, which is a huge disadvantage in a night time firefight.
david carradine no longer needs his.
curl is probably better if you don't have wget already or have both. you 'll have to figure out the arguments yourself though, try 'man curl' or 'curl --help'

i just happened to only have wget on the winxp laptop i was using.
those people would have to already be registered. leave it to the government to make a website registration take 1-2 days while they confirm you by email *or phone*.
hey, now. what about roadrunner?
voting down for spamming all the other subreddits.
keep in mind if anyone starts poking around, you want to use the search by location option. they (respective local/state/whatever agencies) almost never ship any of this stuff.

i have bought some *amazing* things from this site, that were in driving distance. 

- defibrillator for 21 dollars. seems to work. haven't tried it yet, heh.

- a chest freezer for 50 bucks

- 3 level iia bulletproof vests, 2 large, one small. 73 bucks. sold one of them for 60 bucks to a friend.

- a coleman powermate 6250 gas generator for 80 bucks.
we humans are getting really efficient in killing each other.
i will attest to the usefulness of these explosive bullets for taking out snipers, thanks to my many hours in battlefield 2142.
most impressed with their ability to figure out where building walls are.  it's not foolproof, but look at their video in florence, where they zoom into the building.  sweet!
hmm. how much would freight be?
it would be fun to buy it and get it working again, air compressors and stuff.
that is surprisingly effective.
wait they shut down comcast?
you have never experienced the retardery of comcast.
&gt; i really wonder how often they send the vans out

i don't know, but i wish they would put an unobtrusive date/time stamp somewhere on the street view images.
you mean richard dreyfuss?
i can't find my keys.. but they know where, like, i am, you know? guys, time is going sooooooooo sloowwwww. 
damn - money's obviously gettin' real tight over there in the good ol' us of a.
last i heard, a corporation is "person" according to us law. it enjoys the same rights as humans.

pretty fucking irresponsible. 

also, $1699 is a fucking ripoff for a *green*, *handheld* laser pointers. for $1699 you could get a much more powerful blue laser with an ac power source.

in short, this guy is an attention whore and a complete fucking moron.
&gt;the value is the purchase price of the digital product. if the digital product is acquired by means other than a purchase, the value of the digital product is determined by the retail selling price of a similar digital product. 

with bittorrent an individual seeder might only contribute a small portion of the file. there would be no comparable retail product to base the tax burden on. 
"the x-ray detector computer is broken but that is an add-on accessory feature that does not affect operation as an electron microscope. also, the forepumps and air compressor are missing."

damn... but still "what's that?"

"that?? oh, that's my electron microscope..."
"honey we don't need an electron microscope"

dammit woman
*gasp!* wolfram|alpha is clearly a radical leftist anarcho-subversive machine designed to undermine the morals of our righteous wholesome civilization, as proven by this picture of a pot leaf which will undoubtedly expose our impressionable young to the horrors of substance abuse!
the bill will affect uploaders(they are playing the role of seller/distributer)  not downloaders, in order to be in compliance with this law you would have to declare the total number of uploads you made in a given year, you would promptly be raped in court by the riaa.
how would it be any more or less complicated than buying any other item from out of the country/state?  it's no more difficult.

and your argument that a non-corporeal item shouldn't be taxed sort of fails to stand up when you replace "tax" with "pay for" - ie., "it's absurd to pay for a non-corporeal item..."
actually, it's aluminum. not exactly heavy.
wow
sorry for being dense here, but how do i get this pancake to show up? i'm not seeing it. just the usual cursor. using epiphany on ubuntu. firefox for some reason isn't loading maps.

edit: ok, only on that page i guess. i was running the page on firefox with noscript, silly me.
 i like the protable surveilance system: http://www.govdeals.com/eas/itmdisplay.cfm?itemid=696&amp;acctid=658
awesome!
[already on dealspl.us](http://dealspl.us/product/electron-microscope-and-accessories-lot)
nsfw you bastard!
holy ui umbrella metaphors, batman!
well, first thing they can do is remove the labels on the street when the pancake is over them, so you can double-click more easily. 
the goverment should work to legalise your illegal downloading? i'm against shit like this being legalised as it's way overboard, but
at least i know that what i'm doing is wrong, but some people here thing that it's their god given right to download anything and everything for free. 


of course not, but if *most* people are doing something regardless of the law, maybe it's time the government made it legal.
fucking piece of shit. all three of my publicly listed numbers came up wrong.
you gonna have to wait till the older generation and possibly generation x dies off before stuff like that will be put on table 

same goes for marijuana
my thoughts exactly.  is there even one (legal, useful) purpose for this device?
that's the one.
done and done.
cow farts are completely tangible, and do more to hurt the planet than all the cars in the world combined.

what's next, you'll be saying "they want to vaccinate my baby... for tiny bugs you can't even *see*!"?
done and done.
&gt; yet, most of the youth in china remain completely unaware of those events because of constant, total censorship which still occurs in china.

he raises a good point. since i like seeding totally legal material, does anyone have a good torrent for media coverage of the event?
each to their own :). but comcast had worked **very** hard to tick me off and eventually they resorted to extortion.
if you prefer to dislike twc, by all means, dislike them.
i live in chicago and when i was moving into my new apartment i was calling all of the isps to get quotes. you have to go through like 6 robot menus to talk to someone about sales. if they aren't willing to immediately put you on the phone with someone to sell you shit, they sure as hell wont put you on the phone to help you with anything.
they would give us one but we cant have nice things. 
i did some ciphering and reckoned they'd a been flying a little low right before they became a submarine.
because after 30 years of underhanded deals, bribes, and mutual back-scratching with other politicians that got him to the pinnacle of his political career, your representative really cares what you think and will suddenly grow a backbone and defend the constitution because you asked him to.
fuck it, explain it in hover-text. [like this.](http://leekspin.com "hover text!")

    [like this.](http://leekspin.com "hover text!")

the curiosity is killing me.
i so love a good mystery edit.
i'm going to have to check this site every day now. nothing within 500 miles of me currently. :(
the asshole side of my personality finds this incredibly funny. picture this: young, handsome couple out on the streets of brooklyn, grabbing some delicious midnight muffins and a cup of joe, enjoying their company and gazing lovingly into each other's eyes, when....

her: oh look sweetie, what's that?

him: huh, that's neat, looks like some kind of aaaaahhh what the fuck my eyes!!!
that story is familiar... reads like that delgo movie. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delgo_(film)
it angers the blood, and boils the black bile.
&gt;hurr durr i'm on reddit so i try and turn everything into class warfare.

ftfy
mother fucker.
the pancake even follows the camber on the road!
my dad buys crap from this website all the time, its pretty legit.

edit: i should add, most times you don't know if what you're bidding on actually works. sometimes it's noted, or, as it is in this case, they do not guarantee it works.

it can be very addictive to buy junk here, because it is a gamble. the deals seem outrageous, and occasionally you win big. my dad bought a $4000 lawn mower for a few hundred bucks, and it was fully functional with no repairs needed. however, he also bought a lot of four projectors, none of which worked. so now we have these huge movie projectors taking up space because he doesn't want to get rid of them. they retail for quite a bit of money but, as mentioned above, it can be difficult to sell some of these items, and sometimes its very expensive to repair them.
when i was visiting my brother in california i was forced to use time warner. the torrent throttling was unbearable and even encryption didn't help, i could hardly download at all. i searched online, turns out they even openly admit to it.

i don't have any problems with torrenting on comcast, i just enable encryption and i can seed and download at full speed.
it's their website, that you're not paying to use.
sounds like good old slow-ass tor.

i'm running with noscript too, but it claims not to be blocking anything.  however, although i sometimes get a 'double-click to go' label next to my pancake, double clicking only occasionally has an effect.
&gt; it can claim parentage of a long list of popular software, including the unix offerings of ibm, hp and sun, apple's mac os x and linux

mac os x is unix certified, so ii spotted some grammar issues there. it should be:

it can claim parentage of a long list of popular software, including the unix offerings of ibm, hp, sun **and** apple's mac os x **as well as** linux

you heard wrong.

in fact, corporations remain victims of antiquated laws that discriminate against their fundamental rights.  did you know that it's illegal for a corporation to marry another corporation?  that corporations can be denied hospital visitation rights?  that corporations cannot even legally adopt children?

these are but a few of the rights that more privileged members of society take for granted, but that are routinely denied to corporate entities.  now is the time to stand up for equal rights for all taxable entities!
income is not tangible, and has been taxed for many years.
i think you mean "dih'in" 
i really enjoy the functionality combination of a phone and camera.  that being said i've been through two sony ericsson k850i's which were great phones.  i ruined the first on my own, but the 2nd crapped out on me.  i've been doing some research and the top players seem to be the samsung memoir, motorola zine, se k850i, and the nokia n79/n95.  i'd like the se idou, but i don't think i have the patience to wait till fall.  do you guys have any other suggestions or personal history w/ these phones?
i dont think open source software would be taxed under this scheme, because it doesn't go for retail price anywhere. i think they mean mass produced content and software that are actively sold through retail outlets, whether online or in reality. i thought that was pretty clear in the bill. according to the following, i think open source would fall under the non-commercial qualification:

are there any ubiquitous digital goods that are exempt from tax?

yes. digital goods that are not offered for sale are exempt from tax when they are:

    * noncommercial (such as personal email communications).
    * created solely for an internal audience.
    * created solely for the business needs of the person who created the digital good and is not the type of digital good that is offered for sale, such as business email communications. (see section 605 of the digital products bill).

if by asshole you mean sociopath, yes.
this is more useless than twitter.
the fundamental design is still flawed, insofar as the tracker is subject to compromise or attack.

bram cohen himself has pointed out repeatedly that bittorrent is not anonymous, nor it is a good tool for the distribution of illegal content (whatever the definition of "illegal" is wherever you happen to be.)
great. now i'll be listening to leekspin for hours.
s/sun/oracle/

;_; rip
well for one, the subject you broach clearly falls under fair use, so it's a red herring. i would argue that reading a book out loud is not the same as a book, as well. so it's hard to argue that reading a book infringes upon copyright, even if it were not permitted by fair use. 

the difference with digital files is that they are exact copies of the originals, and that the experience of engaging with a digital file is exactly the same as it would be if it were a consumer product--i.e. a vhs cassette, a dvd. moreover, they can be shared on a mass level, and can theoretically cause a serious economic loss, whereas reading out loud will not likely reach a large enough audience to deter from book purchasing on a mass scale. if one wanted to read the book again, one would have to get a copy or ask the person to read it again; they couldn't just play it from a hard drive ad infinitum. 

i think if someone read a book out loud and recorded it and then mass distributed it for free, they would likely be accused of piracy, because they wouldn't hold the rights to the audiobook, and might infringe upon any future audiobook that pays for the license. again, i think just regular reading out loud is a legal performance under fair use. 

there are various limitations that come with all purchases. you can't use your land for any old thing without paying more license fees, etc. you can't use your gun in any old way without paying a hunting license, among other things. you can't use your computer to send viruses to companies. it's not abnormal within our current system to devise and enforce fairly arbitrary regulations on how certain properties can be used, because those regulations foster the artificial scarcity that drives oligopoly capitalism (which allows for global competitiveness), and the revenue stream of the state. i find it strange that copyright and intellectual property law receive all this hate when many other laws do very similar things. 
it would be like that joke of a "use tax" on income tax forms, ie it up to you to fill it out.  since, they'd run into the same issue that other internet taxes have; business don't want to have to deal with hodge-podge system.

wasn't taxation without representation one of the reasons colonists started shooting at redcoats?

this tax would be the death knell digital downloads, and dramatically increase demand for unauthorized sources.

also, i find the lack of merchantability of the  products that are deemed "digital downloads" more then enough reason to warrant that no taxes be collected until that is addressed.

well, if the question is how, the answer is that they have the power to do so. if the question is how is it ethical, the answer is there are many arbitrary taxes, none of which have any other better justification except that the legislation that the people elected thought it was fair at their given historical moment. how can they tax income? how can they tax property? how can they tax at all? these were all questions in their historical moments. taxes extend to where the money is, and it's all totally arbitrary in the end. some taxes seem "more fair" to us in part because they have existed for so long. 

but with regards to this law, i would go read the full page. they specifically address non-commercial sharing as one of the exceptions, which would seem to exempt open source software. i think this phrasing is probably geared towards subscription models of content delivery that don't charge on a per-content basis (possibly netflix), illegal file-sharing perhaps, and perhaps even complimentary gifts that a company tacks on to reward loyal customers or whatever. i know you're concerned about these as well, but it's important to differentiate it from the open source bogey you raised.

[citation needed]
occasionally, i have to maintain a fleet of golf carts. the batteries are super-heavy, and they are so electrochemically volatile that i am constantly replacing battery cables. and if you don't neutralize the acid in the battery compartment, they eat away the metal framework. 

great tech for an ad, but i sure wouldn't want it in my car.
they are for real. some of our people (i2p project) shared a table with them on 25c3. they're for real :-)

congratulations with the release, miseriou!
my wife has the nokia n95 with a 5 megapixel (and the carl zeiss optics).  it does take some pretty good photos.  based on that if i wanted a decent camera phone, i'd go a high end nokia.
well, yes and no. for legal purposes "download" means different things that it does colloquially. i would argue that the reason for this discrepancy isn't necessarily because they don't understand it, but because they needed a term to describe something more specific than the term download describes in general usage. there are many words that have totally different meaning in the legal sphere than they have in the public sphere. it doesn't mean lawmakers don't understand the general usage. it just means that language is limited and people often have to enlist what they can to describe things in a legal setting, and those definitions get refined after the beginning of the process to mean differently than they once did. this process occurs in business and science and every other field. the term "force" meant something different before newton, but he took it and redefined it because he liked the way it sounded. the term "market" was never a verb until businesses started using it that way. it's poor form to say that a word shouldn't be redefined, or to limit that charge to the legal sphere.
"everyone has doubts about everything at the moment and we do not have the slightest beginnings of an answer yet," said armed forces spokesman christophe prazuck.

i guess that we need to wait and see before throwing out any speculatiions. 
your assuming the tax is justified.

what service is the state providing for this tax?

i really can't think of any service that any state provides that would justify the tax.  which is why just like mail order companies they should not be taxed unless the customer is in the same state where they have a presence. 
woah, includes a star dot matrix printer and a vax(?that big closet, last shown?) ;-)
the roads and hospitals (telecom infrastructure/services as well) have existing taxes funding them.  

i think the tax has to be justified, ie what service is going to be provided?


rather, an automated _collation into a spreadsheet_
ever?  better than porn? better than peanut butter? 
or peanut butter porn?
also, feel free to subscribe and submit to the [wolfram_answers](http://www.reddit.com/r/wolframalpha_answers/) subreddit
man, the people who painted abbey road sure had no idea how to draw a straight line.
    apt-get install lunar-lander
are these the hutongs near the bars and the lake?
it's hypnotizing... can't click close...
they apparently figured out the space problem. now it comes down to the issue of time, n'est-ce pas?
someone noticed!
pancake? pancake?

pavement pizza, drain cover but never a pancake.
yet none of the responsibility (in a legal sense).
seriously, is it wrong to masturbate to this? i'd like to know because i am having an argument with a librarian who is adamant that it is wrong, and yet, i vigorously disagree. heh, i said 'vigorously'.
the very first overclocking showdown in pi.
shoulda used hardened linux.

*(i know what you wanna do. go ahead cuz it was worth it...)*
microsoft bought up a company that did this and released a tech demo windows product that is already obsolete, and a few other random shit things to try and push their silverlight crap on people.

google acquire / develop tech and nurture it to usefulness.

i watched a lot of tech demos on cameras that plot 3d points using stereoscopic imagery, and i was wondering **why google, why didn't you use stereoscopic camera?**.

i just realised. they did. but wiiiiiiiide stereoscopy. they used sequential images of a feature, over known distances and marker points, to generate the 3d fucken imagickery.

how awesome is that? all this time i was wondering what chess moves google were going to make, and they were raping my ass and planting drugs on me the whole time!

talk about being outsmarted.
!!!!!!

dear google, please use temporal data, feature tracking and other crazy shit so we can 'follow that car' through streets in street view, and virtually stalk hookers and rape stray animals.

thanks,

teh interpipes.
i wish they would get out of the van every 10 meters and fucken spraypaint a unix timestamp in 'violent white' spray paint, even if there is a person standing there.
ever since you were caught with that goat i've always been scared of this technology
oh yeah, google earth let's you do this, i wish they would project webcam data into the floor and let you see people cross roads in real time (and use server farms to aggregate and stream this, and then let you hire people using twitter to shoot people from a virtual clock tower, oh so much fun, and is it illegal? i don't think so, if you do, check again, i checked, and i didn't find it was illegal)
i was just wondering how this would be enforced?  would isp's be forced to handover information relating to this or would the tax be taken at the time of purchase/download?

also the wording is so ambiguous: 
&gt;if the digital product is acquired by means other than a purchase, the value of the digital product is determined by the retail selling price of a similar digital product.

okay, so i download the new version of unbuntu, then i get taxed like i just bought windows vista?
 
i am disappoint. no goatse.
there's also tools &gt; preferences &gt; advanced &gt; tab &gt; check "show thumbnails when hovering tabs". it shows an image of the page when you hover over the tab.
i am truly amazed.  just thinking about how to write something to identify the surfaces in the photos and then run it on a set of data as large as that gathered for maps makes my haed swim.  well done g.
surely not better than peanut porn butter?
i prefer a mental edit.
also the new beta has a new visual tab bar so you can see all your open pages. 
google diablo!
&gt; stop fearmongering, pirates always have and always will win the day.

many individual pirates have been successfully prosecuted over the years. maybe "the cause" lives on, but that won't help you if you get shafted by laws like this.
at what point does the human eye stop resolving additional video resolution? most people can't tell the difference between 720p and 1080p on a display more than two meters away.
i have a spyder i. it's pretty fucking awesome.
my initial reaction was "who are you and why do i care?" but after reading, i understand why he came to that conclusion. basically, it boils down to (1) 99% of the stuff people post is inane crap, and (2) spammers.
slowly but surely, we're closing the gap between film &amp; digital video. 

high-quality, low-speed 35mm stock will still be slightly better at around 10k, but how much of that difference survives post-processing is anyone's guess. imax will still be vastly superior until the next 16x bump circa 2020. somewhere in the middle, we should see a jump to 16-bit color channels for better dynamic range. if adobe and agrawal have their way, lightfield cameras will eliminate the need to focus. soon enough the whole apparatus will be a bucket with handles, housing a lovecraftian lens cluster at one end and a sensor the size of an elephant diskette at the other. the phrase 'point and shoot' will describe disposable cameras and the finest available equipment alike.

... but we still won't have 3d tv for some stupid reason or other.
can i sell the song i bought back to others after its price has increased and i've grown tired of it?
yes, much better. google maps is one of my favorite sites, and this feature improves it tenfold.
&gt; thompson and ritchie in the early days of unix

holy shit, it's the sicilian and tim curry in fake programmer beards.
waste of time

1)wind up the chroma by 20%

2)turn up the edge enhancement

3)alter the aspect ratio, so anything round, isn't
there is already a fairly well established subreddit for this:

http://www.reddit.com/r/alphainputs
you need to be pretty close to a fullhd screen to resolve it fully, and with 4k you need a real cinema experience in terms of filling up your visual field (of course no sharp seeing in the periphery, so it's wasted unless you look there). i must see i don't quite see the point in something i can't resolve.
anything that ends in "porn butter" can't be good.
"portable surveillance system. sirchie pss100. this item is in good condition and includes truck box. this item is very heavy and will require 2 people and a pickup truck to move!" 

a little unclear on the concept there probably comes along with mac portable
no, you cant be charged twice for the same crime.  since you have committed theft by taking the download you cant then be charged with tax evasion for not paying tax.

just like shoplifting!

edit: spg
my father always dreamed that one day i would be rich and powerful enough to be a tax cheat.  now at least my son can make that vision a reality.  i only wish he were here today &lt;quite sobbing&gt;
yes but not all people.  not people like you.

hah!
they can't ever become non-cheats. and the remaining half... well, there's always next year's returns.
ideally, there is first a need for revenue to pay for some specific service, and only then do they decide to levy a tax where it will be the most fair, and only just enough of one to cover the cost.

were they planning on upgrading your internet, is that why they need this? or is the plan to just tax every fucking thing in existence?
2015 sounds about right for wall sized tvs, now about that expandable pizza...

/let's not even get started on hover boards
i don't know how i feel about this.

it will mean less phishing and hacked account spam but it is a violation of free speech to block links from tpb.

maybe if you add some legit looking text to the url you won't be blocked. i could imaging it being a legitimate concern for facebook to block links to trojaned torrents.
noscript + reddit = headache. reddit throws me to tons of new sites every day and there always seems to be 2-3 things i need to enable or disable with noscript.
fantastic! reminds me of the photo analysis scenes in blade runner. 
this doesn't compare favorably to phase plasma rifle in 40-watt range.
making pot leaves was the only reason for me to learn about polar plotting on my ti-83 in class.
that's actually pretty slick.  i'm impressed.
they got raped.
i wonder if they do have other backups. 
and all those public cctv cameras begging to be incorporated into the google universe.

next step is merging bf2 gameplay into google earth...
better than that cake whoopie goldberg was eating in sister act?
inter-state sales aren't taxed (except a likely import tax for the business, but that's pre-sale).

and payment isn't the issue here, tax is, and if you don't know the difference we've got a problem on our hands.
upvoted for teaching me [a new thing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cant_(road/rail\)#roads).
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collaborative_editor
i guess that depends on the size of the display.

if displays keep continuing to grow in size then eventually we'll all have 100or even 200 inch tv screens in our living rooms. i'm sure the extra resolution would come in handy there.

i *do* worry about it being a huge distraction though. the first few times i watched a 720p movie i kept pausing it to look at the skin texture on the actor's faces. yes, i'm sad.
well it looks like the hacker killed off the other back up.


    ftp&gt; mdelete *


but any sensible person would have physical copies (i.e. other hds with backups completely offsite, etc)
fuck, brutal. what does the site look like at the moment? i'm at work and don't fancy getting a big fat warning message.
high guard!
'under a strict reading' is right! this shit would never work because they would have to charge everybody busted for illegal downloading as tax cheats. can you imagine the backlash of charging a 12 year old with tax evasion?
tax evasion and theft are two different crimes. cops stack charges on all the time. if you ever get a dui you will be charged with dui and reckless driving. if you ever resist arrest you will be charged with resisting arrest and disorderly conduct. i know this from personal experience (it was a bad night).
it's not connecting for me.

that was brutal but if they don't have offsite backups (especially considering the nature of their own damn website) then they've been insanely stupid.
yeah, but those are actually different acts (you can recklessly drive without being dui or dui without being reckless).

to charge someone with tax evasion and also downloading illegally would be like charging someone with murder and then tacking on attempted murder, assualt and battery and wounding.

single act means single crime means single conviction.

(sounds like a good night to me! ;))
good idea: making a more-anonymous bt client

bad idea: announcing it on a site more cynical than socrates is dead
q: how do you profit from a $300 movie in 2010
a: create a masonic aura in the gullible geek and gamer press/communities
hd tv has ruined many an actress who i previously thought to be flawless.

a tiny ripple of fat above the dress of an otherwise sexy girl... :(

(i know my standards are ludicrously unrealistic :p)
a crack search engine turns into a 'computer security site' only to get their server deleted 12 years later by an anti-sec group which makes the exploit public. wtf?
old
ouch... painful, but a nice reminder for us to dedicate some time to sorting out these things we tend to leave for later.
wow, that was some geekgasm! but something i'd like to know is how come france and england get resolution as good as a half-decent cheapy digital camera, yet in australia all we get is fuzzy-crap-o-vision?
you most certainly can get multiple charges for a single action. listen to the news. burglers get charged with burglary, receiving stolen property, trespassing, etc.

what you are confused about is double jeopardy. once you beat a rap in court, you cannot be tried under the same charge again even if they find new evidence, but they can charge and try you for something else. look at oj. beat the murder rap, was guilty under a different charge of 'causing the death' (or some shit) in civil court.

test my theory. go punch a cop in the face as hard as you can, and watch the flurry of charges they level against you for that single action.
but most importantly: we got entertained!
i always thought the site was astalavista.box.sk, and that still seems to be up.
i was going to post a maple leaf and say something campy about canada,  but i couldn't figure out how the hell to get reddit to display  http://www65.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=polarplot[(1+%2b+0.3+cos[8+t])+(1+%2b+0.14+cos[24+t])+(0.9+%2b+0.05+cos[200+t])+(1+%2b+sin[t])%2c+{t%2c+-pi%2c+pi}] as a link -=\
thats one of the search engines astalavista.com uses
much as i have a skateboard - a ferrari less $100,000.
so who is going to download firefox or microsoft patchs?
put a \\ in front of your \)'s. if you have \\\) instead of \), it will show up correctly. since reddit uses \) to denote the end of a link, it sees any \)'s in a link as the end of it, incorrectly.
i have said almost that exact sentence before while baked.
yeah, apparently not.  who downmods relevant, on-topic comments like these.

for a hobbyist, i think it would be better to have an electron microscope (in terms of the kinds of images you can make) than an afm.  from my experience, it's tough to get an afm to make interesting pictures, unless you have cool materials at hand.
crap! i started tooling around abbey road and got lost.
they _did_ have offsite backups ...

first this:

    sh-3.2# cat /home/com/backup_system/backup.sh
    #!/bin/sh
    #####################################################################
    #                                                                   #
    #   incremental backup for astalavista.com                          #
    #                                                                   #
    #   author:    paulo m. santos &lt;paulo.santos@astalavista.com&gt;       #
    #                                                                   #
    #####################################################################
    [snip]
    prog_dir="/home/com/backup_system";
    backup_dir="/home/com/backups";
    dobackup_from="/home/com/domains/astalavista.com/public_html";
    # ftp for synology backup server
    ftp_host="212.254.194.163";
    ftp_port="21";
	(wont reproduce anymore here)

then a little later

    ftp&gt; ls -la
    227 entering passive mode (212,254,194,163,2,189)
    150 opening binary mode data connection for 'file list'.
    -rw-rw-rw-   1 astalavista.com users     23410936878 apr 29 22:10 09-04-28-astacom_full.tar
    -rw-rw-rw-   1 astalavista.com users     20617651590 apr 29 14:18 09-04-28-astacom_full.tar.bz2
    -rw-rw-rw-   1 astalavista.com users        88287111 apr 29 15:57 09-04-29-astacom_sql_full.sql.tar.bz2
    -rw-rw-rw-   1 astalavista.com users     26413034040 may  2 00:21 09-05-01-astacom-public_html.tar
    -rw-rw-rw-   1 astalavista.com users       277843549 may  1 17:29 09-05-01-astacom-sql_dump.tar
    [snip]
    226 transfer complete.
    ftp&gt; mdelete *

now lets all remember to have a.n.other machine connect to production systems and initiate backups etc...
what the hell was in g0tshell though? private litespeed exploit? 
i think it's a little too harsh to delete everything including offline backups! 
the astalavista guys must have pissed off the wrong guys..
what's wrong with an industrial co2 laser?
anyone else read this as "altavista.com"? i was about to make a comment about them still existing.
just wait until they use the technology for "their final solution (beta)". 

it's all great stuff, but in the wrong hands damn this stuff could be scary. 
wasn't this site just for search for warez and cracks?
dear government,


please stop spending my money on newer, fancier ways to murder people.  


thank you.


sincerely,

captain magic trousers
so you are rathe young then. thirteen judging from the content of your comment. and did you notice that he said he is giving away some of _his_ bands music. is that piracy you dimwitted mafiaa-propaganda-marinated twit?
so, where is the auction market for politicans?
box.sk =/= .com
does anyone who actually knows anything about audio want to interject something about comb filtering, line arrays, integration, etc.? no? neither do i, because this is fucking retarded.

upvoted for highlighting how retarded monster cable is.
it's not harsh, they asked for it:

&gt; go ahead, try and hack our server .

that's what the guy did. next time, they'll use more security, and maybe protect themselves from the script-kiddie exploits they provide.

it was a crappy website, i won't miss it.
the story sounds awesome, sort of like hellboy2: oppression of lower-tech cultures coupled with a vicious assault on mother nature. choosing the evil for sheer convenience and proud of it. my kind of movie!
astalavista.com is different than box.sk.
i guess you could say... 

-puts on sunglasses- 

...asta la vista.
...baby.

*yyyeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh*
the guy was using the right mouse button instead of the left.
is this a dying meme yet? i want to know whether i should upvote it or downvote it.
and if anyone has frozen their hard drive, does this work as a temporary fix or is it incredibly dumb? or both?
i hate it when people use the phrase "child safety" when they're talking about seeing porn on the internet.  a chance of seeing porn != unsafe. the first time i saw a naked lady, i was only 10 years old, and it didn't damage me a bit.  unless you count getting an erection every time i see a back issue of national geographic. 
my backups work on the push principle too. however, once transferred, i have processes working at the other end to take the files out of the drop-zone and apply change control to them.
i wouldn't expect so. microsoft is sort of [doing the same](http://virtuelvis.com/archives/2006/02/microsoft-censoring-msn-messenger) thing with msn messenger, and despite criticism, they haven't changed their ways. 
upvoted for groupthink..
downvoted for not using the formula (x^2)

edit: sorry, 2x, not 2^x *whips himself*
i'm also pretty worried about g0troot, that's a kernel already hardened against the vmsplice() exploit, which is the only succesful local root exploit for 2.6.18+ i can find any info on.
jesus fucking christ that was epic. when s/he got the details of the offsite backup i just laughed. and then they dropped the databases! totally destroyed.
i assumed it was that until reading your comment.

/fail
don't get me wrong.. i've never been a fan of astalavista (actually i would've never guessed they were still around), still i think that deleting everything is pretty harsh, i mean you hacked them, you proved your point, you proved that they were hackable.. going throught the effort to delete even offline backups is something that goes beyond proving a point, looks like the spawn of a grudge to me..
i've used the freezing trick and it does work (in some cases, depending on what exactly is mechanically wrong with the drive) i dont really understand the physics behind why the freezing trick works - but i've used it 2 or 3 times over the past 5 years and it worked for me. yes - it is "temporary" - basically it only buys you enough time to get the data off. (until the drive warms back up, and which point it usually starts failing again). in one case (after the drive warmed back up) i let it cool down to room temp and refroze it and repeated this cycle several times until i got all the customers data. 

is it dumb?... i guess that depends on who you ask. the way i figure it, the drive is already dead/dying.. .you dont have much to lose. if the freezing trick gets your data back - that seems pretty smart to me. 

* repeat after me: keep your data in multiple locations. i use microsoft synctoy to duplicate my data across 3 different drives. if one goes bad, meh, i just crush it and replace it. 
yeah, i've not seen such a brutal hack before. i will be keeping this in mind when sorting out my next set of backup scripts.

this guy used every tool they used to make their life easier against them. 
i love how their comments go from a lively discussion on security to an argument on grammatical errors and the proper plural form of virus. 
[never gets old](http://www.epiconeliner.com)
it can work. my understanding is the drastic temperature change works to flex the metal disks, causing them to separate if they've become stuck together after crashing into one another. clearly, this isn't foolproof. 

a friend of mine managed to put a hard disk into an external casing, and put the casing itself into the freezer. he said he managed several 20 minute sessions where it was possible to get some data copied. the drive would fail again sometime after heating up.

i had less luck in a similar instance, though i did manage to rescue many files. i did not run the hard disk directly from a freezer; i just put it in for a few hours. i first wrapped it in a paper towel and then put it in plastic. 

your mileage may vary, as they say. you may get nothing off of your disk, but i think it's worth a try. good luck.
hack != destroy.

it's smart to turn down your volume first, if you intend to visit that link.
freeze it.
he's a delusional, radical zealot.  he needs medication.  seriously.

this is the kind of behaviour you expect from suicide bombers.  timothy.  mcvey.
completely wrong location
    linux asta1.astalavistaserver.com 2.6.18-128.1.10.el5

is affected by the vmsplice() exploit
which affects

    linux 2.6.17 - 2.6.24.1

he haxed them with script kiddy tools.
at one time. the "security site" thing seemed like wishful re-branding to me. 

for years i've found little more than deceptive links to subscription-only services (hello spam, goodbye credit card #), and crac-- uh, *educational resources* that are outdated or infested with malware.
who knows how they backup server is run. it could have been a system that does snapshots which could easily be rolled back. they could also do tape backups of that server that could be restored. 
no, 2.6.18-128.1.10.el5 is the redhat enterprise branch of the kernel. it contains backports of the vmsplice() fix.
i agree, groupthink should be upvoted.
i agree
the funniest part:
&gt; those so called "security professionals" who charge you $6.66 / month to register at their hack-proof portal, save your passwords in plaintext... brilliant!

http://pastebin.com/f751e9f5b

oh man that was pretty funny. the guys that did this hack have a sense of humour. but even then -- md5 is not going to really protect a password.

if u got r00t, ur in so nothing else matters.
"ofcourse man, i was listening to this band back when they were costing just 23 cents."
i did. then i felt stupid because i kept reading it as altavista.
not far above what that skydiver did.
http://74.125.155.132/search?q=cache:jamegvuuqjij:rpmfind.net/linux/rpm/asp/i386/updates/12.1/x86_64/kernel-devel-2.6.18-128.1.10.el5.asp121.x86_64.html+backports+vmsplice+2.6.18-128.1.10.el5&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=au

hmmmm

* sun feb 10 2008 don zickus &lt;dzickus@redhat.com&gt; [2.6.18-80.el5]
  - [fs] check permissions in vmsplice\_to\_pipe (alexander viro ) [432253] {cve-2008-0600}

so it was fixed ages ago?

we are now upvoting a hacker news thread, which is the equivalent of digging a reddit threat, which is the equivalent of farking a digg thread.
all traffic is now forwarded from [live.com](http://live.com)
yeah, this is some new unpublished exploit.
now that's some cool shit, much better than horrible google square.

edit: decided to test-drive it in the hilly san francisco, and it [doesn't work as well](http://imgur.com/07n7x.jpg) (thinks an uphill street is a wall). edit: woah, [it gets worse](http://imgur.com/con3p.jpg).
yo dawg!
&gt;but any sensible person would have physical copies (i.e. other hds with backups completely offsite, etc)

while i agree with you, unfortunately in the fast paced world of computer technology sometimes the backup plan is the only plan. so by not having a good plan, astalavista may have been pwnd permanently.

even then, let me explain the problem:

1. astalavista is no longer defacto in security. they stored text passwords.

2. a huge rewrite of their system is going to be needed even if they have a backup.

3. there is no telling if their "backup" won't contain the same breech points anyway.

4. they fucked up bigtime and now they have poo on their faces. who is going to keep paying them $7 a month?
did anybody else click through and then get lost reading the derail thread about virus vs. virii vs viri? i think i found that discussion more interesting the the astalavista hack itself.
so far my best square has been searching "twitter"

hello jack dorsey!
wow thats quite fascinating... 

so what i learned: 

* empty all bash_history files - never use passwords on the commandline 

* check perms to restrict folders unter home (0700) different users/groups for each user 

* delete or encrypt (loopback, truecrypt, gpg) all randon stuff in the homedirs

* use a hardened kernel e.g. grsecurity better: freebsd/openbsd even better: restrict root/user privs with gradm 

* seperate everything with strong permissions e.g. don't put fucking cron scripts in your public_html folder... 

* .my.cnf considered harmful 

* only give webserver the minium rights, run under different user

* no plain text passwords ever

so i have no clue about security - but i guess with 2 days of work and grsecurity/gradm and some thoughts about file organisation this could have been avoided... 

so they deserve it 
why not?  the mercury can only physically escape from a broken cfl if it's broken while it's turned on, (ie the hg is vaporized).  otherwise there is no danger from breaks, and when they eventually die, there are mercury recycling programs set up to take them.  seems like a pain, but it's really not that different/more troublesome than properly disposing of batteries.

you could also consider skipping to the next technology ahead of time, and investing in some led bulbs.
http://www.thinkgeek.com/gadgets/lights/9ceb/

of course, it's all your choice, just wanted to point out that the mercury is not as big a deal as some people claim.
same here, and i knew *both*. odd.
sounds like you are the mouth breather who loves partisan politics.
i'm older than unix?

fuck.
bah, they nailed my location but i'm using somebody else's wireless network 


at first i was all like, "this is dumb."

then everyone was all like, "this is cool!"

so i realized, "whoa! maybe i'm missing something here."

so i thought about it and realized, "yeah. this is cool and i agree."
then you are assuming the guy mowing his lawn isn't making a decent wage in his day job.  the fact that he owns a lawn mower and a home with a yard suggests otherwise.
&gt; the arm instruction set doesn't offer any really

arm is generally designed for low power.   (this isn't really instruction set though).   this is a big advantage in any battery powered device.  (though generally the disk and display eat more power)

&gt;the future likely wont be ix86 or arm

i wouldn't bet on that.

&gt; see, they did that because 68000 sucked

where did you get that idea.  68000 was great - at the time.   if they (mostly motorola) had worked 68000 like intel worked x86 it would still be better than 68000 today.   however risc was perceived as better at the time.  (it turns out risc has some good ideas that worked even better in cisc if you were willing to pay the very expensive engineering costs.   all cpus today can best be called a hybrid of risc and cisc)



&gt; ppc was axed because they wanted to conform with society

that was one reason, but not the biggest.   ppc was bigger in the embedded market, and so nobody was willing to give apple some things they needed in the desktop/laptop world that were not used in embedded.   apple needed something that would take care of their needs.

&gt; the ppc computers only ever sold well to select markets [snip] after the switch to intel (and the awkward period), we quickly started selling more macs then we ever had,

that has more to do with apple's marketing/management at the time.   m68000 was completely dead for several years before the first x86.   jobs knows how to sell computers, ppc was picking up sales when he took over, but x86 was what he decided to go for (see above).

&gt; doom3 on ppc was almost unusable (and i had a pretty high end powermac at the time, where people on pc with similar hardware got great fps).

a few examples of bad ports do not reflect the instruction set, so much as lack of effort for a platform that was perceived as a nearly dead also-ran.  doom3 may have sucked, but it wasn't because of a technical problem with the ppc.
you're still here?
i think you're thinking of [astalavista.box.sk](http://astalavista.box.sk) (nsfw), which is a separate entity and is working just fine.
thank god...i was scared there fr a moment
hmm what about having 2 virtual machines on your server 

* one production vm 

* and one vm that has the production vm read-only mounted and cares about backup? 

in this scenario the attackers would have to break out of the prod vm to gain backup access... 

is this a valid idea? or did i overlook something?
beyond the mere debate staged is the impressive fact that multiple "latin nerds" ended up on that messageboard. where are all the latin nerds on reddit? we only seems to see grammar nazis (and pun aficionados). 
agreed. i wish more people would get the context of what hacking is:

hack = create

crack = break
i know a couple of victoria's secret billboards that i would like to "interact" with ... if you know what i mean???
sounds like reddit except the argument on grammatical errors would be the top comment and the lively discussion on security would be buried in the middle.
yes, groupthink should be upvoted.
ah, cripes.
oh.... shit
agreed.
&gt; how awesome is that? all this time i was wondering what chess moves google were going to make, and they were raping my ass and planting drugs on me the whole time!

with an imagination like that you probably can enjoy fence painting or data entry. a truly lucky (wo)man.
this is what happens when w3c says no to the &lt;sarcasm&gt; tag.
the cracker got root through some unknown exploit though... game over
&gt; and rape stray animals.

i am so tired of having to leave out milk saucers to feed my rape addiction.
badly in amsterdam. i think all the bike and tram lanes are fucking with them.
that veronica vaughn is one hot piece of ace, i know from experience dude. if you know what i mean.
no, i never have.
ouch. plus as always with passwords, those could be used by those people elsewhere. i wonder if the crackers altered the info since they were after astalavista.com and not necessarily its users. or maybe they think the users are just as bad.
i think we should upvote groupthink
actually, it can be taxed. some linux distros are sold at retail. i wonder if for the purposes of taxes, having the operating system sent to you on optical media via snailmail for a fee (as is the case with debian, ubuntu, etc), also counts.

rhel would certainly count.

these stupid laws are also now claiming anything that you pay a subscription fee for already, to download or stream data, are also taxable. itunes, netflix, etc all all under this. google search (and the other search engines) falls under this (das), as do flickr and software like picasa (which might get you taxed twice, once for original download and once because it allows you to upload and share, again das). want to buy games via steam? have fun paying another tax in addition to sales tax.

this is just ridiculous.

washington state, thanks for attempting to tax the hell out of microsoft, but geez, you guys really fucked over your citizens, both human and corporate. expect quite a few to at the very least, relocate all of their data centers and sales divisions outside of your state.
buy a canon ixus and duct tape a startac to it.
it's like that surveillance system hat homer wore to bust apu.

&gt;kent: we've come up with a camera so tiny it fits into this oversized novelty hat.

&gt;[homer puts it on, and struggles to stand upright] 

&gt;now, go get us some incriminating footage, and remember: you have to get in and out in ten minutes, or you'll suffer permanent neck damage.

&gt;man: [neck horribly twisted] he's not kidding.

[what would that make this?](http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16898)
i've bought stuff at the brick&amp;mortar stores, never online. i don't remember ever giving them my email address. i wouldn't have if they asked me.
upvoted for the minute-by-minute description of the minutiae...we were all worried abt what to do, now we have an algorithm! 
&gt; they specifically address non-commercial sharing as one of the exceptions, which would seem to exempt open source software. 

what part of free commercial software doesn't exist in foss. free to do as i wish. which includes making money or building a business model around. the only thing i cannot do with it(gpl) is alter the code, distribute my altered version then hide my changed source. but there are other open source licenses which do allow such free for commercial use derivatives. 




sorry, it's 2x.

2x: yyeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhh  
x^2: yeeeeaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

edit: it's okay, we forgive you. :d
i've seen this resolution demo at a trade show and it was amazing. it required two projectors weighing in over 400kg or abt 880lb to a screen at 300inches (it can obviously do much bigger screens..) the 20 min clip had shots of an entire village covered in snow, and you could see each individual going about his/her life. and the 22.2ch surround sound..overkill, but i loved it. (pls forgive any mobile safari typos) 
i would, but [he never posted anything](http://www.reddit.com/user/groupthink).
yeah,. but people have said that about a lot of inventions that turned out to be needed/wanted/useful. 

my local city government has a twitter account with around 350 followers. granted, thats not a huge amount - but the city updates include things such as reminders about street closures or upcoming festivals to health warnings and community/volunteer events. many businesses in my area user twitter to communicate with customers or send reminders about upcoming sales or special events. 

one time recently when i was severely sick and dehydrated, i updated my twitter to ask if anyone would bring me some gatorade (because i was to weak to leave the house) .... some one did. 

twitter is a tool like anything else. if you fill it will useless shallow crap (what i ate for breakfast, hey i'm in the bathroom,etc).. then yeah, it'll be useless. if you use it intelligently to network and spread/share information, then it can be another point of communication that helps you connect with people around you. 
finally there's a use for wolfram alpha
off topic but it seems like since the release of wolfram and bing, a lot of google improvements have been in the spotlight lately.  could be a bit of baader-meinhof, but i'm no jenny jones.
carusooneliner is going to kill you for that.
yes, and with his left hand, that idiot.. oh wait
we still like hn
&gt;the argument on grammatical errors would be the top comment

...under the pun thread, of course
a new unpublished exploit that a script kiddie can just run against the linux kernel and there's no patch for it already?

ruh roh, shaggy....
whenever i see a hn link on reddit i worry and wonder how long it will be until hn's frontpage is all lolcats...
my main issue with his post is that even in the case of "linux windows", the actuals results are all pro-linux, linux sites or neutral (wikipedia)

so if microsoft was trying to persuade you to avoid linux, it is one big fail.
scary, huh?
or, attach a tape drive to the machine that's doing backups and dump things off to tape frequently. i bet they didn't do that..
this article was pretty ridiculous imo.
still, you've got to admire their discussion of latin plurals.
that was sorta the point of my own statement.
i love my lg dare. 3.2mp, camcorder records up to 640x480 at i am assuming 30fps. very pleased with it. full screen viewfinder as well, auto focus, led flash (blue tint though) not too shabby. here are some demo pics i took since i got it in december...

http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3601/3326496219_de7f3791e1_b.jpg

http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3388/3571286269_3fa971f37a_b.jpg

http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3405/3565738938_d8e2a04e01_b.jpg

http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3622/3564916055_d9a598bcf6_b.jpg


definitely!
this may be the greatest thing i have ever seen.  bravo to whoever pulled this off.
why are you all assuming this is a run-of-the-mill script kiddie?
the efficiency of gas engines *has* quadrupled since this mustang engine was built...
has any independent lab proved this? no.

has another company licensed the technology and duplicated the 'success'? again, no.

if it smells like snake oil, guess what...
red 28k
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:28k_red_camera.png
the red 617 will have more photosites (261,352,000) than all the rods and cones in both your eyes (126,000,000 x 2 eyes = 252,000,000).
i know... i have been trying to teach my wife to stop double clicking the internet for years. now she is going to stop and when she goes to use this i have to explain that this is ok to double click... thanks google.
500 ft lbs. wtf is ft lbs.
for torque and moments i have always been taught nm (newton metre's) which seems far more logical.
100 ft/lb =  135.43 nm
i don't. think for yourself! fight the power! wolverrrrineeesss!
surely a simple delete isn't going to actually destroy the data on the ftp server? or do enterprise raid setups or file systems make undeleting harder?
see above: plaintext admin passwords. lol
can you imagine the sort of destruction we could cause with anti matter based rounds?!
this meme has clogged our illustrious comments sections. this meme voted to keep itself high on the comments of reddit, multiple times. this meme won't go away.

when it comes time to vote, make sure you make the **right** choice: vote no to this meme. with so much at stake, can we afford *not* to?

    paid for by the downvoting memes committee for cleaning up reddit.
the parent site astalavista.box.sk is still in business (some nsfw adds) 
this, coming from linux.com.
they spin porn out really well. i only tried bing for the first time yesterday after reading the fox news rant. what a bunch of brainless toads. bing can't get past age verification any easier than a 12-year-old can. it can demo play any vids it finds because those vids aren't age protected.

i think this is the first thing that microsoft
has managed to do right in the last 20 years.
it looks like i'm going to stick to newton-metre's because i do not like that. suppose its because uk and europe have forgotten those units.
eh?
that's seriously awesome.  i really wouldn't have guessed that this sort of technology would be available in consumer form so soon.
&gt; astalavista is no longer defacto in security. they stored text passwords.

they were a defacto at some point ??
undelete on ext2 and friends can be a serious bitch, but provided nothing was written over the deleted blocks, not impossible.
that would be a fine solution, yes.  personally, i have my backups saved locally at first, and a backup server connects and pulls them via a read-only sftp user with minimal permissions... but that's mainly because my backup server is behind a nat. 
the fact is, though, even without the 0-day root exploit, they were already able to nuke all the site's data. getting root is more of a 'look at me, i totally own the box' thing than something that practically helps a hacker in a) disrupting the attacked site or b) making the machine part of a botnet to send spam / irc floods / ddos attacks.

also, a salted md5 crypt(), given relatively strong passwords, is still pretty hard to get at.
yeah, lucky they used rm and not shred or something alot worse. if they don't have proper offsite backups then they would probably beable to recover all the data
&gt; game over 

actually not. if you're calling yourself a expert security community and say to your users "hack this site" you should at least use some of the long known and working security frameworks that restrict root permissions and work at various other levels. 

if they had really cared and implemented e.g. selinux or apparmor the attackers would not have been able to look around or gain root because they had no chance to execute anything...
good
isn't the actual website astalavista.box.sk? i don't remember them actually using the .com address.

i remember them from back in the day--one of the first sites to post cracks and serials online. 
well if you assume someone uses the same password for that site as they do another site, then md5 can make a huge difference. if you md5 a secure case sensitive password that is 12+ chars with numbers, letters, symbols, etc. then it is going to be much harder to find than if the password is just in plain text. of course, if that password is only used on that site and no where else, then it doesn't matter how encrypted it is, because the box is owned and it really doesn't matter if they know your password or not.
for now
you can downvote it for being a shitty caruso.
here, let me google that for you...

http://www.google.com/search?q=define%3a%22foot+pound

and

http://www.google.com/search?q=500+foot+pounds+in+newtons+meters
buttered cop porn?
problem is the salt is in the food. you can find the salt. whatever happened to that md5 project that could supposedly find any hash's bacon?
i was there a few weeks ago.

it kicks ass.
heh. i accidentally told everyone around me that alta vista got hacked. oops. 
they don't all all conflict if you take into account that quite a few mainstream linux os distros "sell" copies of their os in retail outlets, online, or via a small fee for cd/dvd on their own websites. rhel, ubuntu, suse, debian, etc all fall under this tax umbrella.
i also knew both.
yes, mrbabyman is infact a dying meme
the primary protection offered by salt is against dictionary attacks targeting all passwords at the same time. it also protects against rainbow tables, or at least makes them less practical. with a salt you need to keep track of $numberofpossiblesalts md5 checksums per password in the dictionary, instead of just one. the salt size for md5 crypt() is 8 characters. i'm not sure what the restrictions are, but i bet there's at least 48 bits to be had there. so in terms of rainbow tables, that is 2^48 * 8 bytes for _each_ word in your dictionary. that's a lot of dvds.

apart from the salt business, crypt() does a much more elaborate dance than just pushing (salt + plaintext) through an md5 pipeline. it does 1000 passes, for starters. people who use php/mysql md5(plaintext) for passwords should be shot.

soon, i'll upvote people... *with my mind*!!!
yeah this seemed quite lacking in the "how it actually works" department
oh shit open office is the bomb
because he was afraid of the risk. can't say i blame him, but hindsight is 20/20
&gt; some things are more expensive than people want to pay for

then those who want to use the roads for that purpose should pay for them.  not me or you.  that you want to use the roads for x purpose does not mean that you have the right to point a gun at me to get the money, or deputize someone else to do it for you.

&gt; so society pays for them, and benefits.

this is just an euphemism for "every person gets money taken forcefully from them, regardless of their desire or actual benefit from that 'transaction', and if they disagree, we destitute them and put them in a cage".  the actual, palpable truth doesn't sound as nice as your euphemism that hides what actually takes place.  and the reason it doesn't sound nice is because it *isn't* nice -- it's perverted.

learn to call a spade a spade.  don't weasel out on me using bellyfeel expressions.
i've spent a fair amount of time looking at the building i am currently in, trying to see if i can see the spot i'm sitting in, and then getting exceptionally creeped out.
&gt;they specifically address non-commercial sharing as one of the exceptions, which would seem to exempt open source software.

i'm not sure the non-commercial exemption would apply to foss, as it's hard to say whether or not foss is "commercial" despite being "free". it would probably depend on the software in question, and its license.

more importantly, something like shareware is *absolutely* commercial, but the downloads themselves are generally free of charge. this kind of free download also seems to have an exemption, but it involves an absurd level of bureaucracy. the "purchaser" has to get an "exemption certificate" from the department of revenue, which they must present to the "seller", who must keep it on file. they don't specify the process for obtaining an exemption certificate, but it sounds like you have to do it for each download. the long and short of it is that nobody is ever going to do it, and the state is not going to be able to do anything about it.
when can we expect the same for apple?  after all they make it very difficult to buy previous copies of their operating system.
it runs on hot air and bull shit!
this is a good plan. get the lhc team on it immediately! 
yeah, good luck recovering a 20 gb file if certain inodes are missing.  there *were* three of them in that directory...
nice little trick.
how can you *force* someone to sell something?
with laws. they made it, they still have it, they can either do as the government say or stop doing business in russia.
better question: how can you justify it?
2^48*8 = 2,251,799,813,685,248 * 32 (size of each md5) = 72,057,594,037,927,936 / 4700766208 (size of average dvd) = approx 15,328,904 dvds!!!!

so about 15 million dvds to render md5 extinct.

now if we get past that and memory keeps redoubling eventually there will be enough room on the average storage device to render md5 useless.
it is a different site.  i think they trunked off as some point because the .com site used to link to the .box.sk site, but they stopped that around a year ago.
the entire auto industry has been hard at work improving the efficiency of the 4-stroke motor since the first prototype in 1860. this man claims to have **quadrupled** the efficiency of the average 4 stroke motor (see bottom of article). all while working on a shoestring budget with a handful of employees. no mention of the inventor's qualifications, backgrounds, or methods. in fact, he just says that they "use better tolerances"

this article was essentially written for the same people who eat up the vaccine-autism links promoted by celebrities and parents who 'just know' these things. people seem to love stories that show someone completely unqualified coming to a better scientific conclusion than highly qualified engineers / doctors at large corporations.

cheering for the underdog? or just another sign of anti-intellectualism in society today?
of course the car will cost $80k and nobody will ever see one.

if the technology worked we'd see a 150hp version  in a camry or a chevy that got 200mpg. 

i smell a rat
it's for the good of the public, so that they're not forced to buy a version that sucks more than the previous one.
&gt; * 32 (size of each md5)

i was assuming efficiently storing the md5 checksum in its 128bits glory, hence the *8 in my original. so it's _only_ 479,028 dvds. but, this is important, that is for a _single_ word. let's say you want to track all possible 1-4 character combinations of [a-z0-9], you will need (36^4 + 36^3 + 36^2 + 36) * 479,028 = 827,570,688,912 dvds.

828 billion dvds to render md5 obsolete. for really short passwords that contain no uppercase.

edit: oops, 128bits is 16 bytes. so make that a cool 1.6 trillion dvds. hope we can get them without paying an mpaa tax.
fta : "according to the image above, best buy will offer customers to order a windows 7 home premium upgrade for $49.99 and windows 7 professional upgrade for $99.99."
that vista is better than xp sort of renders that a moot point.
maybe here: http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics
a bunch of people on efnet irc say that it was hacked by some guy named darkpontifex or some group called dikline or something. supposed to not be a litespeed vuln its actually an ntp daemon vuln just changed the name to confuse people.
facebook went downhill after it stopped being a college-only site :(
that's a reddit clone!
because passwords work by comparison of md5 results, it doesn't matter if you have the right password or not if you get the right md5.

more about that here:
http://www.faqs.org/rfcs/rfc1321.html

thanks a lot, i thought i had a lock on this at $440, now look where it is, you had to go and tell everyone :(  now everyone wants this for their playroom.
i guess altavista couldn't hack it
this is an old internet myth.  http://www.clickorlando.com/automotive/16768626/detail.html

as soon as top gear (or other reputable group) does a story on this, then i'll believe it.
xp is nearly 8 years old, and will be 2 generations old this year. why on earth would they still want it?
wow, just wow. 


edit: couldn't be that public ptrace_attach() local root..?
i call shenanigans.
i remeber reading an article a few years back from some local station out of, i believe, salt lake city, about a local inventor who claimed to have developed a super efficient transmission that puts what the large car companies produce to shame.  nothing ever came of it, of course.  if these super technologies existed/were viable, they would be commercially available.  
as someone on hn pointed out, they could still have arranged pull-based backups, so that even getting root on the primary machine wouldn't compromise the backup
they relied on root's bash history to get at the backup server
http://tinyurl.com/p2vqbt ?
*aficionadae
didn't people say this when dvd came out?


i'm looking forward to downloading season 16 of lost in 4320p, weighing in at 60tb per episode :) 
i'm certainly not going to vouch for this guy, but the article mentions that the engine doesn't produce 400hp and get 110mpg at the same time.  maybe it can shut down most of the cylinders during cruising.
i don't care about video, but give me a 4320p monitor. my 30" 1600p doesn't cut it and i could use 8 times the real estate. 
it's arguably worse if it's not.  how do you patch a hole that you know almost nothing about?
i'm not sure how much more you can get by increasing tolerances. they are already pretty damn high to begin with at around .001 or less for a lot of engines out there already. 

while i am not going to automatically dismiss the possibility of such, without any support of the claims of making a better engine other than "you know we just made it erm... better" i'm afraid i will have to join everyone else here in calling bs.
i was hacking away at the tree stump with my axe. i was creating the tree stump?
i thought the federation outlawed anti matter weapons.
holy crap, they *do* look like that.
or run the turbo (assuming there is one), timing, and injectors in different modes for performance or economy.
the front page will temporarily be turned into a discussion about instances of responsible government spending to scare away all the redditors. 
the circle of life.



the ciiiiiiirclee of liiiiiiiiiiiiffffeeeeeee
horsepower? foot-pounds? why not tell us how many roods it gets to the hogshead?
why does this not have more karma!!!! this is awsome!
i'd like to see him do a public demo first.
i talk to people constantly who think that big oil and big [insert industry here] look for folks like this, buy them out and bury the technologies. they are convinced that they should get 80 mpg in their hulking trucks. i'm sure this poor bastard's demise will be seen as another piece of the conspiracy.
dammit! for a second i thought this might be about emotiv's epoc headset. alas, still no release date. :(
easy casting for the prequel to pirates of silicon valley, i guess.
actually, it's already available:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neural_impulse_actuator
according to [this article](http://www.mustangevolution.com/200809151139/) from last september, he was claiming 80mpg on his test mustang.  an independent (informal) test at that time came up with 63mpg...not bad, but a bit short of his claim (21%).

the inventor has also stated "it's still a rod-and-piston engine; it just has a lot more electronics on it."  i suspect that this technology is like so many other high-efficiency powerplants that have been developed: great mileage while it's working, but so complex and delicate that it won't withstand real-world use without constant and expensive maintenance.

of course it would be super-cool if i were proven wrong.
luke! luuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuke!
awesomez.  thank you!
nobody cares about apple.
100% pure snake oil.

keep your money in your pocket!
i just made a international news report that albert t. vista, (actor, stuntman, chemical physicist), was found hacked to death. my credibility is now ruined.
you are the man.
1-tc/th, assuming room temperature for tc and 212 f for th, is .20

if this guy "quadrupled the industry efficiency of .08", he is in violation of the laws of thermodynamics
are you saying i just tweeted?
&gt;in my house, we obey the laws of thermodynamics! [smashes lisa's perpetual motion machine]

-homer simpson
he's breaking some laws of thermodynamics, if [this guy](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8q32h/400_bhp_500_ft_lbs_of_torque_and_oh_by_the_way_it/c0a2yi8) is to be trusted. (it's been awhile since i've had a thermo class, and there's no way i'm going to see how much of it i can pull out of my ass while at work. ymmv)
and in this house, we obey the laws of thermodynamics


[reference](http://improvidentlackwit.com/lackwit/2006/08/22/thermodynamics)

edit: sonofabitch... uncreative_name posted while i was verifying the quote
no, but it's a different context.

in the context of computer jargon, several good definitions of the word hacker can be found at:

http://catb.org/jargon/html/h/hacker.html

the description of malicious user of computers as hackers is an invention of the press and hollywood.
great movie (groundhog's day for those of you who care.)
for varying definitions of the word "better".

wait... i just noticed your username.

troll?
or use something like [tarsnap](http://www.tarsnap.com/), where you can give machines write-only keys which cannot delete existing backups; the best an attacker can do is upload crap and cost you some money.
i have been levitating objects with my mind since i was 12 and began taking an interest in the front of the jc penny catalog instead of the back where the toys were. 
i just up'd every odd post and down'd every even post because i couldn't decide if group think was good or not, but i didn't want to sit around without modding _someone_ up.
cough::bullshit::cough.
except written in lisp.
martian security defense network - 84th time

better as in more reliable, more secure, more features.
wow, just wow!
like i said, varying definitions of the word, "better". a lot of people don't like the fact that it is so slow and bulky (too feature-rich) in comparison to xp.
still, 110mpg is quite a stretch. it's still a carnot cycle, and in order to get that sort of efficiency out of the engine, it would have to be turning ridiculous amounts of chemical energy into mechanical + heat. no way, no how. in this house, we obey...
if a new word is discovered, or an existing word used to describe a new action, who is authorized to define the word in the new context?
which is funny, as hackthissite.org is one of the most insecure sites i've ever contributed to (i was the lead developer for a while, and spent much of that time closing up enormous security holes).
not to poop on the party, but the applications of this technology really are pretty limited.  the signal to noise ratio of eeg is pretty low, meaning, there is only so much it can pick up from your brain.  a good analogy i've heard of eeg is like trying to know what's happening in a football game by listening to the crowd from outside the stadium.  it's pretty cool, but it's not like this technology is going to be able to figure out what you're thinking, only *how* you're thinking and that doesn't really provide many options.  
probably uses the heat-from-manifold/gas-vapour-chamber bs that seems to hang on like a disease among the gullible.
sounds like fern valley to me.
meanwhile, in 2015...

"you mean you have to use your hands? that's like a baby's toy!"
tetsuooooo!!!

i want to buy one of these and do a double-blind test with different stimulants/nootropics.
well yeah,  but people of reddit tend to shy away from tinurls.
ya, because that kind of thing has never happened.
it isn't of modern hardware.
well this seems like a good idea, let's get the cost manageable and then change the world.

they don't do image analysis for surface identification if i understand this correctly. they build a 3d model using lasers on the cars and then overlays the images in pancake space.

&gt; we have been able to accomplish this by making a compact representation of the building facade and road geometry for all the street view panoramas using laser point clouds and differences between consecutive pictures.
if you take two machines with equivalent hardware, put xp on one and vista on the other, which will handle most operations faster?

there's a reason why i've worked as a software engineer for two software companies since vista came out, yet both companies have refused to use it, and use xp instead.
wow, what an even handed article.
that's what i was thinking too.  looking at the video, it's clear that it can read *something*, but it is not yet to a point where it can read something specific such as "push button #1" vs "push button #2".
nice, i like it. i'm used to make all art/cliparts/photo by myself, but these are nice additions.
&gt; ...under the pun thread, of course

...under the pun thread, of course.
from a guy on hn:
&gt;a bunch of people on efnet irc say that it was hacked by some guy named darkpontifex or some group called dikline or something. **supposed to not be a litespeed vuln its actually an ntp daemon vuln just changed the name to confuse people**.
&gt; you need a real cinema experience

it *is* for cinemas. i doubt consumer spec is gonna shift from 1080p for some time now. 
"unpublished" and "a script kiddie can run" are mutually exclusive...
oh wait, i, too, thought they meant box.sk. i think i've been to .com once, and it sucked.
wow, you are right. the flying cars had better materialize pretty fast though.
exactly. the most amazing part of this whole thing is that some guy from a toy company got a washington post writer to refer to the act of turning on fan hooked up to a plastic tube by thinking hard about literally anything as "levitating an object with your mind."
i wish i hadnt read that,  i love my sd1000, now im looking at it funny.
the vista / win7 system if the code in question in heavenly multi-threaded.  

the win7 system if the code makes lots and lots of concurrent graphics calls due to the multi-threaded enhancements in the graphics subsystems.

the vista/win7 system if the code in question makes use of the enhancements in regards to quality of service / low priority io in regards to the disk subsystems.

the vista system if using a modern graphics card with up2date drivers.

the xp system if it is resource constrained or not multicore.



so how high does it go when thinking of sex?
wasn't there something like this a little while back on reddit about a first person shooter type thing where the game would allow you to levitate balls, cars and barrels.  it's not far off, though i would agree that it appears to be limited to a sort of "off" / "on with level."  so really it appears to be more like a dimmer switch, not a keyboard.
bing really is an excellent search engine.  but, i'm still skeptical that something can approach google, given how ubiquitous it is.  microsoft would be the company to do it if it were to happen.
this isn't going to be one of those situations unless he isn't using an internal combustion engine. a high quality electric engine could produce these results fairly easily though.
wow, let me tell you what i would do with 100 mill....
very clever. now rip that, bloody pirates!

steel internal combustion engines have a [maximum efficiency of about 37%](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_combustion_engine#energy_efficiency). if the average car is running at about 8-10% efficiency as claimed (most modern engines are closer to 10-20%), its feasible. he isn't breaking any laws of thermodynamics, but he is claiming to turn a 1987 ford 4.8l v-8 into an engine that rivals generator hybrids for fuel efficiency ([his site](http://www.hp2g.com/)). there is no mention of the technology used in creating this. i remain highly skeptical.
yeah i'll believe it when i try it.
better implementation:

[brain pong](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcssbexbcby&amp;search=cebit%20computer%20hmi)
top gear?  reputable?  i'm confused.
because it works and older stuff may not have drivers for vista or windows 7, making it necessary to use xp.
altavista was equally entrenched, and they sidelined before they knew what hit them. i doubt bing (at least the current incarnation) will do that to google, or that anyone will take out google as quickly as google overtook altavista, but sooner or later they'll be dethroned.


110 mpbs when the hot air tanks are at 3.14 psi
men all over the world have had access to something similar for thousands of years now. concentrate hard on a naked woman, and levitation will occur.
e-mail's been a major draw to personal computers since day one, yet not much has been innovated in this area until more recently; what are some of the features of whatever service you now use (gmail, yahoo, or even desktop clients like thunderbird and opera) you would be hard-pressed to give up?

though, it's fewer keystrokes to get there and provides thumbnailed video porn with incredible smoothness.
i understand that this is a primitive form of a technology that i've known about for years but watching that video still had a rather powerful effect on me.

don't forget that the majority of people probably have no idea this is even a possibility. imagine a creationist who thinks science is hogwash being hooked up to this machine. i mean you can read about whatever technological advancements or new understandings we've gained but to many it's written in a bizarre language and sounds highly implausible. this is not a writing in a journal that sounds like science fiction or a dubious youtube video, its in front of you directly responding to your mind. it seemed to create a strong impression on the highly educated staff at the washington post, so i have little doubt it will have an impact on the average american. and the effects on individuals will be even more pronounced as this thing goes global. imagine taking this thing into a village in botswana.

i know its not cool to be dazzled by this sort of thing when your surrounded by tech nerds but consider that [20% of americans think the sun goes round the earth.](http://nutritionresearchcenter.org/healthnews/twenty-percent-of-americans-think-sun-revolves-around-earth/)

&gt;provides thumbnailed video porn with incredible smoothness.

if ms does win out, this will be why.  
sure the microscope is a steal.. but the electrons cost extra (i asked). ripoff, tryin to nickel'n dime yas...
imap.

your client leaves the messages on the server.
the real news here is that there will soon be cheap eeg headsets available in toy stores for interested hackers to play with...
obviously when i buy this toy, i don't drill a hole into my skull and insert electrodes into my brain.
delete yourself
obviously you didn't even bother to read the short description with the video.  this is an invasive technique in which an array of micro electrodes are implanted into the motor cortex.  
google talk integration, select all messages not just the ones displayed, filters, adding external email accounts.
that is exactly why i am excited about this. 
should have bought a nikon. snap!
er.... this isn't fark.
this literally just happened to my gf this week who has that camera.  i was just about to research it. 
about time. $150 to upgrade from vista premium to ultimate is absurd. it should be $50.
when a metric country comes close to the industrial capacity and capability of the united states, then we will welcome your euro-trash measurements that are based on an inaccurate frenchman's expedition.
this has potential. it could also utilize the power of the waves.

but the biggest problem with offshore wind farms is the transportation of the energy. you can't predict the amount of energy generated and you need ways of storing the energy. this can be hard with large offshore wind farms.

and if europe really wants to use large offshore wind farms they should all sit together and plan a 8mv line reaching from denmark to sicily and from the atlantic coast to russia (and even further once the russian net is connected to ucte).
there already is.  i have one, but i haven't really messed with it much.  [ocz nia](http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16826100006&amp;tpk=ocz nia).

honestly the proprietary software isn't so hot, but there are some open source people hacking on it now that are way smarter than i am and they have had some success.
windows 7 is 100% backwards compatible with xp. dont lump vista with 7.
not to mention accidentally turning them on. 
good. it's a crappy copy of astalavista.box.sk - one of the best web sites ever.
i was expecting airships... :(
you are forgetting 64-bit (i know about xp 64-bit, but i don't think anyone has them)
yeah, this is seriously oversold. all it can tell is how hard you are concentrating. it's the equivalent of a single analog knob which takes all your attention to turn.

not useful. not practical. just a toy.
"technology that existed only in the realm of science fiction"

"is there an extension cord?"
[last year emotiv demoed their gaming headset](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/6ixld/play_your_games_telepathically_with_300_headset/)


i remember seeing the math somewhere for how much force can be extracted in a perfect world with no friction or other losses from gas, and then take that figure and how much force it takes to keep a car moving at 60mph in an ideal world. i think it was about 280mpg (for a small car) at 100% efficiency, don't remember if that even included wind drag or not. the point is there is a physical hard limit to just how many mpg your going to get out of a car or truck, and a good portion of the losses come from air drag, friction, etc etc.
12
eeg is completely different from what is going on in that video.  eeg measures the electrical fields created by large populations of neurons which gives very little information about the underlying processing.  there are different kinds of signature waveforms but referring back to my analogy, there is only so much that can be interpreted at this level. you will not be able to record small populations of neurons with eeg because of basic physics behind what it is reading.  
aah the dreaded e18 error. there was some interest in a [class action](http://www.e18error.com/classaction.html) that seems to have fizzled out.
bleh. it is like an e-meter more or less. 
is bing the default search engine in ie? if so this may explain...

or people were just trying it out. it's probably too early to tell if it'll go on.
i will buy 2. 1 for the game as it is, the other to connect to my computer and a usb input for mouse control.
the ratio of the metre to the diameter of the earth isn't what's important. what is important is that the units *work together* as a whole, so that you don't have bastardized hybrids like foot-pounds with a base 12 system and a base 16 system.


[too bad there isn't a marijuana subreddit...](http://www.reddit.com/r/marijuana/)
it is, but so was live search, and msn before that.
why in the fuck isn't this guy getting $20 billion
so is the bang it on the hard surface thing for real?  anyone actually gotten that to work?
whew... for a second there i thought you were going to tell us you were a scientologist. bonerologist is so much better. 
i hope google adwords never learns how to understand irony. 
&gt;this is an invasive technique

so? neural nanonics ftw! :d
i agree, windows prices are pretty ridiculous. only the oem/system builders' editions are somewhat reasonable but there's no way i'd pay $100 each for the three computers i want to upgrade to 7. $50 is reasonable though. although i'm loathe to praise apple, i like how you can install os x on multiple machines with one copy (i think at least, i've never bought or owned os x). microsoft should do the same, although this works too.
gasoline burns much hotter than 212f. according to a quick googling, the flames from gasoline are between 471° - 560°c. **edit:** let's take 500c = 932°f.

when using that forumla you need to convert both temperatures to kelvin, so:

n = 1 - (295 / 773)
  =~ 0.62

claiming an eta of 0.32 for a piston engine is outlandish, but theoretically possible.
the future is bright but this toy is using old technology and doesn't do anything very interesting.
i wonder if it works with biscuits.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik7izbhwxd8
i'm leaning more and more towards a nikon now..
people forget this. and when it's pointed out to them, they just brush it aside.
i tried out something like this are a wired nextfest several years ago and all it did was piss me off.
i'm curious. for what reason did you sue for?
sort of.  

what's impressive about this is mostly "under the hood."  peoples' brainwaves are all different from each other, somewhat like fingerprints.  to create a device that can understand them all is hard.  electroencephalography also has issues with the conductor that's attached to the skin generating false signal sometimes - just noise, basically.  again, noise correction is possible, but difficult without fast computer.  

what this little toy represents is a very slick and well-executed evolution of technology that has been around at the research level for a few years, but is only now becoming consumer-friendly.  it is no accident that the incremental gains in this kind of control of machines came after the iraq war; the darpa projects he mentions are where a lot of the research money came from.
i love the future.
i think we just discovered the control scheme for nintendos next system.
that video is unreal.  thanks.
"revolutionize colleges"? what is she on?
academic probation
it was a nasty hack. they stole an h.
how old is the camera ? i believe the standard warranty is for one year, have you tried contacting canon and asking for a replacement ? if not canon, what store did you get it from, what is their return policy ?

it would make more sense to check out those options before you try to do something which could damage the unit and invalidate the warranty.
story time!

just the other day, my copy of internet explorer updated itself to version 8. you got three guesses as to what page was one of the default tabs, and the first two don't count.
yes because we know nikon is very open with their encrypted custom balance metadata in their raw files :)
rad
exactly, people complain about lawsuits, but this is exactly what they are for. sue them in small claims and they won't even bother showing up most likely. forget about class actions and all that nonsense, you'll get like $27 or a coupon for another defective camera.
nikon has caught up in the slr space but i think in p&amp;s they are still behind.
why would you want to do that to yourself?

you can't possibly believe that a 50" touch screen is a usable item. do yourself a favour; create a sheet of paper 16:9 with diagonal measure of 50". 

now, place that on a table in front of you. or hang it in front of you. start moving your hands and arms around, to all locations on the screen. do it as quickly as you'd use a mouse.

i guarantee that in 10 or less minutes you'll be exhausted. you will also have realised you are slow.

unless you have some other use for it in mind.
it'd be another point-n-shoot. i have no business owning a dslr for a while.
&gt; and their used to be *perfectly good scientific explanations* as to why heavier than air flight is impossible.

really?  (emph. mine)  i know of the off-the-cuff remark by kelvin, but not of any actual rigorous studies.
i always wondered why they didn't use the transporter as a weapon.  it always seemed to be one of the most powerful ones they could have. i'm not even talking about transporting in bombs, but transporting out parts of their ship.  

what's to stop them from dematerializing half of your warp drive?  i imagine that'd be very bad.
cuil story bro.
you have to pay to sue? that's kinda f'ed up..
very niceeeee
not really. the courts have to pay their staff.
wow, so microsoft re-brands live search and everyone thinks it's new. 
i'd look at fujifilm cameras too. imo they make better point-and-shoot cameras and have the best color capture.
hmm. nothing on how to turn off the advertisement.
steeplejack would be proud.
they've gone downhill though, i mean where is aria giovanni? she used to define the site!
what disruptions are these things really causing?
i demand that it be hooked up to a grapefruit to make sure it's not a scam.
and only a prelude to what is to come.  things that aren't merely toys.  
what do you expect from a company that forces their workers to stand up all day. just because they can. 
i've only seen 2 video of this thing and i already know how to make it into a bong.(not all that difficult)


the reason they're keeping things simple for now is that in order to get two-dimensional input, the user would have to train (much more), and by the time this might reliably work, many users might have thrown a fit and/or given up in frustration. so they're keeping it simple for stupids, for now. [the competing product](http://www.engadget.com/2009/01/09/video-mattel-mind-flex-hands-and-heads-on/) also allows just one dimension of brain input, but you can provide another dimension of input by turning a knob with your hand (which to me kinda sounds like spoiling things a bit).

the [underlying technology](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40l3sgmcpdq) however is essentially real time [eeg](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electroencephalography#various_uses) interpretation and pattern recognition and mapping of patterns to action, and then recognizing pattern intensity. this can allow much more sophisticated games with multi-dimensional input, but that will require some training and maturation of the technology as well.
just because you can't think of a use, that does not make it useless. i will be buying one, retrofitting it to my theremin, and then performing live shows with it. i can pretty much guarantee this.
no i didn't.  xp64 has drastically inferior driver support.
i remember this at the science center exibit field trip 20 years ago.
holy shit those flashes were annoying.
you mean like the shit that emotiv systems is working on?

http://www.emotiv.com/

yeah, telekinesis is on the way. [edit: seriously, this is the stuff of our sci-fi daydreams.]
i've seen one in a lab that basically lets you control two knobs. so it's still far less useful than, say, a computer mouse.

i've seen no indication that this technology will give analog control along enough axis to do something useful.
i can feel him looking at me...with his eyes!
i'm going to buy 20 of these and hook them up to all of my employees. toys in rested position for extended periods of time will result in an immediate stern talking to.
still a toy, technically.  more like robotic prosthetic devices for paraplegics or amputees. mind controlled mouse devices, etc.

probably most will be invasive, to be honest.  not that a fact like that would stop everybody.  

seriously though, are you that cynical about this type of technology?  or did a monkey on a mind controlled wheelchair run over your puppy?  
that would be my role. george bartholomew st. clair, official word definer to her majesty queen elizabeth ii and the 14th earl of sandwhich. now, how can i be of service? 
from the video:

&gt; this is going to revolutionize beer pong once and for all.

i like the way mr. garreau's daughter is thinking. ;)
upvoted because i upvote anything with google in its title, but the video is shit.
is it just me, or is this really, really lame?
isn't that what taxes are for?
that's mostly a software thing.  the eeg reader is capable enough, but imagine trying to build a toy that has to learn enough about the thinking of the person while training a person to think a certain way to establish a reliable multidimensional link.

what's great is that the gen pop is being exposed to this concept.  what sucks is this toy looks to be very boring after 5 minutes with it.  it would be great if the eeg headset could be plugged into the computer for bio-feedback learning.

yes eeg will never be as good as we'd like, but there are applications well beyond this toy.
when was this?  10 years ago?  seriously, my wife is a physical therapist and they have technology that utilizes this technology at this very time in space to let people control a mouse with the hookup.  non-invasive, but lots of leads.  not to say this technology can't improve, but you are being overly cynical.  

(there are kids out on your lawn, by the way)
this literally happened to me about 8 days ago. i have a best buy warranty though so i'm in the clear.
unfortunately it looks like this toy is only 1 dimmensional and so probably can't be jurry rigged to use a mouse. there are probably slightly more expensive setups you can get that will do this well though.
each time its lens opens could be its last.

_dun dun dunnnnnnnnnn_
i'm so hard right now.
no, the taxes are paying for the war.
thanks for comment. well, we have a small conference room and we use a projector there. we are thinking of using this kind of monitor there.

when we conduct water quality modeling, we generally have results spread out in number of papers and we have to lay them around on the table to see it. printing and arranging these papers takes more time than looking, analyzing and moving onto next step of calibration. if we could have something like what we do on table on a screen, then that would be wonderful.
&gt;if a settlement is less than the cost of a recall, we don't do one.

...and that's when peoples lives are in danger.  no small wonder they don't plan on doing anything about a lens that at most will fuck up your photos and not, you know, *kill you.*
although i was born jewish and am occasionally cheap, using the word "jew" ("i jewed them") as verb to indicate that you got a good deal is usually considered in bad taste.

similarly, while in the company of hackers calling a cracker a hacker will usually result in an eruption of pendantry (which hackers are known for).

this being said, you're likely correct that fighting this battle against people that are uninterested in programming is a losing one.
its just a normal question, why the downmods?
upvoting because of "u" and no one has whined about it.
so we don't drink maker's mark?
in fact this is the most advanced i've seen. using a mouse takes one hand and part of your attention. this tech takes all your attention and is less accurate.
dude, that guy sounded just like jeff daniels.
if this technology actually comes out, i wonder how many people will be like me and try and kill milo.
&gt;imagine a creationist who thinks science is hogwash being hooked up to this machine.

their reaction might be something like this:  "what a wonderful idea god gave us."  the brain can do amazing things to itself.
windows 7 is vista and i highly doubt they would be virtualizing xp within windows 7 if all drivers were compatible.  and i have an nvidia fx 5200 card.  works in xp, works in vista, no nvidia drivers in windows 7 and there isn't going to be.  if someone couldn't move to vista due to drivers, they definitely cannot move to windows 7.

plus if you have hundreds or thousands of xp machines, no one is going to want to deal with mixing the two oses if xp still does everything they need and if xp is cheaper.
they have a long way to go. not impressed so far but i am hopeful and the os market needs more competition so i will keep an eye on it.
*not useful. not practical. just a toy.*

a toy that may get more people interested in science is always useful and practical.
after having to pay $150 to have my s3 is fixed, i will not be buying another canon.  to be fair though, my first digital camera, an agfa, crapped out too.
would you really trust anything from ocz to close to you head?  i would be afraid the damn thing would short and fry my brain.
yes - that was last year.
already? hmm, since i use it i should have guessed that some other people do too

what's windows live doing on there?
hoverboards. give me.
i'd hit it.
sorry, i meant this seriously, not sarcastically, and have edited to note that.

i think the stuff emotiv and its competitors are working on is ridiculously awesome.

i mean, how rad would it be to be able to throw on an augmented baseball cap, and then sit in your car and be able to drive it with your mind, then walk in to your office and run your computer and type without using a keyboard or a mouse, then play games like the wii on crack, still using the same device?

i think the possibilities are pretty impressive.
i actually changed the search engine in chrome to bing.  i much prefer the layout, thumbnails, and previews to google.  time will tell if the results are on par with google's results though.
even at its peak altavista was nowhere near as big as google, nor had it been around as long, nor did it have as many services to tie in.
for someone with a limited understanding of the underlying science you're being remarkably smug and dismissive.
what's wrong with ubuntu?
yep, i had the same issue with an old powershot sd500 (or something).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/e18_error

hmm, wasn't there a story a few days back about how canon forces their employees to 'walk quickly' and doesn't give them chairs? i don't think it's working.

i bought a sony and a panasonic next... and, well both have had their problems... but at least they both actually turn on!

well i dunno, maybe the person that looses should pay the fees. that like having to pay the cops each time you call 911. it a disincentive for people to sue and get justice and compensated for the damages done to them.


now i know that we're an overly litigious society, but still.. this just sounds wrong. there are better ways to encourage people to settle out of court 
that looks just like that harry potter levitation game they put out a few years ago, except the height dial is mind-controlled.
that really sounds like something i read in a scifi book somewhere... music limited only by the depth of your imagination.  i think i just had a nerdgasm.
who knew you could draw a japanese maple leaf with a search engine??

what interesting times we live in!
i did read the article, jeez.  i'm not saying that torrenters don't buy movie tickets at all.  i'm just saying they call out hollywood on their bs tactics of marketing crappy films.  the good movies are going to do well whether the torrenters buy tickets to them or not.  i can see this as more of a help to independent films since torrenters are giving the movie more exposure and getting more people out to watch them.

oh and they managed to poll all 700 people that use vuze.  how impressive...
the wii controllers will soon look horrifically outdated and laughable.  makes me feel old just thinking about it.
*loses*
this happened to my girlfriend this week, but only metaphorically.
when you first run ie is asks you what you wish the default search engine to be.  google is one of the choices.
don't give hr any ideas
that isn't what they did - try researching it next time.
no - your copy of windows installed updates as you had configured it to do - one of those was the update to ie8.  then it showed you new search engine on one of the tabs the first time you ran it - just like firefox does when you upgrade it.
nothing. i see a platform like this being useful for carpc applications where you want something to boot in 10 seconds and provide little beyond video, web and gps. that said, i don't see this going anywhere in that market without a port to x86. 
for particularly serious civil wrongs the loser often pays attorney's fees and court costs, but only where a statute specifically says so. 

interestingly, loser pays can itself be a disincentive, since if you are a little guy who has been wronged by a giant corporation, there's still a chance you'll lose the suit for some dumb reason, and while you can do your own legal work, the giant corporation can spend a million bucks on legal fees...which if you lose, you get to have fun paying.  i'm pretty happy with the way we do it now.
sorry for f-ing that up by fixing it at the same time u were commenting... i'm on a cellphone...
from [their website](http://hp2g.com/) the engine runs on e85, not petrol. normally e85 is slightly less efficent than petrol, but this is because it's usually run in an engine designed to run on petrol. an engine specifically designed to run on e85 could run a substantially higher compression ratio than a petrol engine, which would lead to higher efficiency. the higher efficiency of diesel engines is in part due to the higher compression ratio. now, whether you could get as much as 4x the efficiency this way i don't know, but i doubt it.

it is a terrible article for not mentioning the crucial fact that it's not a petrol engine.
[because canon is run by a bunch of douche bags, that's why](http://gizmodo.com/5273192/canon-employees-are-forbidden-to-sit-down-walk-at-normal-pace)
in regard to the marketing, was anyone else annoyed by the narrator's raising intonation every time he mentioned "mind" or "brain."
you don't think it will have the same opinion cast as the ouija board?
holy hype.  there were games five years ago you were supposed to think left/right to control.

and what was with that heartbeat sound in the background?
i took the temperature of the engine block not of the burning gasoline

the answer is somewhere in between
good thing adam ate the apple huh? 
well, yes. so you're saying it won't open bing per default anytime i open ie? (which would be about 3-4 times per year)
i've been doing this for years. 

i concentrate, my hand lifts up and increases power to a fan, the fan pushes a ball up a tube with air.

mind over matter. where's my f-16?
i changed my default firefox se from google to bing.  its damn good and fast. first time ive been convinced that anything was edging up to google. 
that's fantastic, because this is being sold as just a toy.
&gt;imagine a creationist who thinks science is hogwash being hooked up to this machine.

well for the machine to work, the brain has to be used
i have a canon s2is with low light/focus problems and i know someone with an s3is who has the same problems. a friend of mine was just complaining that his canon camera cant do macros for shit. canon is garbage. and my experience was one of the reasons my girlfriend bought a nikon instead of a canon when she bought her dslr. when i buy mine i am going nikon as well.
people actually buy those?
that saved a few billion $. 
i had a similar toy for the fucking apple iie.
ohh okay. i mean more the 30 dollar filling fee, and not the lawyer fees, but okay! =)

ps: don't sue me!
i've got a 1080p projector.  at 114 inches, i can pretty much only tell the difference between 720p and 1080p video for still frames.  otherwise i'm more watching the action than the pixels.
one day earlier is fine.
this suggests a sudden rather than gradual destruction of the universe.
transporters are blocked by shields.
and now you know why "news" agencies don't fact check... they might be scooped.
i used the [bing firefox add-on](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/12205) and so far i haven't noticed that i'm not using google.

the search results have been useful to me so far.

and the bing color scheme matches reddit. [coincidence or conspiracy??](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1y73sphkxw)
i'd hate to say it, but this is merely a toy. worse, there is absolutely zero innovation from previous toys of this nature.
thank you very, very much for giving me all the info i need to determine that i don't need to watch the video. 

:)
wow. i like the giant grey brick on the 360, there. i'm guessing that's the image processor. here's hoping it gets a little smaller...
i'm saying if you had made the same comment on twitter it would make dateline (is that still on?), on reddit it is just so much filler.

hey, it's not like my comments add much here, i'm like 90% puns and one-liners, but what is funny is that one twitter i feel a greater responsibility to post worthwhile information because i know the community does not have a tool to filter the wheat from the chaff.

my experience with twiiter is that it is at least as high as the average reddit thread, but i'm pretty selective in who i follow. 
watch out... those are real pages he's loading...
funny, i see more and more of the netbook market looking towards arm for better battery life.
did you watch the video?

"the mind over matter technology takes the brain signal and transfers it into computer language"

"the applications are almost limitless"

yeah, and a digital rectal thermometer transfers your ass heat into computer language--the applications are limitless!!!! it will revolutionize beer pong!
so far, i've found no reason for me to change.  google works well and bing seems too distracting.  i'm still drawn to black ink on plain white paper.
http://www.atarimagazines.com/compute/issue60/185_1_reviews_relax_stress_reduction_system.php
i like the image search. that little frame on the left side is definitely helpful.
@ annarchist.  let me know if you wanna sue them.  we could have a grand class action.
yep. check out [this thread about id card expiration dates.](http://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/8ps98/fake_id/c0a21g1)

apparently the reason places don't want to accept expired ids as proof of identity is that it's more convenient to get someone else's id card when it's expired. but this shows the system is broken - if you make it secure enough that folks can't use someone else's id, then it won't matter if it's expired. 

expiration dates are about the licensure of the card - authorization to drive a car, or enter the country. but an id card doesn't stop proving your identity when it expires. 

btw, care to guess how often tsa actually looks at my face after checking my id at airline gates? 
haha confirmed:
http://www63.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=when+is+784351562375+days+after+today%3f

compared with:
http://www63.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=when+is+784351562376+days+after+today%3f

if i live for another 2.14748341 × 10^9 years i'm doomed!
did they pay the judgement?
with live search selected as the default because most users will just select ok.
uh, yes it is. live search had the same features when it first launched.
here is the press release:
http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/newsroom/factsheet/livesearchfs.mspx

bing is an $80mil marketing campaign rebranding their old search. try researching next time.
they already do compared to natal. 
since microsoft got away with the crime that is the xbox 360, expect companies to be much more bold in fucking consumers.  i would imagine that recalls are going to become very, very rare, especially in the electronics industry.
it's basically server '03, and has virtually no adoption to speak of, so it's understandable why consumer peripherals would be so poorly supported on it.
in what way? no scholarly search. no book search. caches are old. 
oh god! you've just revived my xp window tearing nightmares....
oh i cannot wait to hack and see what other people do with this tech!
considering the model-t ford got 13 to 21 mpg, i'd say we are long overdue...wouldn't you?

then again, consumers consuming less isn't good for big business.
totally. this is fucking cool. all the unimpressed people can't see the forest for the tree...make the headset wireless and make thinking about specific things activate specific applications and you're onto something. as the video explains, this stuff is designed by darpa so they can get pilots to more accurately fly f-16s. if they can do that, i'm sure the average person can do something with it...
i have a casio exhilim i've been very happy with.  admittedly, not the best photo quality (tho still pretty good), but for a point-and-shoot, takes pretty amazing video
mine works. the only time i received said error message was when i accidentally prevented the lens from fully extending after powering on the camera. the only issue i have with the camera is image softness in the lower right corner of my pictures. otherwise, i installed chdk a few weeks ago and have been toying around with it since.
i wasn't impressed too, but i wouldn't be surprised if good things comes out from this. 
it does look more fun and challenging (the headset looks more cheesy, though), but it still seems like too much of a novelty for me.

however, i bet a lot of people will snatch this up come christmas, so there goes in a buy-in order for mattel!
&gt; the more you concentrate i'm assuming the more electrical impulses your brain sends out which are read by an electrode.

this is actually a bit more complicated than that. they we're showing it off at gdc09 (well, not the force trainer, but the headset and a basic game). have a look at the product page: http://www.neurosky.com/products/neurosky-mindset-usa/

it tracks two things "attention" and "meditation" which they've used to fake four things (lowering attention and raising attention are called two different things, can't remember what though. same for meditation. i think the categories were focus, relaxation, mediation and attention. so focus was probably getting both up and relaxation was probably getting both low. or something.). i tried it out, and i liked it. i wouldn't *buy* it yet though.
yep. soon you will watch as a hostess on tv launches the lotto balls with her mind. 
goddamn msdn, you're like a hawk.
anyone know if abiword has an outline mode? i don't care much for the navigator interface that ooword uses. the way msword (at least the older versions) presents the outline in a left panel is much easier.
&gt;say you make it to www.bing.com and want to give it a go. if you don’t have silverlight installed (as we didn’t on our conference room pc), you’ll likely be prompted to install it before you get too far. and you better, because without it many features on bing simply don’t work.

can anyone verify that one? i've got silverlight installed on all my pcs.

i'm mildly amused by it if true. i've set my search engine to bing because i like the video and image results much, much better and don't find the results any less accurate than google's, but if bing is a total flop for microsoft, i imagine that'll help their silverlight cause, at the very least, if true.
same problem with my sd750. 
i've tried abiword before and was a little underwhelmed with its abilities, but at the time i didn't know it could do equations with latex markup.  downloading and giving it another try now.  
the car market seems to be dominated by diy people who build their own boxes. right now the x86 platform rules for that market. that could change but i would think that to penetrate the market x86 would be a must. 

edit: but for the netbook market, arm may be a better fit specifically for battery life as you mentioned. 
yeah, call me when you can control two different objects/switches by thinking differently, then you'll have my interest.
are they going to legalize drugs?  (didn't read tfa)
if memory serves me, you're asked to configure these options the first time you run it.

if you chose to ignore this dialog, and close it instead of configuring things, then you'll probably see whatever the default is, which will no doubt me msn-&gt;live-&gt;bing.
hmm seems like there should be many more ways to apply eeg..."levitating" a ping pong ball inside of a tube is sort of novel if you don't get how it works, other than that, over a hundred dollars for that? sheesh!
from my experience it is also pretty buggy.
me too.

i honestly think i may be giving my browser a headache.
how much did you win?
our government has its own form of censorship usually by putting pressure on reporters in the name of "national security" and threatening restricting access. my point was that as a foreigner i felt pretty safe and somewhat free. i flew last night and they made my 4 year old son take off his sandals. that to me is absurd but it happens every day here in america and people just go along with it because the alternative might mean getting put on the "no fly list" or worse.

as for "protest zones" you have heard of our "free speech zones" right? you may have also heard that police photograph, videotape and take license plate numbers of many people protesting and have done so for years. in some cases police infiltrate protest groups and attempt to instigate members to commit crimes.

we are more subtle but are doing similar things in the name of "freedom".
video and image searches, to name two.

i'm also pretty fond of how it groups the results into several subcategories. honestly, i have to play around with it a bit more, but overall, the initial impression is positive. 

also also, the cache is a *lot* faster for me. google's is fucking **sloooooow**. bing's is instant.

for the next few days, i've set it as my default search. we'll see if it lasts or not.
by a week after christmas, many more americans will know what it feels like to have bought another piece of overpriced plastic landfill that they tried once and forgot. yay!
i was surprised to see bing come up when using ie for the first time in ages. so...yeah.
it's the porn, stupid.
just be careful with it, and don't try to squeeze 'one last picture' from it if the battery warning is blinking.  this error (e18) was extremely common on canon's that were a few years old.  the two most common reasons this occurred were getting bumped (which sometimes took days/weeks to manifest as the error), or the lens getting stuck due to low battery (upon replacing the battery the lens would go back in and never come back out).

this happened to my boss's canon, and my brother's.  in both situations they kept trying to squeeze in another shot with a low battery.

i think newer canons have resolved this by not powering the lens if the batteries are low.
i just tried it from a clean vm image - under ie8 / win7 it defaults to msn.com as your homepage if you accept the defaults.
i definitely like it better than google.  in pretty much every way.

edit: haha, i'm getting downvoted for having a differing opinion.

anyway, i still like bing better.
agreed.
just like in firefox with google.
perhaps reading the info from the pr dept isn't the best way to get data to reach a conclusion?

remember - the only thing that most pr people are good for is either being a place to deposit sperm or to pay for a place for you to deposit sperm.
happened to mine a week after i bought it... i didn't have any problems with the warranty.  good luck!
i am so sorry... :)
excellent point.
it comes from being a gestalt entity.
i agree... the guy making this video is really stupid. like we give a shit about browsing the internet, its going to be just like every other laptop browsing the fucking internet!

the narrator is retarded!
&gt;windows 7 is vista and i highly doubt they would be virtualizing xp within windows 7 if all drivers were compatible. 

i believe that was his point. now that they include a virtual xp (which personally i think many people are getting too worked up over. how many home users are *ever* going to use it?) in the businessy versions of 7, all xp era apps that are incompatible (not that there are many) with vista now work with 7.

&gt;windows 7 is vista and i highly doubt they would be virtualizing xp within windows 7 if all drivers were compatible. and i have an nvidia fx 5200 card. works in xp, works in vista, no nvidia drivers in windows 7 and there isn't going to be.

yawn. **all** vista graphics drivers are supported in 7. you're perfectly free to run a wddm 1.0 driver in 7. naturally, you lose all of the performance benefits of a wddm1.1 driver, but what can you expect?
uhh who pissed in your wheaties dude? i was simply giving my observation in a one paragraph post and for that you act like a complete douchebag? good luck with that and by the way 操你妈!

by the way my experience in china was the culmination of a 3 year effort to adopt a chinese national and i can tell you with some authority that the us beaurocracy for adoption is far more convoluted and retarded than that of the prc. i also spent time in nanjing and guangzhou and for the most part was the only white guy around (my wife is of chinese heritage).

of course i am sure you are an expert in this area as well and probably adopted 12 chinese students from tiananmen square but i digress. 

zai jian!

thanks for the note!
what a half hearted attempt at counting while it boots.
but those didn't look like google.
*normally thoughtful reddit crowd *

must of us have left beyond the rim due to riffraff that now infest this site. now if this was an apple product and cost 495.00 it would be super cool to them - but since it is in the price range of normal people it is bad - can't have the normals enjoying technology.

fair enough. but even so, [this page](http://courses.washington.edu/me341/oct22v2.htm) claims:

&gt; run the engine at optimum conditions, meaning low friction (modest engine speed) and low pumping work (air throttle more open). try to approach the "pushing-the-pistons" efficiency of 35%. this already is happening in some stationary piston engines – large, slow, piston engines used at pipeline compressor stations, for example.

so again, his claims are outlandish, but not impossible.
this and a few others bug the fuck out of me...
to/too - their/there - your/you're
well played...
i'd try the banging it on a hard surface. but i wouldn't stop. i'd keep going until it was in many small pieces. then i'd be both happy and sad at the same time. many times i've felt like doing that to my ipod, but haven't yet. but the day will come. oh yes, the day will come.
the amount he was told he owed and didn't want to pay...?
i'm not a bit word processing buff, but i use abiword just because it's so light weight and openoffice is just to big and slow.
i levitate objects with my mind in this exact way all the time. 

step 1. get a fan. 

step 2. turn fan to face vertically.

step 3. turn on fan.

step 4. use your mind to pick up a pingpong ball with your hand, and place over the fan.

step 5. levitation magic!

edit: step 6. adjust levitation level by adjusting the fan speed with your hand, **using your mind**.

i actually came here to mention that.  see [here](http://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=porn) (nsfw).
i'm so embarrassed for you. :(

people should stop making website names that are so confusing.
not true on my laptop. there is an option to install it,  but only if i want to click on 'see previous photos'.
well, we're all quite familiar with it, though we're not quite sure which one it is, nevertheless, we're deeply saddened for someone, and we're sure that it was no hacker, but, in fact a *cracker*, whose unscrupulous mischief brought this ...possibly historic..website, uh, such as, such as, per se...uh..
that's one and only feature i miss (from mso) when using ooo. it makes it so much easier to focus on one section of a document.
on a portable, complicated device(camera, camcorder) it can be a wise investment.
agree, bing is really good, a google equivalent as far as i can say really. now the interesting thing is to wait for google's response and what innovation this renewed close competition is going to spur :)
you ruined me mitch!
who thought it was a good idea to put a cellphone os on a netbook? ubuntu is going to support android apps so there is really no point. 
if google wants complete control over the platform, there's a lot of point to building an os and a laptop.  there's a lot of reason for google to want their own os (and not just the sinister reasons that people tend to bring up).
that's a great idea.  the next step for me would be to hook that up to the input on my computer and run it through garage band, although i guess using my hands would reduce the awe-factor.
a trillion bits is only 116 gigs. my ipod has more than that.
its illegal in the usa, uk and pretty much all eu countries. yet wicked laser still illegally ship them there. 
my nephew had this happen to his 850somethingorother. the camera was one month out of warranty and they claimed that he must have dropped it. he had them repair it for $150 because he likes the camera so much.

we have a new (well, christmas) 1100is and are dreading the day when this happens to us. we love our little canon way too much, and for us the $150 price was quite a pricey item. 
i know a company that actually already sells a device that you control with your mind that lets you drive, operate a computer, and play video games.  the company is called life and they're called hands.  they're even free if someone in your family buys their other product having a kid.
i remember going to the seattle science center when i was a kid. they had a little kiosk with an apple ii hooked up to a knex ferris wheel that you could spin if you put your fingers on this mouse-like thing and concentrated on your fingers. it worked on a different principle, of course, but it was still cool.
that part with the monkey feeding itself was a reenactment, you can see when the video starts. it's cg. so it probably is nowhere as impressive.
what if no one uses their hands to do anything anymore, though?  what if the novelty of this floating ball catches people's attention enough to get society seriously invested in this technology and nobody uses their hands anymore.  computer technology already cuts into actual live human to human contact; what will happen to the emotions of people who never use their hands because everything levitates when you think about it?  do you see what i'm getting at?
perhaps, but breaking the laws of thermodynamics requires more than tight tolerances.

it's some pretty fundamental physics he'd be breaking, which would rewrite a lot of how we see the world, not just make a slightly more fuel efficient car than we thought possible.
i wouldn't be surprised if they did market research to find out it was important. 
why do you hate freedom?  ;)
for me, a word processor must have: a foreign-language dictionary, a foreign-language thesaurus, and compatibility with alternative keyboard layouts.

it's amazing how many "feature-filled" word clones lack these things, or only provide a bare-bones version.

i tried writing in french on abiword, and it's dictionary is unable to recognize that "l'enfant" is in fact two words, and marks it as an error. that's why i don't use it.

granted, my needs are pretty specific.
sure looks like it.   live search was pretty decent... looks like they just revamped the ui and now are putting marketing behind it.  i haven't seen anything that bing does that live search didn't do. 

i especially like the image search better than google... just scrolling is so much easier than having to click "next" for each next page. 
apparently, you've missed out on contemporary marketing. almost all advertising for low-end consumer products, especially toys, involve unsubstantiated claims.
this is amazing i cant believe i missed this
mr. ludd, good of you to join the conversation.
notable changes include the addition of search suggestions as you type and related searches (called "explorer pane" on the left side of search results), based on semantic technology from powerset[3] which microsoft purchased in 2008[4] bing also includes the ability to save &amp; share search histories via windows live skydrive, facebook, and e-mail.
freedom is perfectly acceptable for those who add themselves to my collective.
i've always staved away from using the &lt;/sarcasm&gt; joke, but i'm beginning to think it may have some value.
i was going off what the linked post calculated. guess he wasn't to be trusted.

[shrugs] also, i don't see him doing that without leaving the engine at it's peak operating efficiency, something that doesn't happen under normal driving load. he might have 110 mpg in the perfect static highway cruise mode only, which means he put the gearing to give peak efficiency at whatever his target cruise speed was.

... now, if he made a cvt or used it as a generator, (or something else to recoup the acceleration losses) i could imagine this happening... but car engines can already get fairly close to maximum efficiency, and i don't think you can cross the remaining bits without addressing the major losses. 

propulsion is pretty developed in the engines category. loading needs some work though...
maybe. this thread seems to not be translating emotion very well.
it's open source, and people are building products based on it without even talking to google about it. i'm confused as to how that's "complete control over the platform."
how could i resist? 
touché.
*don't tell anyone but i am allergic to pickles.*
if the internet really is creating a sort of technological induced add in many people this could counter that, assuming it becomes popular.
meh, maybe i'll google this latter to see what the fuss is all about.
usually they put several chips together in devices.
like they said; this is going to revolutionize beer pong.
really, i tend to like my search engine to actually find the content i was searching for.
good to know... at first i was going to try raspberry jam.
gotta love that video "voverage".
*good think you didn't - it caused the black plague last time someone tried that*
for the previous 8 years, the ministry of truth would indicate that it was...

...now it is not, nor has it ever been.

thank you for your inquiry, citizen; please report to your nearest reeducation center.
and doesn't support odt.

edit: dr_root, don't edit your post, now my reply is out of context.
sounds like someone hasn't done any drugs.
&gt; *what's unique about hannah's case is that **for the first time federal authorities have conceded a connection between her autistic symptoms and the vaccines** she received, though the connection is by no means simple.*

http://www.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,1721109,00.html
wow... vista is *so* hated that regulatory bodies are willing to pursue anti-trust issues based on the planned obsolescence of more accepted, older operating systems.

amazing... 

...i'm trying to think of a bigger operating system fail than this (amiga os?  beos?  minix?), but everything is dwarfed by this development.
be careful; get too big and it becomes a closet, and you have to get out for food eventually.
check... and mate.
probably everyone who upvoted it. wtf is astalavista?
this bring up a very salient point:

perhaps the software industry should *not* be allowed to get away with planned obsolescence and should, in fact, be required to support every operating system they produce with patches, updates and security enhancements for the duration that the operating system maintains anything larger than a 5% market share (as determined by a triumvirate of relevant regulatory bodies, independent consumer advocacy groups and the vendor's competitors).

but i think the bigger point the russian federation is perhaps missing is that they wouldn't have to worry about this with linux/ossosen.
little harsh for someone who was trying to contribute something new to the internets.  you have been a reddit user for two years and have a karma of 2 and comment karma of 42....what have you contributed lately other than criticism?  
that's what i thought there might be more to it in the other game modes... if you can precisely fluctuate the "effort" into the thought, you might be able to stabilize the ball or bounce it between the four markings in the tube.
anyone can recommend a good compact camera (around 200$)?
not to mention with gmail you get something like 7 gb of free mail storage. no more having to wonder which emails to keep and which to delete. even after about 4 years of gmail use i'm still only at 14% capacity.
latex support doesn't seem to be implemented in the outdated os x binaries they have up.
the diy implications of this are pretty exciting. i can think of at least a dozen stupid uses for a mind-controlled switch off the top of my head.
i'm still laughing that my parent's method of shaking the controller is now valid input on 2/3 current gen systems.
i see what you're getting at, and no, i don't think it will be an issue.
article is bullshit, you dropped/smacked/abused it in some way.  in the years i've been looking at and tinkering with defective/broken/abused cameras, that specific error doesn't just "happen".
easier method:

1. put a ping pong ball into a plastic tube

1. cup your lips over the bottom of the tube and lean your head back so that the tube is vertical.

1. **use your mind** to control your diaphragm, expelling air from your lungs at a rate proportional to the desired height of the ping pong ball.

warning: if you use your mind *improperly* and inhale the ping pong ball, you may die.

ok ok, how about a piece of rat brain on an agar plate steering a robot through a maze? [bbc to the rescue](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/7559150.stm)
someone told me the porn is better on bing how do i get good porn on bing?
by christmas, most of the folks now breathlessly watching the video will have completely forgotten this spurious claim.
i used to use abiword all the time and it sucks. 
i just made it my default engine in firefox and will try it out.  see if it's any better than the piece of shit that was msn live
i mean, it's not exactly untrue. you don't interact with the object by touching it, but you managed to do work with your mind that does cause its levitation without your physical interaction.


live search sucked donkey balls and i actively switched it away to google because even searches for ms related topics came up for shit.  bing has proven itself pretty decent lately however.  i do not think i would actively switch it to google if the results remain decent.
presumably you are alluding to the fact that modern suvs and pickup trucks get similar gas mileage to the model t. in that case, keep in fact:

the ford model t had a 20 hp, 2.9 l inline-4 engine.

the '09 jeep grand cherokee has a 305 hp, 4.7l v8 engine and is rated at 14mpg city, 19 highway. 

a more lightweight, aerodynamic vehicle with a more refined engine, like the '09 corvette, and its 505 hp, 7.0l v8 is rated at 15 mpg city, 24 highway.

if your definition of fuel efficiency is fuel consumption vs. distance traveled, it is true that fuel efficiency has been stagnant. however, in terms of fuel consumption vs. power produced, modern engines have come a long way.
he screwed up by putting 'homer simpson' on the end but i think you just may have done worse by putting a link to some random site about the quote.
internal combustion engines are notoriously inefficient.  the very best ones only manage about 20% extraction from the stoichiometric power generation via combustion.  the average ice on the road only extracts between 12% to 15%. 

who ever calculated 280mpg is assuming that 100% of the waste heat energy is recovered (which is thermodynamically impossible).
microsoft has had cepc for a while. it's windows ce (which is the base for windows mobile) on x86. see [here](http://www.aspdeveloper.net/virtual_pc/rn-739-38987_how_could_i_install_a_cepc%28wince%29_on_vpc.aspx) and [here](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/ce6virtualpcbsp).
are you an executive at canon?
the fucking thing still doesn't run on intel macs properly?
ah, well considering it's microscopic that's pretty impressive.
these things would love magnets..
&gt;makes me feel old just thinking about it.

oh, my god.  it's already begun!
&gt;mind over matter

nope, mind over matter doesn't require an interface. 

i could use a strain guage and a head band and make a faster reacting anything.
really?  toys that came from innovations that became cheap enough for commercial use?  you mean like the pc?  

hint: the toy came after the actual innovations. 
well, you need to get out more.  perhaps push beyond your current associates degree or something. 
soon to be 3/3!
iirc, in the star wars novels (or maybe another series?), they had a way of finding promising children with the force by distributing simple toys like this. whoever did especially well got better toys, and eventually the "fans blowing air" were taken out and the kids were actually controlling the stuff directly with their minds.
i don't think lowed means what you think lowed means.

[http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/low#verb](http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/low#verb)
no, but i foresee many college students using this for a party game: "let's see how many joints it takes before this doesn't work!"
folks, it's the real google!
what is reddit if not a huge gathering of online amateur critics?
not in that sense, though, i'm sure that android's licensing scheme asserts some sort of control.

google has this big data warehouse, right?  they have an os that they run on mobile phones, and one that they run on laptops.  these sorts of os's don't have to, but often do, do different sorts of things, which allows for them to be optimized.  for instance, consider that the data warehouse application of gfs could minimize the number of system calls required for servers whose only purpose is to serve up gfs.  consider that the mobile phone application could be written with hard real-time constraints for certain applications (such as phone calls), or to allocate memory in certain ways, or to pin certain cache pages.
i use bean on my intel mac.  it's got all the basic features and it's lightning fast - http://www.bean-osx.com/
yes it did, wtf good band came out since the tape deck? none.
prove it.
good: shutting down spammers and their ilk

bad: there's now a precedent to shut down a whole isp if anything the gov't deems "bad" is going through them.

stupid: the two people here who downvoted this.
pretty small eeg reader.  certainly not a big machine electrodes are hooked up to. 

progress, and will lead to cool shit.
really? why?
dvd jon is a winner.
they should have called it minge.
i have adhd and would love to see the before and after ability of levitating the ball with the aid of marijuana.
gahh! what is this? i cannot view youtube and after a few minutes of reading comments i cannot decipher what this is.
that's because it has only one electrode.
there's no reason there couldn't be several electrodes, and no reason a computer couldn't pick out patterns and take different branches.

asamof, that's already being done with external electrodes.
had an expensive camera get ruined by a drunk kid at a party, didn't work out too well.
compare and contrast googe and bing video search --- while searching for porn.
$35 is more of a user fee designed to help keep people from filing nuisance lawsuits.
i have ms word.  i'm all set.  thanks.
i would've said bing ain't got nothing on google, but i'm really impressed by their maps.

googlemaps almost always freezes my internet for some obscure reason. if bing is consistent in it's nonfreezebrowsership i'm sure to use it more often.

edit: oh yeah sorry for not bringing anything to the discussion, that must be why i'm downmodded. yes i'm sure that's it.
apparently he prevents internal engine distrotion which usually increases clylinder piston friction.

he reduces that through closer tolerances and this device which stiffens the block.
(could that really be such an overlooked area on mechanical design that warping engine blocks cause that much friction?)

xprize has congratulated him.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsw6mjtsq6e

http://www.hp2g.com/pressrelease.html

his engine block stiffing patent is here

http://www.google.com/patents/about?id=njobaaaaebaj&amp;dq=doug+pelmear


info about that piece which you can buy for your own v8 is here

http://www.horsepowersales.net/
haha, typo ... fixed.
yawn.  this is about as exciting as using a heatrate monitor to control the speed of a pinwheel.
the problem with developing something lightweight is that everyone has a couple 'one-off' features that they use.  all combined, you end up with ms word or openoffice.  

i guess an ideal word processor would be something tiny with lots of plug-ins, but the average user would probably never find the plug-ins or get annoyed with installing them.

hence, word maintains its dominance (although office 2007 has dented its acceptance in the business world).
the only thing that caught my eye here was the latex support.  however, after downloading abiword, no such thing appears to exist.  it's not in any of the local help files, and it's not under any of the toolbars.  i would suspect to find it either by insert - from latex or insert - equation.  no dice on either.  can't find anything on google about it either.
abiword is horrible. 
don't know why this is getting down voted. it crashes quite often on my mac, besides its text bordering issues are too profound to overlook. 
sort of, but no.  taxes cover sort of general costs of keeping the court running, so that it is always available to the public.  but taxes would have to be much higher to cover the cost of having everybody present and ready for court, 9 to 5, 5 days a week.  there's a lot of staff in any given court that simply have no reason to be there most of the time but are nonetheless essential (the judge, for instance) and could instead be working on other, tax-paid stuff that benefits everybody instead of sitting on their asses waiting for somebody to come file a small claims suit.

it's essentially impossible to make a good estimate of how busy the court will be and how much tax money they need, so it's a lot more efficient to underestimate and then charge a fee.

also, it keeps people from overloading the courts with really stupid stuff, or filing a suit and causing a trial to be scheduled, and then not showing up.
soon you don't even need a controller.
bean is excellent! 

i do want abiword to be good but, so far, it has failed me. it does not render the text clearly on the screen. and "slightly outdated" for the mac? the current version is 2.6.8 and for the mac it's 2.4.x aimed at osx 10.2!
not unlike that old drinking game they play in the hyperspace ports that serve the madranite mining belts in the star system of orion beta.
battery is not included.
&gt; not in that sense, though, i'm sure that android's licensing scheme asserts some sort of control.

no, it's this, where it's not gpl because they're using modified gpl code:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/license-2.0.txt

like he said, it's *open source*, which means that you get to do what you want with it.

a modern cell phone is not that different from a laptop.
from digg: http://digg.com/security/astalavista_com_hacked_2

http://romeo.copyandpaste.info gives an idea about anti-security movement...
except reddit came from ycombinator. so i'm thinking they were first?
somebody double that guy's research grant.
that fine.  like i said, i wasn't talking about the licensing.
yes it does.
why would you use this when word is also free and cross-platform? in my experience, word 2003 is the best of the bunch.
the one that gets me the most is "its" vs "it's". a lot of the time, i just think its clumsy wording or a missing comma until i'm a few words past.  

^^^like that - especially if you were reading quickly and not ready for it, you could get all the way to 'a missing' before the wording seems noticeably clumsy, and conceivably get all the way to 'until' before you realize you're gonna have to stop and 'slow parse' the sentence to figure out what its supposed to mean.

^^^or there, another fine example, you could read the intended "it's supposed" (i.e., "it's meant to") or as written "its supposed" (i.e., "its purported") and not realize something is amiss until you get to the "to".

it can be a very frustrating typo / grammar error. :-/
amazingly it actually used a stirling engine to recharge the batteries which means it also would have been very low pollution.

are you high?  free?  cross-platform?  word?
kaaanneeedaaaaaa!!!!!!

haha, if you do get one and screw around like that, tape it! it'd be amusing to see people drugged up attempting to focus and see whether or not those stimulants would actually increase or decrease a person's concentration.
yay, that will save the economy! or is this another bad 'investment' destined for the attic?
haha, i wonder if they'll still be as impressed if i hooked that fan and tube up to a blood pressure or heart rate monitor, and then showed them some erotic images. 
i loved it too.

now i've finally figured out that its manual mode is rather poor and doesn't allow you to choose the aperture yourself.
sorry, what is asamof?
associates degree? wtf? piss off, troll. 
but you might enjoy the video.
that's what i said when i blew a pencil across the table but nobody bought it.
what have they been doing with it? i'm extremely interested. 
+1 for quoting fight club. but i think you're right.
i dunno... if you bing "awesomeness", you'll find bing right up there. or try binging "best search engine" and you'll see it. i binged / banged / bung some great porn too. 

nope. doesnt quite work. its all in the *word*.
i love abiword. my word processing needs are pretty basic—typing papers in rtf format with only the barest of formatting conventions—and abi does the job beautifully. 
well duh... the forepumps are broken or missing. no wonder its so cheap.  ever had to buy a forepump? they just dont sell those at walmart you know.
whew...
google was starting to be crushed by all those shares it had piled on top of it.
word. i lost a document i was working on in abi once. swore off never to use it again.
it's cool because it reminds me of [just the same machine](http://g.imagehost.org/view/0988/vlcsnap-38248) in one of the best science fiction movies ever made: [forbidden planet](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0049223/).
my jaw dropped when i saw rm -rf \home
yeah, i remember playing a racing game at an electronics store in new york where you steered the car by thinking really hard or not thinking (left or right).  this was at least ten years ago.  it's a really cool idea, but i can't imagine it being more than a novelty until the mind reader thing can measure more than just focus and lack of focus - ie if there was a heart rate monitor that measured how excited you were, or ways of measuring other various emotions
some falun gong practitioners claim they can levitate too
what's so exciting about that?

2008: neurosky (&amp;sega)

2007 brainball

2004: mind balance

honda has designed a helmet to control it's robot, asimo - move the thing around, hands, legs, the whole shebang.

mattel is releasing a toy like that which seems like more fun on oct 1 for 90 $. it has a little round obstacle course for the ball. they have been presenting it for more than half a year.  
[mattel mindflex](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcggapox0d4)
abiword is really lean on functionality unless you install plugin packs.

in linux it's probably called something like abiword-plugins in your package repositories. for windows, they're available at the download page.
i'd like to just keep it hooked up all the time while i use my computer, and then correlate any particular patterns with the usage of certain applications/websites. "huh, watching that video really did make me stupider, for precisely 23 minutes afterward."
wouldn't quite work like that, since rgb is an additive colour model and the inks would need to use a subtractive model like cmyk. still, i'd certainly go for one of these.
&gt; the fucking thing still doesn't run on intel macs properly?

the fucking thing still doesn't run on macs properly?
just google it jeees...
bing is not google.
well, perhaps they are more interested in furthering support for a foss system.
it's obviously entirely unrehearsed and unscripted. yet it's actually more informative than your typical commercial review. a not bad effort for a youtube n00b.
apart from the screen size.
did you install the abiword-plugins ?

in both debian and ubuntu you can get them by

apt-get install abiword-plugins

i haven't checked the capabilities very thoroughly yet, but like others have found here, a lot of the plugins are somewhat buggy, but it has a great potential. it is a small light weight word processor i actually use quite often. certainly we should try to get all its capabilities bug free. if each of us adopt a packages and make a list of everything not working well there, then it should'nt be that hard to make it become the ultimate processor. i was for instance very curios about the grammar plugin, which is missing from most other word processors. i had something similar on my amiga in the late 80-ies. and of course, as i use latex for writing normally, then latex formulas would be great. haven't checked the latex thingy yet though.
why did you use it all the time if it sucked?
eh... the fact of the matter is a lot of people on the internet are total newbs.. they have no idea what they want, they just want the illusion of control, which they will get with bing.
i'm sick of designed obsolescence.  i just dropped $250 and am waiting for some new sushi because my current sushi (less than 3 days old!) is making me throw up, and feel like i'm gonna have a seizure.
guess i'm lucky... still using my dell 2005fpw i bought over 4 years ago for $550
maybe it's just me but that guy sounds just like 'comic book guy'.
to the famous monty python tune:

spam spam, spam, spam,
 
spam, spam, spam, spam,

spaaaaaaaaaaam,

lovely spam!
designed obsolescence is a bullshit term used by people who are too ashamed to admit they bought something that's poor quality. face it: shit nowadays is much more fragile than the technology products of yesteryear. higher rpms, more heat output and making devices (and therefore components) smaller has all lead to products that don't and can't last as long as your 1980's vcr.


that's not to say that some companies don't build their products to purposefully break-down; however, this is not nearly as widespread an issue as the technology blogs and magazines and user-forums would have you believe.


the fact of the matter is it costs companies much less to create new technology to add into their products to get you to buy a new one versus building in a "time bomb" to kill the product after a pre-determined amount of time -and- adding in new technology to new products to boot.


ponder this: if a company were to make a product break down within a certain amount of time on purpose, they would need something that will consistently fail -just- outside of the warranty period. they wouldn't want to spend the kind of money it would take to create multiple points of failure, and the kind of risk such a move would create of widespread breakdown would simply not be acceptable. so, if they were to create a planned problem, it would likely be a single thing. this single thing, in the age of the internet, would spread like wildfire in the blogs and forums and the users would call this a "huge defect" and the company would wind up covering the cost of repairs anyway.


after considering all of this, ask yourself if "planned obsolescence" is a likely business model for any major tech company.


edit: edited for clarity.
i was doing a huge report once and the amount of times it crashed made me so angry i installed openoffice. also, with many graphics in a document, it becomes unbearably slow to scroll through it.
it would also be difficult to get it to accurately reproduce the color, since different kinds of pigments don't appear the same under different lighting (presumably, the pen would have to have its own light source for the color sensor). heck, it's hard even to get a printer to decently reproduce what you see on a computer monitor, and this would basically have another step. it could easily get a rough approximation of the color, but it wouldn't quite be the "world is your color palette" effect promised by the mock-up.
except microsoft actually extended the warranty and replaced gobs of 360s.
\*sigh\*


upvote.
rather than call it designed obsolescence, which i agree is bullshit, why not take issue with the simple fact that products are not designed to last nearly as long as in previous generations. across the board, even with premium quality manufactures, especially electronics manufacturers, products simply do not last as long as they used to. vehicles are one of the few exceptions. miniaturization and complexity alone can't be entirely blamed for this.
but it's overblown hype hurt my brain.

edit: who knew grammar would come back to bite me on my metaphorical apostrophe-laden ass? error preserved for lulz.
it's like openoffice's openoffice.
so, like, thinking/not thinking serves as the on/off? and specific thoughts don't matter? it's a neat thing but i'm not floored by it. i want something that raises an object because i'm thinking about raising the object. but i don't want it that bad.
the display is probably the most unnecessarily expensive part.
i give this toy about a week before it's being used in a sex show in bangkok.
again... i'm not saying it's impossible. i'm merely saying it would be a much greater discovery than better fuel efficiency.
it says on the video on the bottom. "reenactment", just when the monkey feeding itself part starts.

edit: [there](http://imgur.com/3ggxw.png) you go.
&gt;i would love to have a pen like this which helps me with my photography. select color and tell your computer later how that color looked like exactly.

&gt;this superb device will help people to observe the changing colors of nature. with color picker, all range of artists will be able to create a more sensorial and visual insight of their surrounding nature’s colors.
that is nice. so the goal of darpa is to first develop mind controlled fighter jets, send them overseas to bomb shit out of somebody, then bring ground troops to secure the area, at which point many of them would be blown to pieces by resistance, so that at the end of the day darpa would be able to replace lost limbs with mind controlled prosthetics to play piano and pitch a basketball.
color me underwhelmed.
[hp m50 monitor](http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/document?docname=bph03694&amp;lc=en&amp;cc=us&amp;dlc=&amp;product=58070) for about 9 years.
as a matter of fact. arguably, he should have left off the "s".

wow, i really didn't expect it to look just like my g1.

android already has a head start along with ubuntu and debian in being able to support arm devices, so with the next gen of arm net/notebooks coming along, google should do quite well in the portable computing sector. 
probably the solution to these kind of problems would be buying products with long or extended warranty.
altavista got bought out by ms fairly early on.  it was definitely on their campus back in 1999.


that's pretty cool but it's no [talkboy fx](http://stupidandpopular.blogspot.com/2008/10/talkboy-fx-pen-contribution.html)
i genuinely like bing, much better than live was and better at things than google. like i searched for an actor by name who i didn't know by face and the first result shows pictures of him.  just many small things like that that make it nicer to use. another one being the fact it lists most recent searches on the right.
i wonder if the precision of our thoughts (assuming ultra accurate sensors which these are not) would be more precise then our hands. hmm.
cool idea, albeit impractical for now. using ink as the medium would take away the possibility of controlling saturation, with no way of lightening the color of the ink.
lame for being not real mind over matter and for over sensationalizing it.
i shall build a library of porn for the ages.
live was mostly only good for programming results.
get down!
crashes like a sob on osx
i just hate the name. i find it to be the most annoying name of any product ever. i'm afraid i sort of need it to die. had they called it, "cheese." or like, "mordukal" no problem..

but bing? ugh. its annoying!
sooner or later m$ will be dethroned also.
in that case, i would say that *the loser pays the lower of the two parties' legal fees*. that way, their legal team has to survive on the $8/hr your time was worth.
next ve vill trick dee plebs to implant zem and make zem required for all finanzal tranzakshuns. zee plebz vill clamor for zit all in zee name of zience! lol!
i misread that as penis like this.
hmm. the many shades of doo doo brown. skin colours etc. looks like fun to be had for all.
the thing i was thinking is that you would have the scanner read an area, and not a point, and probably take the average, so with a non-uniformly colored object (like the apple) the color the pen sees wouldnt look like the scanned object to begin with.

though, what would be cool, is if you could capture the area as a picture, and have a way for the pen to progress through that picture sample as you draw, in effect recreating that texture on paper.  but then you'd need a way for the pen to accuratly know where it is in reference to what has already been drawn, a processor and mechanism both fast enough to progress the ink mix as you draw, and you'd probably have to just cross your fingers that the sample picture is repeatable.

but i can dream.
it'd be way more impressive if you could train the thing to interpret different kinds of thought patterns...take a set of fans and move a ball around in a set pattern by thinking directionally, and having the fans react to move the ball around a maze, for example.

that'd be a much more interesting toy.
i wonder why people are freaked out about it. there's nothing freaky going on. it reads activity, the fan goes, the ball goes, you intensify the activity, the fan blows harder.

someday i will be able to turn up a fan on a hot day by thinking at it. ahh, progress.
a penis that can produce all the colors of the rainbow?  dear sir, i am quite interested in your concept.
&gt; what's wrong with ubuntu?

for me:

* it's got a lot of cruft
* i can't stand the community

i go for gentoo or arch every time.
see that's why i tell anyone who will listen to avoid canon like the plague. everything's great as long as something doesn't break. i was in purchasing for a news corporation that owned a couple of papers and we decided to buy canons slrs for all photographers. this was a while ago so it was mostly 
30d's, plus a couple of mark i's for studio and sports work. the mark i's were fine, but the 30d's would *constantly* break down, had to be sent it for repairs and it would fucking take *forever* before we got them back. needless to say we decided to just cut our losses and buy a bunch of nikons instead.
i am not a fan of this sort of "design" thinking.  sure, its an interesting concept, but it provides zero credible technological solutions for it's implementation.
lol
&gt; i wasn't talking about the licensing.

your words, my emphasis:

&gt; i'm sure that android's *licensing* scheme asserts some sort of control
&gt; like he said, it's open source, which means that you get to do what you want with it.

that's what *free* software is.
&gt; android already has a head start along with ubuntu and debian in being able to support arm devices

gentoo had this a while ago. just sayin'.
i would rather get rid of the whole pen feature and just have a scanner to get rgb color values from real world objects.
*whips out crayons*.
i want this, question is..can you afford it for me?
so you mean, you want a second camera to take another picture of the color, so you can cross-reference the cameras?
also, the actual color produced by the ink is going to be *highly* variable on the type of paper or writing surface.
anybody else notice-----&gt; still. no. flash.
&gt; i'm going to check at all the brands of cats that are in the world

i'm thinking of buying a nike cat.  
i heard they last quite long because of the calcium in their legs.
i agree, i've seen so many of these lately, like that kinetic lamp or whatever.  imo people are just creating art projects - they give zero thought to the actual engineering feasibility.
wait, are you talking about a camera?
there are versions of word for windows and mac os. and, yes, it is free:

http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3326908
you must explain yourself before you disappear into oblivion.  was this a strange attempt to troll, or some other oddness?
excellent catch.  i guess people don't like it when you spoil their fantasies, though.
dated for osx as well…
agree. abi is write for linux/unix.  well, a bit more than write, but not too much more.
who claimed that eeg is what was going on in the monkey video? no one
i logged in to say the same.  i have lots of "design concepts" of flying motorcycles i drew when a child...also the hoverboard from back to the future 2.
what a bunch of shit.
i am probably going to get downvoted by the latex zealots here but...

i have always found microsoft equation editor to be far easier to use. i mean a gui has to count for something, otherwise we'd all be using emacs.
ya, on for those of you who are in #phrack on efnet, its supposed to be confirmed (this morning it was just thought to be) dikline. ymax says that it was ttk and devrandom says that it was some guy named darkpontifex, well never know.
cruft! like an expanded version of cuil. yes, ubuntu is shock with cruft. i will now reveal to the world an observation.

are you ready?

the ubuntu studio logo is a symbol of the female in position for "double penetration." note: two openings. there is no other explanation and this is supported by the existent ubuntu sex-motif marketing with a bunch of half naked metrosexuals pointing there asses at each other.

ubuntu "studio" double penetration logo:
http://www.ubuntu-studio.de/logo.png

ubuntu marketing: metrosexuals pointing their asses at each other:
(nsfw)
http://geekpressff.wordpress.com/2009/04/24/ubuntu-904-jaunty-jackalope/

http://fallengymboy.blogspot.com/2008/07/ubuntu-logo.html

http://antonruiz.es/blog/?p=706

if i want computer ass, i will use a search engine. for computing i am looking towards gentoo. or elsewhere where they have boundaries and do not "ha ha" with the logo. ubuntu is becoming "u-stupid."

fuckheads. this pisses me off because the microsoft monopoly is serious business. it is seriously big-brother, seriously expensive to society $$$, and seriously, fuck this shit, invoking the narwhal (i'm serious now)

oh my god we're getting a flying motorcycle and a hoverboard?! that is rad!
  
stop thinking "concepts" means anything else than "some designer thought this would be cool, without any regard for technology or physics", people!
i think the initial design is flawed, but that doesnt mean something useful can't come out of it. professional grade art markers for example can run 5-6 bucks a piece. a system that lets you mix your own colors could be quite cool and economical if done right (forget the color picker thing and just let the user pick a color from a base station that fills up a pen).  
you're certainly on to something.
openoffice doesn't have "infinite" undo, so i stayed with word in windows.

for my ubuntu though: does abiword have "infinite" undo?
oh, so you're just trolling.  carry on.
would be great for still-life artists. kudos to the inventor!
dang you're right! it would work much better as a cmyk pen!

even then, the colour range is limited, but i guess no more limited than regular cmyk printing.

i wonder if the dude applied for his patent?
that's not free, it's a pirated copy.
i don't expect a camera to be able to withstand a nuclear explosion but they should really be able to take a bit of punishment.

i've got a sony a100 and i've never had a problem though
i empathize with your frustration, it seems like quality control has gone down the tubes, also. maybe it has always been this way and i am just getting old, but it seems that any manufactured good that one buys these days has a better than even chance to fail after a short period of use, have some feature that doesn't work out of the box, or have some part missing right out of the box. 

that said, however; 


yo, dog! i heard you like designed obsolescence. so we designed some obsolescence into your designed obsolescence, so you could get some fail while you are getting your fail.
it's a developer 360. all of the dev models have the hump thing.
my bro gave me his toshiba satellite pro 4600 made in 2001 and i only replaced the hdd since then and it runs flawlessly, running windows 7 now. 8 years old! blows me away!
i've been subscribing to the open eeg list for a few years now, and it's mostly tinkerers analysing brainwaves and having troubles with their machines. 

nothing has made me lose faith in the possibility of thought-controlled computer as these hackers =/

they're all very smart people, but after years of this technology being around, there still doesn't seem to be much use for it above turning things on and off. even operating a mouse cursor requires months of training, and it's still difficult.
what confuses me is how the artist who created it was skilled enough to produce such good mockups of a potential product and yet didn't know this simple fact about the way colors work
where do i begin?

first, i don't see why anyone would downvote you because they don't agree with you.  downvoting is for banal and spam comments (although a lot of new reddit users seem to think otherwise).

&gt; i have always found microsoft equation editor to be far easier to use.

have you actually tried working in latex for more than an hour?  how about writing a document which has &gt;100 formulas?  can you give an example where using ms equation editor beats latex in ease of use and simplicity?

&gt; i mean a gui has to count for something, otherwise we'd all be using emacs.

wha-?  how does people not using emacs imply that gui counts for something (you know, you can get a gui version of emacs, even one of vi)?  i fail to see a logical connection here...  have you ever thought about why the entire academic community uses latex for writing papers?  do you think that's because they're all a bunch of stuck-up snobs that like to feel better than everyone else?

tl;dr latex beats word hands down for anything over one page long.
and available memory.
if only you were connected you'd be levitating that ping pong ball real high.
prior to my transformation into a latex junky, i was a equation editor addict.

to be honest, microsoft's equation editor is pretty damn good.  the equations always came out looking great, and it didn't require me to find creative hacks in order to fit large equations onto a page. 

about the only thing that was stupid about it is its lack of backwards compatibility.  
totally unrelated skills, m'boy.
quit. just... quit ruining it. it's awesome.
was it just me who wondered about the validity of this information?

especially the part where there's what reads like a press release only to find out they're quoting themselves:

    “it remains to be seen if bing falls away
    after the initial novelty and promotion but at
    first sight it looks like microsoft is on to a winner,”
    commented aodhan cullen, ceo, statcounter.

edit: spelling
like m$ windows?
what about an old approach? http://www.iridium.com/solutions/solution.php?linx=0008
altavista was never owned by microsoft...

it was a dec project. dec got bought by compaq, and then it shifted hands a few times and wound up at yahoo.
stopped watching at "...takes the brain signal and turns it into computer language".
another problem is that most objects aren't a uniform colour, so unless it's also scanning and reproducing the texture, you're more likely to be surprised than pleased with the results.
i've been using this for several months now, i like it.
i like word's editor too, but it's to click-heavy. even something as simple as x = e^iπ
 takes a whole bunch of clicks to set up.
does chandler get any royalties?
imaginary technology. 

i want a sexbot instead.
