congrats on picking up tennis!

i only started playing last year and i've very much enjoyed it, even if it is frustrating to go against a better player. 

there was another post here not too long ago, of a gal who was also looking for partners. in there someone posted a link to a tennis community. not being from the us i have no idea if this is close to you or not, but maybe it will help

http://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/f6w8t/looking_for_a_tennis_partner_in_the_south_bay/

good luck!
the fifth major!

i've had good luck watching the draw unfold and then snagging tickets on their official ticket site a few days before the event. the site is terrible but if you're patient and reload it periodically you can get excellent loge seats even when they seem completely sold out.

in any case, don't talk yourself out of going, it's really worth it.
thanks, i'll keep that in mind. sadly, the south bay is pretty far from me, but hey, worst comes to worst i'll find an instructor if i have to. i'm sure it'll work out, just an issue of time and patience!
great point, but i chose safin in this case simply because hes defeated guys like an insanely confident federer. and prior to that he finished sampras in 3 sets in the us open final, like a boss. i like to think that only a handful of players can do that excluding those you mentioned. djokovic seems to have that ability, but i don't count him in yet because hes still so fresh. djokovic and murray have yet to accomplish more than safin. btw, [safin has a 2-0 record vs djkovic](http://www.atpworldtour.com/players/head-to-head.aspx?pid=s741&amp;oid=d643), 1-0 vs murray, beating them both in straight sets. thats why i have yet to include those guys. marat has a winning record over them, but it doesn't mean he'll always be better. it just means that they can't be counted in yet because they're too new.
turtles all the way down.
turtles all the way down.
cool - if you can, get tickets on the west side of the stadium. you'll get the shade first when the sun starts going down, and it can be brutal depending on what time of day it is.
you can find tickets on the local craigslist or in the parking lot, esp. if you're only looking for a single ticket. 

make sure you have a hat and sunscreen! =)  i hope rafa's leg heals up by then.
and, most often overlooked, a sweater for night.
for this reason, i like the southwest corner of the stadium.  but actually, i don't even like the big stadium that much.  if money is a concern, i'd just get grounds tickets.  i love watching all the matches on stadium 2, 3, and well all the small stadia.  and i also just watch a lot of the practices.

i've gone for 5 years straight, and i'll be there for 7 days in the middle.  you will not be disappointed.  it is far better than a major for getting close to the players (this is the word i've heard - must admit i haven't been to a major yet.)

pro tip:  if you sit in the very top row of the east side of stadium 2, you can stand and watch the action on the smaller stadia to the east.  you can follow 3 matches at the same time (and get fully baked in the sun.)
ghostbeat, if you are interested in finding a partner fast.  i'll point you [here](http://tennisopolis.com/group/sfvalley).  over 300 valley partners.  (full disclosure: this is my site.)
ah, good point.  it can definitely get chilly in the evenings.
you shameless, glorious, bastard. this is exactly what i could use, and will be posting soon! thanks for the link. 
yes.  i was definitely rooting for her during the ao final.  she's the biggest name to ever come out of chinese tennis, she's fluent in english, she has way more personality than 99% of the players on tour, and she stood up to the chinese government and basically said 'nope, i'm gonna do my own thing' in regards to scheduling and coaching.  it is so great to see her having success late in her career.  if there's any player who will make tennis popular in china, i want it to be her for those reasons.  she's not just a machine, she's an individual and she's entertaining to watch and listen to.  so yeah.  i'm a fan.
i definitely think so.  i know i'd be more than a little disgusted if my opponent felt the need to do a dance immediately after beating me.  just seems really immature.  it will become a problem with other players if she keeps this crap up.
i wouldn't want to keep anybody from some fun.
i was able to get front row of the loge section every time i've gone. really awesome. if you're at the back on the loge section might as well just go for grandstand though. especially in the earlier rounds because you can probably sneak down into some empty loge seats. i also agree with the other commenters about the south/west corner for shade.
not exactly 'tennis', but i thought you guys would find it interesting. 
i'll go:

1. fed
2. laver 
3. sampras
everybody knows that you aim for the body of the net man.
i think saying winner right now is not that absurd.
mad respect for clijsters. i never would have believed that she could have become so dominant again after taking two years off to have a child. 
1. federer
2. sampras
3. agassi
4. nadal
5. becker/edberg/lendl
interesting indeed. pretty original concept. it seems like being able to set the ball up for yourself could allow for some irretrievable shots but those guys appeared to get to most balls. nevertheless, looks fun.
while i enjoyed the vid, i do agree with youtube commenter jennyclarke21:
&gt;where﻿ are dolgopolov, kuznetsova, petkovic,﻿ raonic, soderling, nalbandian??

for that matter i didn't see caro wozniacki either, but she's an established player and didn't cause the impression dolgopolov and raonic did imo, these guys need the publicity more. 
we finally have answers.  thank you good sir.  

remind me not to anger your coach.  i don't want to find myself extinct!
wow i love how federer is moving way before the serve at the very beggining. i'm not even close to this level of anticipation. 
turtles all the way down.
true and ivanovic shouldn't be in any highlight reel ever.
ahh, the infamous meteorite lob. i hope that you have the skills to learn this formidable shot.
that aus open semi final was one of the best matches ever.
damn fine day of tennis.  watching soderling/troicki now.  rs looks good.  dolgo has been on fire since his lead up to the aussie open.  curious to see if he is legit.
raonic's serve is, quite frankly, sick.  kid definitely has talent and will be a force to be reckoned with.

i'd still like to see nando get a title tonight though.  would boost his confidence.
that went quickly.  dayum.
i saw raonic in toronto at rogers cup this past year.  tall and unassuming.  glad to see he is unlike isner (who has, imho, nothing but a serve.)

raonic will be someone every top player has to keep an eye on when the draws come out.  
rematch to follow on monday?  well atleast whenever the match will be played: http://www.atpworldtour.com/posting/2011/402/mds.pdf
i wonder who, if anyone, has the edge here. raonic because he just beat verdasco? the match was so close in their final, i can't wait to see this. i believe they are playing on tuesday, i didn't notice their match listed today.
if you are losing, don't get down on yourself. if you are winning, don't get cocky. just keep the ball in play. enjoy yourself!
1. you'll probably run in to people that really aren't beginners.
2. try to hit to your opponent's backhand. beginner backhands are usually not that great.
3. receiving against a strong server? watch carefully for long balls and block (short swing) the ball back.
4.  have fun!

take time to enjoy the experience.  i just recently started playing tournaments (within the last 2 years) and have always enjoyed them, win or lose. 

try to keep a level head, focus on your game, and if at all possible - don't hit conservatively.  many beginners slow their swing down way too much and just "try to keep it in play".  that's a recipe for disaster.  you'll likely lose, which is one thing.  but you'll also alter your game for future matches, which is quite another.

so, my advice - enjoy and play your game.

let us know how you do!
the advice to hit to your opponent's backhand is a good tip. it's what nadal and other pros use against federer and if it can be effective against roger, it can be effective against anyone. 
&gt;it's what nadal and other pros use against federer and if it can be effective against roger, it can be effective against anyone.

not necessarily. there are still a good amount of amateur players who's best shot is their backhand, or their forehand is much more erratic. typically weaker players will try to play conservative with their backhand (since they are far less confident) and have a tendency to overhit their forehand. against this sort of player, going to the forehand is a good tactic. 
my advice? don't be concerned about winning or losing. be concerned with playing *your* game. try not to get tenative and start pushing the ball out of a fear of losing - that sort of habit will come back to bite you big. 

you might win, you might not, but if you can walk off the court knowing that you played *your* game and were not suckered into playing weak or tenative, that's a victory. at this point, the success you have should not be determined in the final score. 

oh, and make sure you enjoy the process! let us know how it goes. 
be a good sport--if a line call is too close to call, call it in favor of your opponent.  if you treat your opponent with respect they will do the same for you (95% of the time).

if things are going well, continue to play your style and stay focused on being consistent, alert, and aggressive when the opportunity presents itself.

if things are not going well, don't panic.  take your time in between points, especially on your serve.  try to identify the reason why you lost the previous point--did you have poor footwork? were you not really focused? did you make a tactical error, such as hitting a drop shot when you were nowhere near the net and/or your opponent was near the net?  are you attempting to target the opponent's weakness(es)? or, did your opponent just hit a damn good shot?  sometimes you just gotta give credit to your opponent.


up until very recently, i was in the case that i was so worried about my crap backhand that i worked a lot on it. i practised it as much as i could, which was great for those shots, but i did it at the expense of ignoring my forehand. in a game i played a few weeks back my backhand saved me, but my forehand ruined me. 

but still i'll try to study my opponent and see what side he's weaker with.
take a cue from something about mary and never play with a loaded gun.
mmm...  tennis girls
i think the ranking is great. the only thing is that in the wta, some girls skip a lots of small tournament and sometime harder worker get to number 1 without winning a slam. wozniacki is a constant semi-finalist in slam, i think she deserved her #1 spot. 

for the best of system, the tournament have a big point margin between them and i don't think someone could get number one by playing smaller tournament anyway. expecially when the years end #1 of the 4-5 last years won 2-3 slams anyway. 
get your first serves in and never pull the trigger.
another point for milllllooooooossssss
final now. does canada have a genuine tennis single player, wow i never tought that was possible!!!
it won't matter who serves harder, raonic can place his serve in the corners, roddick can't (or at least not as well).

raonic, 4-6, 7-6, 6-4.
i'm hoping raonic beats that's record, best montenegrin tennis player ever! 
he learn under canadian system and become big eating canadian food. unless you are aware that he learned tennis before 3 y/o, he is no more montenegrin than me
sure he's montenegrin, just like agassi is iranian!
does anyone have a feed for a final?
i didn't realize it had started, just flipped it on.  first set tiebreak just starting off.

*edit - roddick got lucky in that tiebreak.  raonic choked up under the set point pressure.  i still think raonic has a good chance at taking this one.
i have to comment also, the lighting in that facility is so amazing.  it's almost as if they are playing outside.
i also have the advantage of running my own indoor club, so its always on tennis channel, never miss a beat! haha
i think there might be a bit of experience, though.  in the tiebreak, roddick had his back against the ropes a few times but found a way to pull through.  i dont like the attitude raonic has had a few times with the umpire, bit immature
amazing final point by roddick.
he's still young and will learn to control himself..the umpire didn't call a double bounce in the third set that clearly did double bounce so he had a right to be annoyed...they say he's got some temper, but he controlled himself nicely in this match overall. absolutely incredible, he'll be top 10 for sure.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzb0zwpsf-k
yup, that was one hell of a match point
i was there. amazing winning shot. the place went absolutely freaking nuts. 
what a scoundrel.  great point.  
if it isn't championship point, does he let that ball go?  that looked painful.
hi!
i hope you all like my video, find it enjoyable and leave a nice comment :)
kind regards,
morpher1978
i really love roddick's press conferences. he's one of the funniest guys on tour. 
not legal anymore, sadly ;p
turtles all the way down.
i think if you challenge, you either win or lose the point then and there, otherwise there's a chance it could be exploited, i.e. if you're in the middle of a rally which you might be losing, you could just challenge half way through to stop the game and have the point replayed because you were going to 'hit the ball back in play'.

this rule makes it black and white, rather than having the umpire trying to predict the future
turtles all the way down.
did the rule change after this incident?
what are you talking about? of course its still legal. 
http://wiki.answers.com/q/can_you_throw_your_racket_at_the_ball_in_tennis_to_hit_it_over_the_net
[official rule of tennis 2011 itf](http://www.itftennis.com/shared/medialibrary/pdf/original/io_54581_original.pdf)

p.13 24.j the point is lost if : the ball in play touches the racket when the player is not holding it; or the player deliberately and materially changes the shape of the racket when the ball is in play;

say sorry to daddy !

sorry dad :(
i think he is asking if throwing your racquet became illegal after connors did this hilarious move.
i like the story, and props. i'm just getting back into the swing of things. (pun intended). hopefully my league is fun this year, it's been ages. 
if you just keep hitting it over to their backhand, they will get annoyed as crap, and start going for too much, whether it is more consistent or not than their forehand. they'll eventually just start making errors on that side. unless they are just smoking you, just hit it over there. 

when i played beginners stuff (like 3.0's and 3.5's) i would just slice like a madman over to people's backhands and it worked like a charm. 
i just went back and read the first thread. forget all of that stuff about not worrying about winning and losing. that's why you play the game. just remember not to be a dick about it. no one likes a dude (or chick) that's an a-hole, but seriously worry about winning, because it will drive you to play harder. 
when i was a little kid, bahrami was my hero. i'm now a middle-aged persian guy with a sweet stache and a silly tennis game. 
congrats on getting back into playing, hopefully you'll also have fun.

thanks for the tips! while i wasn't constantly thinking "i need to win", i did concern myself with trying to play that current point as well as i could. now, i'm still a bit too ambitious and aggressive for my own good and lost several points because of this, but that made me learn was that i'm better than i give myself credit for playing close to the net. i'm also starting to read the other player so i can get into position quicker, just need more technique so as to not fail with the shots as much.

but of course i do want to win. i'm also a big fan of racing and like one of the legendary drivers said "second place is just the first of the loosers".
i completely agree with roddick except on funny people.  that's the only sandler film i've enjoyed since billy madison.
in my opinion fed still has at least a couple years left in the top 10, however his slam winning days are behind him.  i believe nadal, djokovic, &amp; del potro will have a strangle hold on the 4 majors for the foreseeable future.
&gt;worry about winning

i think your overall message is good, but this is not a very good way to say it. ideally, you want to really really really care about winning, but you can't ever *worry* about winning. that would lead to timid play and a "try-to-not-lose" strategy. never works. instead, developing an ambition on court where you're not afraid to lose and able to trust your strokes and hit out in the crucial moments.

also, i've noticed that the competitive desire to win really varies from person to person, and it really comes out in tennis. the mindset you develop in insanely crucial to how you manage yourself on the court, but for the op who is playing in his first tournament, he shouldn't worry too much about results yet. instead he should focus on developing this proper mindset and the ability to trust his strokes in the pressure moments. 
yeah, i agree. i think the biggest thing to not fear is losing. you can't ever think about losing, just which shots give you the highest probability of winning. 
well, i mean, worrying about winning means the opposite of worrying about losing. that's the worst thing you can do. if the guy is going to beat you, he's going to beat you. but, always worry about winning, ie, go for your shots. there's no time like the present to develop confidence in your shots, than by going for them all out early on in a playing career. 

i had to learn this early. i would get scared of charging the net early on, because i would get passed, and i eventually realized that i had to worry about winning, i had to take charge of the match, and attack the net. if the guy was to good, so be it, he beat me. but i wasn't going to lose it for myself by being passive. 

i think you're right though, the game has got to match the personality of the player, or else the player will never be comfortable on the court. you can't turn a risk averse person into a big hitter. 

my coach always taught me that, and always taught me to play to my personality.  
do you think she would notice me if i play with one of her dress ? 
definitely if you go with that shiny black number from last year's us open.
i don't think you got it. she challenged after the point was called a let, not in the middle of a rally that a player thought they were going to lose. 
i agree. 
9 pm est on espn2. i never thought i'd see sampras leave the wilson stable of racquets, especially after he got the signature brand with the kps88 but, i guess wilson isn't paying him anymore. ;)
crap, i hope they do a re-run.  i've already got 2 shows scheduled to record at 9pm. =(

edit: yay, it's on espn3 as well.  woot!
hmm i didn't see a let there as it wasn't during serve, she thought the ball went out, strongly enough to stop playing and challenge
is that mardy too?!?
good to know that he wears the exact same clothes at all times.
i honestly had the sane problem, i hit every serve as hard as i could and absolutely everything goes into the net, except for the very rare ones that pass are aces. i then went for some tennis lessons and the coach spent so much time slowing down my serve so i could focus getting it and getting the serve motion right. i took time but i got it. now my serve can top up at around 130 km/h and i'm able to hit a kick serve and slice serve. this is 2 months after that slow down phase. it helped a lot. 
did you? (you know..)
in athens, ga?
hello,

not sure if anyone is interested but i made mighty progress after sticking on extra replacement grip and an overgrip on the racket. i am able hold the racket more sturdily. 

i guess i had a incorrect grip size and slippery grip to begin with.

overgrip makes a huge huge difference! thanks guys.
its kind of hard not to run into that guy.
[blake vs federer us open 2006](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx8xmintxse&amp;feature=related) before blake had that horrible year off the court, he was a beast. also had the best grunt imo
*edit: just realized that the accident happened before this match. damn that's impressive
small world, i live in athens too :d.  i could have sworn i saw him last week, glad i wasn't imagining things.
he wears a more casual v-neck t-shirt when he's out on the town; a guy needs to have some style.
grew up down the street from this guy, his parents are good friends of my parents.
its....mesmerizing....
i'm ashamed to say that i stared much longer than i should have.
admittedly, more strategy than most people seem to use based on this thread! good job!
it can be easy to overthink tennis, so good for you!
apparently, so did andy!
troll bait guys
i hope you don't mind if i go out speaking the king's, but everytime i hear german all i can think of is inglorious basterds now
just your lucky day: essential tennis just posted a video on this topic.

http://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/10rkcy/essential_tennis_fixing_your_serve_toss/
it happens around 3:15 in the video.
and i thought i was the only one..
paranoia is worse when you watch a lot of wta tennis - even wearing headphones i worry that my family will hear the muffled grunts and mistake it for porn.
i showed her this and she said: "i still think you're doing the first thing".
this does, of course, make more sense at the pro level than at the recreational level, but depends on how frequently you make your first serve, and how good that first serve is.  some players pretty much hit the same first and second serve (slowly).
knees are:

1. kind of important

2. even moreso for a guy who runs down everything.

3. notoriously difficult to rehab. it's not like muscle where you can just "stretch and hit the gym"
poor communication from both players tbh.
so basically if you can get first serve percentage high enough, just do first serves all day everyday.

and this is saying not to do kick/spin serves which i rather like, based on percentages.
from my experience, this is a pretty commonly used exercise in pt and has been for at least a few years.
amusingly enough, the all time record for 2nd serve points won is held by rafael nadal (57%), never a player particularly noted for his serving ability - in fact it's one of the weaker parts of his game, particularly in comparison to his peers. he's the definition of the high percentage low risk server. 
it's not just about the % of first serves you make. it's about the % of first serves you make and the % of points you win when you make your first serve.
same but when i hear italian.  "antonio bendetti!"
the thing is that tennis isn't about winning more points, it's about winning the important points. hitting a first serve twice is risky. if you're confident in your ground game, it's probably much better to get into the big points than to go for broke. if you're john isner on the other hand... bombs away.
two economists disagree, looking at data from the linked article -

1. [this article](http://cheaptalk.org/2010/08/31/should-roger-federers-second-serve-be-as-fast-as-his-first/) suggests that the receiver will change strategy if the server adopts the suggested strategy. 

&gt;one model: the receiver has a budget of effort to expend on the two serves.  in the slow second serve and fast first serve scenario, he saves some effort for the second serve.  hence, the first-serve win percentage for the server is large.  if the server serves hard on both serves, there is less incentive to save effort for the second serve as it is fast anyway.  so, transfer effort to the first.   for the server, the win percentage will go down on the first serve and up on the second.  i guess the server might be worse off as result.

2 . [this article](http://cheaptalk.org/2010/09/01/my-take-on-second-serves/) looks at the probability of winning/losing a point if a serve goes in.

&gt; the second serve is their best serve, but nevertheless it is a “backing-off” from their first serve because their first serve is (intentionally) excessively risky.

&gt;statistically, the implications of this strategy are

&gt;the winning percentage on first serves should be lower than on second serves.
first serves go in less often than second serves.
conditional on a serve going in, the winning percentage on the first serve should be higher than on second serves.
nice'. really helpful vid
agassi 
it has to be inside out forehands :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8jbomhznpe

sharapova tosses the ball too high.  federer, safin, and sampras all have good serves, but i would say federer.  although his serves arent the fastest, they are accurate, can be disguised until late in the serve, and can have massive kick.

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl21dc503c5ccd569b


i've always wondered, if karlovic, raonic, or isner served like roddick could they serve any faster?
i feel like sharapova's motion is average. however serena's is the best on the women's tour, easily. her weight transfer is so simple and you can just feel how much power is behind every serve, even her second.

http://youtu.be/xonhztpo5s4

in that sense i think the 2nd serve really differentiates how fluid the motion is. i'm really not a fan of federer as much as i am [isner](http://youtu.be/6r0jilvzxoq), [berdych](http://youtu.be/6r0jilvzxoq), and [murray](http://youtu.be/2gfkqd7gbzq)

pretty cool new video for nadal fans.  especially ones who have followed him for a while.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3m_qdf_zu0
my coach always says, "focus on playing the point, not playing the score."

in other words, fuck the score.  if you're down 2-5 or up 4-1 or whatever, just keep your attention on the point you're playing *now*, as opposed to a bad shot last game or what you're going to do if you win this one.
thanks guys. ya the only new one i ordered off of ebay turned out to blatantly be a pro staff with new kblade paint.
when i think about federer i think about [his phenomenal one-hand backhand top spin](http://i74.photobucket.com/albums/i255/mikro112/federer_gifs/backhand_rg.gif), not his forehand.
andy murray is bad for tennis! /thread 
i don't appreciate your use of of the word 'fag' as a derogatory term.
yes, a thousand times this
sjeng schalken.
i see what you did there
i think serena and federer have the best service motion and between the two, i think serena's motion is slightly better. she gets such good weight transfer from her legs and it's just such a dependable shot for her. 
sharapova does actually hit very big second serves as it is. it's one reason (along with her shoulder injury and high ball toss getting raped by the wind) why she hits a lot of dfs, as she completely goes for it. she has made a lot less in 2012 though, to be fair to her.

i love when players hit ss aces. one that springs to mind is kvitova in the wimby final on mp. 
more andy [here](http://www.zimbio.com/photos/andy+murray/browse)
great articles. this:

&gt;the winning percentage on first serves should be lower than on second serves.

is what, in essence, the nyt article says is not the case with many players. then again, the margins seem to be quite small (e.g john isner, cited as an example of someone who'd benefit: 51.68% vs. 50.6%) and could be offset by mental aspects as well as saving energy.
you lost me at wta.
federer
"...because you still have your pants down whenever i walk in"
it's certainly possible that people get tennis elbow, but never treat it, so some visibility would help.
what do you mean "served like roddick"?
ridiculously good. makes me sad that people forget just how stupidly good he was. (not that he still isn't immense)
that whole match was fantastic. motherfuckin magic by federer, its the only explanation. 
i was ballboy for that match, though not that point. i watched that from the stands. that was the greatest match i've worked for. i was a supervisor the next year and got to watch the final (nadal beat federer in 3 sets) basically on the court. amazing experience!
mary carillo looks pure evil
but it's so dramatic! constant drama every where you look! 
i wouldn't get too excited. this is an exhibition tournament that has very large financial incentives for top players to play at, it awards no ranking points. 

i'd make a handsome bet that it's the only tournament he plays at before next year's pre-australian open tournament. 
mardy fish and roger federer's serves are immaculate. 
always great to see a crowd go absolutely nuts like that. 
it'll be good to get his skill and charisma back on the tour..while i'm always scared of him playing federer, i respect him even though he has mixed feelings among the tennis fan community 
this is why, as hard as try, i can't possibly like djokovic... he's a clown.
ah janko
agreed. tt forums first, then ebay.
makes sense. can't really ask players to change the habit of a lifetime now, but it would be best for the game in the future if it's weeded out young.
means there's an extra spot open in the atp world tour finals. 
that's just silly.
this is why, as hard as i try, i can't possibly hate djokovic... he's a clown!
his hip and shoulder rotation (maybe his abbreviated toss motion too).  check out karlovic's serve http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3rr9-od7_c  doesn't look like he has much hip rotation.
yeah and most likely just to test out how far he can push his knee against the top players before he absolutely has to next year.
what the fuck man
that is actually illegal. i believe ticket companies are currently being investigated over this very matter.
upvoted for karl. and also bullshit.
sorry, i couldn't focus on the actual content because what the fuck.
a large part of being a professional athlete in any sport is entertaining the fans and the crowd. 

djokovic went from being generally disliked (imitating other players didn't sit well with a lot of people, calling out the us open crowd and getting booed off court) to being very popular wherever he goes. 

besides, almagro is the one who starts dancing.  give the guys a break.

who else instantly clicked on ivanovic's practice session in the suggestions?
wow. 
and? djokovic is a beast.  by far one of the best guys to watch on tour.  others like to see famous people dance to the popular song of the week.  let them have their extra minute of entertainment.
oh i saw that rant :) it happens more than you realize though. they might not use those words, but they do incredibly oversimplify things sometimes, to the point where they become no longer applicable. and they are far too often just plain wrong.
and djokovic is probably the most athletic player (probably behind nadal) on tour. go rewatch the djokovic-del potro us open match.
apparently companies can tax their own products themselves.
or a certain juan martin del-potro in that us open finals a few years back when he beat fed. he was going for broke on every shot including his second serve which, if i recall correctly, he hit a number of aces on.
how about tsonga and monfils?
the shipping fee rising too, crazy...

that
was
really lovely

edit: noticed the sigur ros in the background
if you're buying these from viagogo, does that mean there aren't any tickets left from the ticket seller?
so are you gonna blog?
awesome links, sir. i will study these...
i think one reason agassi was liked by fans was that he opened up emotionally to the public.  he was willing to be emotionally vulnerable.  contrast that with sampras who was uncomfortable in the media eye and probably vaguely distrusted the media.  i think it shows why the two biographies were so different.  sampras related matches, but wouldn't tell his innermost thoughts, and agassi was more willing to do so.

it's no accident that open's cover photo emphasizes agassi's eyes. 
most of the ticketing companies scale the fees.  i don't think it's typically done linearly as it is here though.
because convenience!

in north america ticketmaster doesn't do this. not sure if they just haven't thought of it, or they've been told they can't.
yes they do. but according to either british or eu law (can't remember which) these fees must be shown to be in line with what it actually costs the company. so they are currently being investigated because it is pretty clear the charges being levied do not represent the true cost.
maybe a customs fee or something, beyond a certain value fees are induced on products carried over borders (i believe)
definitely not the true cost.  i can see there being some additional cost of providing a more expensive ticket, but clearly not that much.
how about david ferrer? easily more athletic than both of those guys.
relevant match stats.

http://www.atpworldtour.com/share/match-facts-pop-up.aspx?t=560&amp;y=2006&amp;r=2&amp;p=b837

set 5 highlights.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wag7z4u5kcc
and how about that last sentence!
&gt;sadly, and perhaps inevitably, the sheer volume of traffic led to accidents, with six people killed when a tour bus collided with a container truck and burst into flames.
i've seen online concert ticket fees upward of 25% of ticket price. i believe the event holder outsources the whole ticket selling procedure to a 3rd party retailer because the price at the door never includes those fees. unfortunately events sell out so you have to buy online to ensure getting a ticket. 
i'd say both are more athletic than ferrer however they have not had to exert themselves as much lately because they've both improved their efficiency. in nadal's case it was an imperative he do this because he was too rough on his body. 
i've never understood why so many fed fans dislike rafa. i think both have complimented one another very well and have made tennis so great these past few years.
come on, admit it, you bought them anyway... like we all do.  we're such lapdogs.
you incorrigible rascals!
so you have 3 dunlops, 2 4s, 2 1s, and a 2.

why not put all three dunlops in the middle, or 2s on one side and 4s on the other with a 1 in the middle.

am i the only one who thinks about these things?!
i don't understand!!

i remember in high school during practice my friend and i would just lob some balls as high as we could, aiming for one of our teacher's jeep while he was coaching the soccer team. he would always be like http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/312/563/05d.jpg.

i see that i was downvoted. he was cool with it, by the way. we'd laugh at it together. if this pisses you off for some other reason, i dunno.
i have special eyes...
oh, god, thats the reason i barely ever watch women's tennis.
ya....same reason i love listening to nails on a chalkboard?
tennis balls are pretty much harmless. i don't know why everyone's against you. you were a kid. 
i think that has more to do with his defensive skills though he has improved his serve over the years.
yawn. 
put "is mary carillo" into google and have a laugh at the suggestions. 
i was so glad when he got a haircut. 
the actual amount isn't so interesting, other than, for a small company like fyb, it's a lot of money to shell out to get footage (and companies like that are supposed to obtain rights to show pro footage rather than tape them off espn).

what is interesting is the singles strategies which is something that you don't see that often.  most tennis videos focus on technique.

yes, it does cost money, roughly equivalent to buying a new top-of-the-line racquet, so those who don't want to spend it don't have to.
it took balls to do that.
demmm shorts. agassi looked pretty angry though, i've never seen the match but i'm thinking federer had shots like that all night. 
legs of a man, chest of a woman, head of a alien - i like it. 
nadal's serve improved a lot and peaked in 2010 at the us open, but since that win it's gone backwards a bit.
variant: what left-handed player has the most efficient/fluent service motion?

none of the top lefty players are really known as big servers primarily. 
yet it has come out today that [uncle toni has said](http://www1.skysports.com/tennis/news/12110/8136226/rafa-nadal-could-return-to-action-sooner-than-expected) he could return for the wtf or the davis cup final.

 i just think no one really knows, we'll just see what happens and welcome him back when he's ready. personally, i wouldn't risk it and pick him for the davis cup final, especially if it was to be his comeback.
i have to think of a good name! that's the hardest part!
gtfo dropshot.  you capitalist douche.  if you can't figure out the relatively simple strategies of tennis just from playing a bunch of matches, then find a different hobby.
actually really looks like it's stosur, with snoo's head.  
spot on! stosur has a very athletically built body, especially her arms. 
i think it's hard for any tennis player to compare to federer in terms of stardom and fanfare. he's extremely elegant, very charismatic, speaks fluently in 3 languages, and is arguably the best (certainly most successful) tennis player ever. 

i think the fact that nadal has a very aggressive/athletic game, and comes off as very intense when he plays might alienate fans - especially when comparing him to federer. 

it's not that fed fans don't like him - it's just that they're very different in many areas of the game. 
that's exactly right. it's stosur!
fucking didn't...
it's only the first video guys
kevin
love it!
i always imagined that federer fans didn't like him because of his winning record against federer. fed is arguably the better player (although a few years ago this wasn't as clear) but somehow nadal gets the better of him more often than not. in a way nadal has been the only thing in the way of federer winning the french open at least a few times more than he did, and probably many atp1000 clay court events.
[here's an album with a blue colorway for comparison.](http://imgur.com/a/qzo5y) if the mods want to use it, i can send all the files they need (or design more).
well, i am actually looking forward to [this matchup](http://www.atpworldtour.com/players/head-to-head.aspx?pid=sh90&amp;oid=sg64) if it ever happens.
i only do that when i can afford it (40-0, 30-0 leading in set), but only because i have a horrible second serve, and there seems to be nothing i can do about it.
good work. go with the white one with blue text.
download the adidas micoach app (free, doesn't need any expensive dongles). set up a tennis cardio 3-day/wk plan, and a tennis strength 4-day/wk plan. follow it, and watch as your game improves. i'm in week 2 now, and my endurance is already improved. it also makes you be able to make more calculated moves, and more precise swings.  i also have more reserve power left for serves near the end of my games. 
im going to go with anderson on this one
insanity, aside of being batshit insane- is not geared towards tennis. i'd recommend a tennis-specific workout regimen instead.
i definitely dont think it would hurt to be faster and stronger but i'm only a beginner. 
that was the most amazing match i have ever had the pleasure to watch. i'm a little young to have seen nalbandian in his prime, so thank you for this. :d
tough choice, but i'm gonna have to go with anderson
mr. anderson
that...is amazing.
how do you sign up for these tournaments and what are requirements to play? i've been thinking of signing up for some tournaments. 
if you search for usta tournament finder, you'll find a website on the usta page in which you can search for tournaments in your area.  for most tournaments, the only requirement is that you are a usta member.  after that, you simply register online for the events you would like to play in.  i encourage you to try it, its a lot of fun!
i think some additional details might be helpful.

* how much does it cost?  
* how many matches do you play minimum?
* how do you assess your level?
* how do you deal with an opponent that may be cheating?  or more simply, how do you deal with rules, in case people aren't sure how of them.
* is it conventional scoring?
* do you need to bring tennis balls?
this is a great comment, you're a gentlemen and a scholar! this is gonna be the top post. [my reaction upon reading this](http://i.imgur.com/fy7ca.gif)
this reads like blogspam, but thanks anyway.
whyyyyy is he missing that?
fed has the clear advantage at the wtf, so...
thanks for reading my article!  those are all good questions that i didnt really address.  i've had some other people ask me about the details of how to even get into playing usta tournaments, so i think i'll write up something in the near future answering the questions your asking above.  thanks again for commenting!
if you haven't read agassi's autobiography "open", stop everything and do it now.  :)   it's an amazing read...  the first chapter is pretty much the preparation for this match, the match, and the aftermath. he's kind of all over the place throughout the book, but every bit of it was fascinating.  he's truly an amazing individual.
why the fuck would anyone want to hurt roger let alone assassinate him? roger is one of the most wholesome and likable athletes in the world. whoever made the threat has got some serious issues.
1985 in case anyone is wondering. the idea behind the string is that as you wear it down closer to the middle it goes from green to yellow to red. 
i'm not sure whether to think it was pure genius or just extremely lucky... i'd love to think it was the former.
wow, what skill!!!  i'll have to start practicing that one.
look! look with your special eyes!
murray will beat nishikori in the final, though i would love to see nishikori win
i love almagro's backhand. 
[my boy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9rvohz5xno)
hnnnnnnng
3.5-4.0 on a good day ocoee,fl. close to orlando, fl

roger federer of all people. c'mon man.
interesting idea, but don't strings usually break from cutting into each other? you can't really see that.
well poly tends to. but many synthetic strings fray slowly. i strung a customer's racquet so i'll probably never know how it wears. it was literally just colored prince synthetic gut though.
thanks for sharing! this was great fun to watch. i love how the video was clipped so that all the action was non-stop. i'd almost like to watch tennis like this all the time.
because crazy .
heh "performance synthetic" ;d
people get charged and arrested for saying crap on twitter, so this guy should get the same or worse punishment. 
as a canadian, i'm excited to see how well raonic has been doing lately!
same here. very awesome to hear about him doing so well.
a win like this will have a huge impact on his confidence.
&gt;“on october 6, i plan to assassinate federer for the purpose of tennis extermination,” read the message

wtf? what kind of purpose is that? maybe it's a crazy ping pong fanatic or something 
2 of my favorites players in the final, but im gonna have to go with nishikori on this one
home crowd advantage definitely could play into it.
will he be able to handle the raonic power though?  he hits his serves and winners at about 20-30 kph faster than anyone he's played this week.
its a bit mean, but assuming your opponent at net isn't the strongest net player, go hard either right at him or a bit towards his backhand. be sure not to put it in his forehand volley wheel house. reflex backhand volleys are much tougher than forehand. 

if this is off limits (elderly opponent)or you're just too nice, try to hit a short,heavily angled shot. if you have enough time, you should be able to put it in the alley around the service line.  
i haven't seen the nishikori-berdych match but berdych is usually a pretty big hitter.
for sure. here is hoping he can beat the home town hero.
definitely agree with smacknoob. crucially, i don't think you should be going for a half-volley, try deep with a lot of top-spin or a drop shot if you're feeling cheeky.
as a canadian and a murray fan i am sad : (
that's true, but raonic out-struck him in their only meeting this year
i'd go to a place like tennis warehouse and find a prince with similar specs to what you have.  look for similar weight and balance.  if you're near a tennis pro shop, you can rent the racquets and give it a try.

the specs appear to be 100 sq in, 7 pts head light, 11.6 ounces, 18x20 string pattern.

a similar brand is prince exo 3 tour 100 18x20

http://www.tennis-warehouse.com/prince_exo3_tour_100_18x20/descpagercprince-pex320.html

you could call up tw and ask to talk to a playtester to get additional advice.
depending on how hard you hit, you can actually see notching.  it takes a while before it goes from notched to break if you spin your shots but don't break it quickly.  of course, if you hit very hard with lots of spin, you might break it sooner than you can see it.
i would argue that a tennis ball is far more effected by wind than a basketball, so, yes, i agree, outdoor tennis, at the professional level, is absurd.
out struck berdych?  i don't believe raonic and nishikori have played each other before.

http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1361220-milos-raonic-vs-kei-nishikori-match-up-of-serve-and-speed-in-tokyo
nothing i enjoy more than playing tennis on a 70 degree day, light breeze, fresh air, etc. but when i plop my ass down and flip on the tv for a pro match, i don't want to see the players' gear blown all over the court while the players chase down wind blown serve tosses. i completely agree with you, professionals should play indoors, exactly like basketball.
so you want to compare it just to basketball.  let's see, american football is played outdoors.  baseball is played outdoors.  golf is played outdoors.  they play american football in rain, snow, everything short of lightning.  when every stadium could be played indoors (the nfl does quite well), does it seem silly that the packers insist on playing outdoors in freezing cold weather?

the main reason is that indoor facilities would be a pain.  as it is, no slam has more than two indoor facilities, and two of them have none.  it would cost quite a lot of money, and smaller venues probably couldn't afford it.

in any case, no matter how silly you think it is, plenty of tournament organizers will say tennis is an outdoor sport (or mostly an outdoor sport) and dealing with the elements is part of it.  in other words, it won't change the way tennis is played.
because fed would win every match! 
comparisons to football don't make sense. a thrown football is not effected by wind as much as a basketball, or far more, a tennis ball. further, throwing the ball is only a part of football, not something that is done repeatedly every play, like tennis. bad comparison. 

don't get me wrong, i don't actually think this is going to happen, this is strictly academic. my point is simply that if outdoor basketball is considered completely ridiculous, why is outdoor tennis considered normal? 

again: beyond tradition, what is a good reason for outdoor tennis?
this makes less than no sense.
ok, then what good reason is there for playing basketball indoors?
good to see mr. choke artist getting back to form.
"according to itf website, nadal was tested at least seven times in competition and between one and three times out of competition (itf statistics only give testing ranges) in 2011. he would not have known the timing of the test or whether testers were collecting a blood or urine sample."
does anybody actually like andy murray? seems crazy but people are surprising.
&gt;in any case, no matter how silly you think it is, plenty of tournament organizers will say tennis is an outdoor sport (or mostly an outdoor sport) and dealing with the elements is part of it. 


i dont think thats a legitimate reason. ive heard too many stories about players playing in insane heat, or wind randomly deciding the identity of the victor. and of course rain delaying play and messing up the schedule, many times giving the advantage for one player over another. 

i think the only good reason for this is money.  
another tennisnow.com poster?
http://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/10fqck/heads_up_rtennis_we_are_being_spammed_by_new/

his account is 12 days old, his first comment ten days ago was: "are you freakin' kidding me? i bet he's serving a doping ban or something. no way this is all because of knee problems..."
awesome!
[remember monica seles?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monica_seles#1993_stabbing)
because murray sucks ass.
murray is the epitome of an also ran, not really top off the crop, but not a complete loser. not complete, but basically a loser. 
murray sucks
well you are wrong, andy never wins anything, seriously.
aa a murray fan and and american, i still like raonic and want him to do well. i like where he's going.
yes, i was referring to berdych
that's on in 3 hours for me..
nishikori takes the first set in a tie break!
nishikori takes the first set 7-6! he's handling the return of serve well. he could be doing even better if he lowered his unforced error count just a tad. i like his aggressiveness, though. he's staying on the baseline, drawing as many errors as he can from raonic. not shaken.
[i want those shoes.](http://imgur.com/acqlc) can't find that colorway anywhere.
i agree. his groundstrokes are looking strong for the most part. just a bunch of unforced errors and some occasional short balls. if he fixes that in the second set, he'll be golden.
at 7-6, 1-1, i would say the difference in this match so far is that raonic is not serving as well as in the qf's or sf's and is making a large number of errors off his backhand.  nishikori is playing his game and forcing raonic to play extended rallies.

edit: grammar
if the crowd really started going nuts, i think nishikori would get fired up enough to break and consolidate. this second set looks like it might be another tiebreak decider. on the other side, i actually enjoy how respectful the crowd is. the us open can sometimes get obnoxious.
yep, i agree. the backhand is not his strong side, definitely. he did show some pretty incredible down the line backhands against murray, though. 
today it's let him down so far...as i watch him dump another one into the net...
wow, that raonic forehand to setup break point at 6-7, 4-3 has to be the shot of the match...so far...
the tone of the match has changed after raonic taking the 2nd. i hope the 3rd set stays tight and both continue to put up a good fight. raonic has a considerable mental boost now.
**third set 2-0!** nishikori breaks! just consolidate now! he's made some incredible passes and still looks to have the fire in him. he's capitalizing on any short ball raonic presents him.
just error after error after error off raonic's backhand
watching this match, i'm beginning to see the reason why most pros use the double-handed backhand. that winner in game 4 to break raonic wouldn't be possible to hit with one hand. nishikori was quite a few feet behind the baseline and the ball was still over his head. mind blowing.
well, double break for nishikori...this one's finished.  a great match from him, he completely deserves such an awesome trophy.  as a raonic fan i'm quite disappointed in his performance, especially in the way he evaporated in the 3rd set.
he lost the third set 6-0 with a serve as strong as his. i haven't followed his career, but i suspect his problems are more mental than anything else.
mental toughness hasn't really been an issue....he saved match points against tipsarevic in the qf.  then he saved match points against murray in the sf...and that was after coming back from a break down in the final set.  perhaps it caught up with him here in the final and once the set got away from him, the japanese crowd carried nishikori home.
i know it's a smaller tournament, but you really deserve more than 6 upvotes for the updates and the effort.  thanks.
thanks, man. i just like being able to guarantee that there's always place available for tennis nuts to let loose and generate discussion. considering the late time, i knew there wouldn't be a lot of activity, but i'm glad a handful of people got something out of it.
cant wait to watch the replay on espn
that's rough, maybe she woke up and didn't feel well? at least you got the match win!
i guess courtesy does demand that i grant the benefit of the doubt, you're right.
relevant username.
i had both my semi and final today. woke up at 7 to drive an hour hour away. lost the final -.- took second place though 
i never feel good when i wake up. it's tennis that makes me feel better. 
i would categorize this as poor "tennis etiquette", which you may have not heard of, but apparently this "tennis etiquette" used to exist. 

xd maybe i have a little rage stuck somewhere inside me lol.
depends on your game, but i like slicing and forcing the opponent to hit a lower percentage shot to beat me, then after slicing changing it up with power towards the net player. no matter what you need variety rather than just one shot.
the real prince of tennis.
congrats on 3rd place!
[how badly?](http://www.miadidas.com/customizeshoe.action?ident=i1317201012342_st&amp;type=5)
i play mix doubles, and if it is possible, i hit heavy slice just outside of the reach of the net player, and try and get the ball to bounce on the service line. this will send the ball behind the net player, and forces the server to run after it. if you do it right you should get a whimpy shot and an empty court. that is if your opponent is in shape. if it is an out of shape server, a drop shot to the doubles alley of the open court should do the trick.

wow, that's pretty awesome. nishikori is wearing [adizero feather 2.0s](http://www.adidas.com/us/product/mens-tennis-adizero-feather-ii/cy123?cid=g62884), though. too bad you can only choose the barricades.
how much tennis have you played before? i'll tend towards someone that doesn't know their rating = beginner. now, there are 'two' types of beginners - those that have never played before - they can be classified as 2.5's. there are also beginners that have hit tennis balls before, but never done anything with the ntrp. these i'd classify as a 2.5-3.0 - frankly either rating will suffice for them, and i always say rate yourself lower than you think you actually are. you can always play up, but you can't officially play down, so if you're a 2.5 and you run through a couple matches at the 2.5 level you can go play 3.0 stuff no problem. if you rate at a 3.0 and are getting beaten constantly it takes time to get re-rated down to 2.5.
i guess the reason i don't know is i don't play league tennis. i just play at my high school on the team. when i read up on the sites, i'm thinking i fit under the category of 4 or 4.5, but never really sure.
ah ok - then 4.0 almost guaranteed. if you are trying to be like d3 collegebound then 4.5. 
i am going to go ahead and ask and try not to sound like a complete retard... d3?
haha no problem - division iii college tennis. mostly small colleges that don't have much funding (no scholarships and such). skills are much lower developed than division 1 players but are still good enough to do more than play on a club team in college.
huh? according to your rule of thumb, if one plays 4 times a week, he should change strings once a week. ??
i still have 3 years of high school(only a sophmore atm), so i think it's a bit early to think about college tennis. what would be a d3 college that you can think of off the top of your head?
big d3 college - johns hopkins. small d3 colleges are all over the place. [here](http://www.collegetennisonline.com/tennis/division.aspx?lgid=3) you can see some of the rankings
what is with all the murray groupies? 
youtube has plenty of footage
great point. i mean, would the nba hold games outdoors? of course not. yet, a tennis ball is far more effected by wind than a basketball. outdoor tennis is, tradition aside, ridiculous.
djokovic has yet to lose a match in this event over three years!
by reading the self rating guide on the ntrp site, most people tend to over rate themselves.  videos on youtube arent particularly helpful either because there are no official ntrp videos and some people claim to be higher ranked than what they look like.

[this channel](http://www.youtube.com/user/hi10spro) uploads some videos of players with rankings.  **i think** they are accurate if you -.5
i heard ntrp rating can also depend on what region you live in.

i'd say that most high school players are ~4.0-4.5, but it depends on where you live.
sorry, typo. four times a week means restring four times a year, so every few months should be ok for the casual player. 
thanks for catching that. 
earplugs out, lotion ready
no spoilers in the headline 
that's impressive.
foot fault!
even at a decent level of doubles, this is typically our strategy. if you can flatten out your return, pick it up early and go hard at the net player, if you can, at his chest.
tsonga has now the best volley in the circuit. pity his lack of mental consistency.
i use that kind of chalk at the gym all the time. it could be useful in tennis if you hands are very sweaty - this stuff absorbs moisture very well. it will get all over your clothes (although it is white, so shouldn't be hard to see) and the ball, potentially sending up a small chalk cloud whenever it is hit. 

chalk dries out your hands a lot, overall i only use it for deadlifting and would not use it while playing tennis.
murray fan or not, the assertion that tennis loses if andy murray wins is ridiculous. 
i'm not trying to be mean, but i wouldn't recommend anyone buy that racquet. that is the toughest frame and should be left to the pros. wilson even announced roger has recently experimented with 95sq inch heads. if you're asking what kind of string you need, then you're probably not at that level. 

now, with that being said i know i won't change your mind, so let's talk string. since you said power is not in your game, then it may be best to go with a poly (rpm, hurricane, etc). however, the all poly may be a little rough on your arm, so i would strongly recommend trying to get poly mains and a multi-filament syn gut crosses. 
thank you for the informative response. 

i play a minimum of 2-3 times a week alternating with the same 3-4 opponents all of whom i would describe as utilizing a power game. as aforementioned i would describe myself as a finesse player. 

for a long time now i've been playing with a head youtek ig radical. it was a racquet that was bought for me and i simply worked my way into being accustomed to it. having said that, it has taken some punishment and i figured it might be time to get a new racquet. unfortunately, i know little about racquets and the only place in my area with tennis racquets is a dicks sporting goods whose selection is minuscule. 

i've thought about using tennis warehouses  demo program but at $20 for shipping i didn't think it was a fiscally smart idea. obviously i'd like to find a racquet that is meant for my strengths on the court. 

any suggestions? 
well, it is a legitimate factor.
why are other sports played outdoors?  in any case, basketball is played throughout cold weather during the winter, and for the number of games they play (82), it's a pain.  once you bother with an indoor stadium, that's it.  in tennis, every tournament would need to have several indoor courts.  the ones later in the year manage it because they have small draws and not that many indoor courts.  cost, space, and the number of people that will attend factor into why so many tournaments are held outdoors.  and tradition.
why not give it a try and see?
uh, most top high school players are 4.0-4.5 and that's at a good place.  there are seriously high school teams, esp. from small towns which top out at 3.5 and some are even worse where players can barely get 5 balls across the net, don't own their own racquets, don't know much about stringing.  the variability can be amazing.
i guess i played in a pretty competitive area, quite a few # 1 &amp; 2 singles were 5.0.
the official ntrp rating is like chess rating.  you find out your ratings based on how you do against competition in a league situation.  thus, you could have awful looking strokes, but if you're quick and can place the ball, and can deal with opponent's pace, then you could still be, say, a 4.0.  in reality, players around 4.0 usually do have nice looking strokes.

here are a few guidelines, though they are only rough.  

* can you aim your serve down the t and out wide reliably?
* do you push your second serve instead of spinning it because you're scared to double fault?
* can you hit 20 balls in a comfortable rally without missing?
* if a player has you on the run, can you reliably pass them?
* are you winning more matches than you lose?

with the ratings, it seems like anyone can be a 4.5

&gt;this player has begun to master the use of power and spins and is beginning to handle pace, has sound footwork, can control depth of shots, and is beginning to vary game plan according to opponents. this player can hit first serves with power and accuracy and place the second serve. this player tends to over hit on difficult shots. aggressive net play is common in doubles.

this is an understatement.  a 4.5 is already hitting harder than almost everyone they see at a public court.  the average person you see on a public court, which means the vast majority of players are between 3.0 and 3.5.  when you see someone really good, they might be a 4.0, and rarely a 4.5.

for a guy, here's a quick test.  can you hit a kick serve above a person's head (at least 6 ft up and hits the back fence)?  this isn't anything sure, to be fair, but if you have a hard time kicking the serve or spinning (unless your a flat bomber), you probably aren't 4.0 or 4.5.

make a video, and ask your coach to give you an estimate (might be biased).
i think raonic was starting to miss second serves and nishikori was moving him around and that was starting to take a toll.  it's tough for big men to move around that well, and nishikori really presses you to move.
surprisingly, a quick turnaround after raonic looked like he was in control.
given the racquet cost $200, a $20 investment isn't that much.  call up tennis warehouse on their toll free number, ask to talk to a playtester, and see if they can't advise you on a few racquets to try out.

they are west coast, so keep that in mind when calling them.  may want to do it in the afternoon.
of course. 
i play with that racket!  and i am inclined to agree with tcptennis that the racket is definitely an advanced player's racket, so level &gt; 4.5.  however, that being said, if you can consistently hit the middle of the head then you should be ok and the racket is only an extension of the player.

now on to your question about stringing.  i typically hybrid string the racket at 58 lbs/sq in. with a cheap to decent polyester (gosen is an awesome brand) and a decent to quality synthetic gut (personally, if i am going to pay a good amount i would use wilson sensation, but you can find cheaper)  i would say the tension is the most important part, and experiment with different tensions until you find the right one.  58 for me means, a bit more power but still getting the feel and control i need.

for reference, i played d3 collegiate tennis and am a fairly aggressive doubles player and a grinder as a singles player.

also! don't pay $200 for that racket, i am sure you can find a good deal somewhere. $150 is a good price.
yeah, it might help to know how big a school op went to.  one would think if you had 5.0 players then the rest of the team would know it, or it would be very competitive just to get on the team.
i played d3 college tennis, super fun!  here are some good d3 schools also mixed in are some good d3 school with awesome academics.

* gustavus adolphus
* washington university st. louis
* uc santa cruz
* carleton college
* macalester college
* washington and lee
* emory
* williams
* brandeis

for reference, i played 1 singles and 1 doubles at one of the schools listed above, and would say that i am a 5.0 or very high 4.5 player.

edit: formatting junk
i am not sure where that website you posted get's their stuff, but it is pretty inaccurate based on what i know about d3 tennis, for example the runners up to the national d3 doubles title from this past spring aren't anywhere to be found.  it's good for a reference to teams, but wikipedia i better has a better list.

for better team and individual rankings go to www.itatennis.com
and he did win, though not against nishikori.
not everyone responds well to home support (li na, for example), but nishikori rose to the occasion.
for some reason, i find azarenka more piercing in that final than sharapova.  wonder if it has to do with the acoustics of the arena.
i would definitely demo a few racquets. for $20 i think tw will let you demo 4-5 racquets. try a little bit of everything. wilson steam/juice, babolat aero drive/pure storm/pure drive, prince tour/warrior. i think all those would be great racquets for you to try out. best of luck to you!
why?
because they're teenagers and were bored? it's just a bit of fun. 

what i took from it, though, is that sharapova can't wink for shit.
just stalling to try to ice janko on a break point.
stosur has dem moves
go to tenniswarehouse.com and get a few demos. i think for $20 you can get 4 racquets for a week. 
...i love that these girls are not only huge, huge dorks, but they managed to get other people into it. 

...and, maria can't pronounce things that are pronounced correctly in the song. damn.
i'd be happy to hear a couple more.
demo.
multiple anti-murray messages in multiple threads? come on man. murray wasn't on his game and raonic was. 
i'm sick of gangnam style
i love the random costumes. was kinda hard to see the people though, the camera is too far away from the people being filmed. i dislike the vertical video syndrome, it was really distracting. psa: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bt9zsfinwfa
was that verdasco? i don't remember his hair being that long.
what on earth were they recording this on? was so narrow you could barely see anything.
it really is mostly based on competition, and the location of where you play. i find players from warm areas, particularly california and florida tend to be underrated when they play in ma. i am rated a 4.0 in ma, but many 3.5s in florida are competitive with me. a florida 4.0 kicks my ass usually.

wins are usually most important in determining rating. some guys are awesome in practice, or when hitting around, but when a match comes about, they get too tense, and crumble. while their skill can be a 4.0, lack of wins keeps them at 3.5

i played tennis in highschool, and was 16-0 my junior year and 14-2 senior year playing at 1st/2nd singles junior year, and strictly 1st singles senior year.
hey guys so i built the site! check it out and tell me what you think. it's pretty rough and thrown together but it could have potential. i uploaded my serve to start things off. it's here: garagecampus.com/tennisserve 

i thought this could work for lots of different skills too! let me know what you think and thanks again for the help!! 
haha i remember you.  i'll try to have someone film something tomorrow.  

is there a way to log in without facebook/twitter/google? i could just make another google account i guess.
&gt;“on october 6, i plan to assassinate federer for the purpose of tennis extermination,” read the message, posted under the name ‘blue cat polytheistic religion founder 07′ on baidu.com.

&gt;the user also posted a doctored image showing a decapitated federer on his knees on a tennis court, with a masked executioner dressed in black and holding an axe posing next to him.


out of morbid curiousity, does anyone have know where there's a good  copy of the decapitated federer pic? all i could find was [this](http://beijingcream.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/phpp0vpvf.jpeg)
this sounds just like the courts at saint paul indoor tennis center, we have the same fan situation. we also have lights hanging about 9 feet above the court and 6 feet behind the baseline, which come in to play frequentley.

[tennis serving website](http://garagecampus.com/tennisserve)

[prica079's idea works with iphone pictures too](http://garagecampus.com/iphonephotography)

i really like the idea, even if it is only to see other people's serving motions.
you have to post a picture with a title like that.
the last paragraph made me chuckle. damn those fans tho. 
cool. not immediately i can look to get it up and running soon. 

cheers! 
thanks. it took me while to build so if you could give me some constructive feedback and help me spread the word that would be great!
i've seen the image, and to be honest it's about the same as the blurry picture. crudely made and almost laughable.
yeah well, captain jackass should have made his apology before october 6th.
although i can't say i've played on it, i'd have to say [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqvespiloyq) is the craziest tennis court i've seen
lol, i was waiting for someone to mention that one too!
yikes, that's a lot of obstacle to think about when you're playing!
i think its a cool idea and definitely has potential.  i'm with you, i've read the tennis warehouse forum too and different players always have contradictory advice.  a system to vote up or vote down advice after viewing a service motion sounds great.
i will see if i can record something wednesday because that's the soonest i'm likely to get to play. 
cool! 
yea i thought so. people didn't agree with it so much. don't know if they read my post properly. it's going to be hard to get it in peoples hands though! 
gameification. nice touch.  
haha couldn't resist myself. 
crazy !
being chinese myself, this is just disgraceful.
although it's easier than ever to get video of yourself, i think most people still find that bit of labor too tough.  i've seen people take videos of their strokes by placing a video camera on the ground.  no tripod or anything.  that extra bit of time and money to acquire a tripod, remember to bring it, set it, and film it, is tough.

but good luck with the site.
i think roger's response posted in the article pre-dates the apology made by the guy who made the threat. too bad roger and his family had to go through this, hope he can clear it away from his mind and get to play some good tennis.
got to watch this match in person at diamond court.  great experience.  too bad for tsonga though, he had such a promising first set, but he fell apart in the second.
i don't think he would have gone if he thought it would be a problem.  apparently, his family is not traveling with him though he did say they had originally not planned to go.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhzje4b7px8&amp;feature=related

slightly higher quality.

also gotta say, hitting balls off of there would be fun.
good point - there is a really high barrier to recording yourself. saying that a lot of people already do it. 

thanks! i guess i'll just throw it out there and see what happens. is there any other topics you think this could be useful? 
there are other online retailers too that have different demo programs. 

two other sites are:
[midwest sports](http://www.midwestsports.com/tennis-racquet-demo/c/500351/) $7 to demo one racquet

[tennis express](http://www.tennisexpress.com/category.cfm/tennis/tennis-demo-racquets) $15 to demo up to four racquets
i always use www.livescorehunter.com for livestreaming tennis.
welp, i don't have a link to the whole match but here's almost 30 min of highlights from that match in hd.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdcwbqa7s5e
it's not hd, but [here is a torrent](http://thebox.bz/details.php?id=45751) to download the 2008 men's final.
i hope not to late for this! but im a high school player, i recently switched rackets to the  areobabolat pro drive, it has inmproved every part of my game except for my volleys, i asked my coach for help but he didnt have much advise for me. so i may being doing something basic wrong, or something with my racket. any help would be loved. thanks
i wish more people realized just how annoying that really is start bringing those big around the head ear protectors everytime azarenka or sharapova steps in the court, that would be hilarious
forgot to comment the other day. if you haven't picked up another racquet yet, i'd suggest you look at the wilson blade 98. i picked a used one up recently (for $30!) after hitting with a demoed one from tw. it's the exact opposite of what i normally hit with, the volkl powerbridge 10 mid, but it's so well engineered it seems to be a kind of a "universal racquet." everyone seems to hit better with it. my volkl's like this. every player who's hit with one of mine hits the ball deeper and with more spin and power from the first stroke. a couple friends switched over. the blade 98 accomplishes the same effect, but differently. it has a relatively neutral balance, a tight 18x20 string pattern, and is stiffer than the volkl. also, i looked up similar racquets on tw, and i think your prince was mentioned. anyway, a great stick.
i don't think it would be very effective. you would have to constantly re-apply it.
here's the [wimbledon 2008 final in 720p torrent](http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/4316033/wimbledon_2008_men_s_final_-_roger_federer_vs_rafa_nadal_[720) that i downloaded a few weeks ago. took a while to download as it's a large file but the video quality is amazing. definitely worth it. coverage is from bbc hd.
i'm a solid 4.5, maybe 5.0 on a good day. i live in houston, tx. if you can find me a hitting couple too for my girlfriend and i? thank you:)
what if i dont have a smartphone? haha
holy shit thats big.
nice. thank you.
thanks!
thanks!
[tennis-warehouse](http://www.tennis-warehouse.com/catpage-books.html)
definitely fernando, his name is mentioned in the description of the video. 
long match yo
two points in this match blew my mind and i'll never forget, both backhands (oddly enough as these are both players' weak sides), and both occurring so close to each other in the most tense part of the match:

nadal's winner here: http://youtu.be/pdcwbqa7s5e?t=22m37s

and 

federer's unplayable return here: http://youtu.be/pdcwbqa7s5e?t=23m43s

i'll be sad when these two players are gone from the game.


[here you go buddy!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv4mo6a1qdq&amp;hd=1)
[sportlemon](http://www.frombar.tv/c-4.html)...lots of ads but also lots of streams and not just tennis
ya, but in fairness it is over 5.5 hrs of coverage all in hd
good point.  might as well shop around to find decent deals.
well, even if a few players put their videos up, it might be good to characterize their errors (inconsistent toss, etc), and then see what suggestions worked best for them, perhaps in a summary area.

and, you can prob ping some of those that have coaching background in /r/tennis to offer some advice if they're up for it.

you see, there's two aspects.  one is to fix your own issues.  two is to use what others have learned from fixing their issues to help fix your own issues.

you might also point to other instructional video that's out there on the serve.
absolutely. not complaining in the slightest. thanks!
get this torrent. i downloaded the same torrent a year or so ago, and it is fantastic in quality.
nice dropshot. that's awesome! i need to think about how best to do that. 
this subject has been talked about. the guy who threatened him already apologized, claiming it was due to the heat of debate. federer already knows he is a target and takes precautions. he reacted by saying that he doesn't feel threat from such an insignificant internet debate and wishes it wouldn't get so much attention.
see this post, for example:

http://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/1162vi/guy_apologizes_for_stupid_discussion_board/
i have no idea what the difference is.
it's just simply their pronunciation- listen to the real "ghangnam" style on youtube- you'll notice the gangnam has a different sound to it than the "gang nam" style they're saying.

thanks for this. i thought lu played really well, despite his loss. the highlights tend to be from federer fans who are predisposed to showcasing the awesome federer shots more than the opponents. lu gave federer a hard time on a few of the games, had some great moments serving, and many times worked fed side to side. still, fed kind of cruised on a lot of service games and generally defended very well.

**tldr:** lu has skill.
this past spring, we went up north as a team to play at some other college in our conference. it was early spring so it was very cold and breezy. the courts had just been resurfaced and they played super slow, combined with the conditions and swirling winds it was probably the craziest two matches i've ever played.
lu played better in this tournament than i've seen him play in a long time. even though he only played qualies and a chinese wild card before facing fed, he was holding serve like a champ and blowing his opponents away. too bad he had to face numero uno in the second round though.
he did. and then almost inexplicably choked to double fault the break away. twice. so in the end, fed only had to stay solid. 
presumably yes, if his target to return is for next year. 

wtf field is gonna be: fed, novak, andy, ferrer, berdych, delpo, jo-willie, and tipsarevic. 
article failed to mention that djokovic has about 1500 more points than federer from this season alone, so if he performs as well as federer for the rest of the year (or slightly worse), he will be number 1
absolutely.  op needs to look at the ytd (year-to-date) rankings which are points accumulated since january 1.  roger is ahead, but is defending 3000 points starting in basel.  in the ytd rankings, djokovic leads by about 1500 points.  one reason federer is playing shanghai is to build some of the points he might lose later in the year which means he appears serious about mounting a challenge to end the year as number 1.

having said that, djokovic is in much better shape this year in terms of health and thus in quality of play.  djokovic hasn't had any trouble so far, and will pick up points regardless since he didn't play shanghai.  to be fair, so will federer.  for federer to end the year at number 1, he needs to close the gap that currently exists in the ytd point race.
yep, it's going to be exciting! it might all come down to the world tour finals
although technically, he was also the first player to spend 299 weeks at number 1.  but it's a nice round number, and we like nice round numbers.
[federer vs. wawrinka - highlights [12:07].
](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klq48clm-9m
)	


[second set tie break and the 3rd set [30:02].
](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tr84u3qqgg)	


wawrinka just evaporated in the third set. too bad for him - the commentators even said outright that it was an embarassing display for a professional athlete. i'm sure it's not easy against roger, but i'd have liked to have seen some fight outta him. 

at any rate, kudos to the greatest player of all time for hitting yet another record. here's to many more. 
you are correct. graff has 377, and navratilova has 332.
i love round numbers. ive been waiting for this round number in particular. 

ive wanted fed to be the only member of two clubs. the 300 weeks club and the 20 grand slams club (male singles clubs as abuttfarting reminded me- steffi graf is a part of both these clubs in womens tennis).

i think the second club will be quite hard to get into. the bouncers are big and quite younger than fed, and, unfortunately, the night is almost over.


edit: spelling.
if you like torrents, this one has 9 seeders and no leechers. can't guarantee that it will be fast, but a few months ago this was a well seeded torrent.

http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7507177/london.2012.olympics.tennis.mens.final.roger.federer.vs.andy.mur

if you would rather stream it online, here is the full video from the olympics youtube channel!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypuhgnmw4pc
i would suggest he look at the requirements and curriculum for the uspta.  i am sure they have some good tips and information on resources to learn from.  just push him on over to www.uspta.com
probably a safe bet.
definitely not everyone's type of humor... but i get it damn it!
that's over 7 years as number 1... insane.
no shit sherlock. and next week he'll be the first to reach 301
you just found the best way:  experience.

you played well enough to get to the final so you're physical game appears to be in place, but you let the mental aspect slip when a few things went wrong.  that's where experience, to remember what happened in a previous situation if you fall into a similar situation in the future, comes in.

the other thing to work on is having a short term memory so when you make a mistake, you forget and move on instead of unnecessarily focusing on an error that you can't change.  be positive, emphasize the right things that you're doing and play to those strengths.
some are better than others at dealing with such situation. most people improve with time. think about the specific things you wouldn't want to carry over from this match and the things you would want to repeat in your future matches. also, remember that if the wind is distracting you, it is distracting the other player as well. try to act as if it doesn't bother you much and that will probably start affecting the other player. works in most situations.
nice!  sometimes those types of matches get so ridiculous that you just have to laugh it off and do what you can to get through.  hopefully you guys came out on top!
i have never met a player that doesn't get mad when they make a mistake. whether it be a forced, or un-forced error, any normal person will get upset at a point loss. what i realize works for me is realize the difference between mistakes.


 when you win the point, reinforce in your mind "that is how i am going to win", when it is a forced error you have to realize that there was nothing you could do to fix it, if it was an un-forced error, play out in your mind what you could have done to correct it. occupy your mind at all times with something. i tend to play out scenarios in my head. "if he goes to place x, i could hit a (some kind of shot), to point c, and that should win the point, or set me up for the win."
i know you.

hi.

tennis?

i.... i don't even.
i suppose this is how i went through the first few matches. in my first round i lost the first set 1-6 and brought back to win second set and third tie break ( fucking usta and their third set tie breaks -.- ) i just totally lost it in the final 
i love watching extended backhand rallies when wawrinka plays fed. two of the most glorious and elegeant single handed backhands in the game.
worth it.
awesome, but...why is it in italian?
play more. to maximize the benefits of this experience, try to anticipate shots, read your opponents body language, and surprise yourself with the occasional backhand drop shot, which is particularly successful if you normally slice your backhand shots often.
that was, um, super awkward and cringe-inducing to watch.
haha this is awesome :)
gold!
so, no, tennis pros can't really train for the best players unless they are friends with the best players.  i think most pros at a certain level (that can afford it) will have a hitting partner that, while unable to compete, say, in the top 100, does a good enough job to practice against.

andy murray, for example, used to employ two hitting partners.  one guy at net, one guy at the baseline (there are some old videos around).

the top pros can, however, work on peculiar drills for specialty situations.  for example, most every pro can chase down drop shots and hit a drop shot off this shot.  you don't need anyone special to hit these shots since they are finesse shots to start with.

to handle big serves, people have done all sorts of things.  for example, some coaches will serve from the service line.  this helps rob time from the receiver and simulates a big serve.  one time, the davis cup team had the bryan brothers (who are hardly short) stand on a platform and serve a foot taller to imitate the angle of a ivo karlovic.

and while you can't simulate the opponents, players clearly work on things to get better.  federer would bring a player the caliber of jesse levine (a lefty) just to get used to playing rafa.  jesse isn't rafa by any stretch, but you do what you can.

the spaniards (say, casals and sanchez who ran a junior academy) simply hand-fed juniors tennis balls.  the coach would stand on their side of the court and just toss the ball.  the idea was the junior would have to generate all their own pace (and it was more a footwork drill).  did this simulate the kind of hitting they expected from other top juniors?  not at all.  but it still made them better players.

sometimes players are lucky.  in the heyday of australian players in the 1950s and 1960s, they practiced against each other.  the swedes did this in the 1980s, and to a lesser extent, the spaniards of today.  so sometimes you get to practice against players of similar caliber, though it happens somewhat occasionally (thus, murray has trained with wawrinka in the past).
man i can't believe i've been lucky enough to see him play in person. he really is amazing.
so basically to sum up everyone else, experience, experience, experience with a little bit of experience mixed in there.  they are absolutely right!  the more you get in tough coming down the wire situations especially in high stakes matches the better you will get at being in them.

i personally used to be the biggest hothead on the planet.  with maturity and a realization that if i just didn't care about making physical mistakes or having someone hit a winner i could grind my opponent into submission.  i also realized that i loved, absolutely loved being in pressure situations.  the key to those situations is you cannot treat them differently than any other point and you have to want to be in those situations.  answer this question honestly for yourself in terms of playing for your school team, if the last match on court is the deciding match, do you want/need to be the person on court for your team?  play every point like it is the first point of the match.

finally, my last piece of advice is conditioning, both physical and mental. try playing tennis after running a mile or focusing really hard on something else before you play.  a wise coach once said that if you hit more balls in than your opponent you generally have a pretty good shot at winning.  and you can do this by being physically and mentally fit so that your shots are the same whether it is the first point of the match or match point in the 10 pt tiebreak/3rd set.
i've heard this is a good book

[vic braden's mental tennis](http://www.amazon.com/vic-bradens-mental-tennis-yourself/dp/b0046luhxo)
i came across this on the front page and didn't realize it was a tennis post... took me a good 15 seconds to identify what was changed.
say it out loud, it just flows so perfectly.
i'm italian, i know.
for the women it's easy they just play against men.  for the men i think dropshot has it covered. 

also it should be noted that there are a good deal of 5.0 players with 120mph serves or booming ground strokes, they just lack the full package to play on the pro tour. 
nope nope nope - as a 5.0-5.5 player that as trained with guys playing in satellites and challengers this is sooooo far off base. first of all, if you are ranked in singles in college you cannot rate lower than a 6.0 coming out of college. it takes a couple years of appeals to even get to 5.5. with that being said the skill gap is still incredible. the difference between a 5.0 and a high level college player is leaps and bounds. likewise, college players get rolled on the tour. the can't handle the execution. look at players like somdev that hovered at #1 in college (beating isner in the ncaa finals) - he got on the tour and hasn't been able to do much because he doesn't have any real weapons. isner is an exception as he was able to 'get by' on the tour with his forehand and serve enough that he's been able to develop other parts of his game while staying afloat in the rankings

as for the 120 mph serves - it isn't about the speed (which 120 is average at best - players like fish tsonga murray are often at 130 or above) - it is about how well you place it and how you do under pressure that is a real differentiator. this obviously extends to every point and every situation, which of course compounds continuously over a match.  
djokovic didn't play shaghai last year either.  so if he finishes equal/ahead of federer in the tourney, fed's shanghai run will be moot.
i'm a little envious, i'm practically everything european except italian.
how is he trying to teach - on his own on public courts? one easy way is to ask a current teaching pro to work 'for them' for free to learn about techniques and tricks and such. for example, help out feeding balls at beginner clinics when the pro is also stopping to show correct racket position and where to hold the racket. 

next, most of *good* teaching isn't about just showing the fundamentals/technique - it is about knowing how to *correct* someone when they aren't doing something correctly. it's one thing to show someone how they 'should' hit a ball - he'll be in for a surprise how difficult a time people have in changing or learning a stroke even if they are shown the right way over and over.  a lot of that comes from learning cues like when you follow through pretend you have a watch on your and and you want to bring the watch to your ear - or make the racket touch your back on every follow through.

next is about good drills to help someone trying to learn. progressions like hitting, to hitting while walking, to hitting while moving to hitting on the run and knowing when to progress someone up (or back) are key.

lastly, he must know proper technique when it comes to hand placement for each shot. teaching someone to get balls in is easy regardless of how they hold the ball but it is really poor form and you will be doing them a disservice to teach them without knowing those things. this is especially the case for the backhand, volleys and serves. 
i can expand a little - i know fed used to train by actually having 2-3 training partners such that he would play for shorter periods against each such that they would go absolutely full blast for 30 minutes or so then switch and take a break and rest. also you can do a lot of situational play with a 'lower' level player where fed says, ok i need to work on my down the line backhand so they would play points with the express goal of setting up the point such that federer would go for the dtl backhand as often as he could. when you take away the whole 'you have to win each point' you can do a lot with someone 'not as good' both at the pro level and below.  another example: 2 on 1's - federer gets a player with a fantastic backhand and another with a fantastic forehand, they play their stronger side each. it means that they each only have to cover 1/2 the court while federer has to cover the whole court = great shot tolerance and he can simulate playing against some that gets 'everything back'. liikewise, as those players won't have to be on the run or covering so much court they can step into a lot more balls and really pound them giving him harder balls to deal with continually.
the reason i ask is because i've taught for a long time and can help him with drills, some tricks for common problems, grips and such, but i can't be sure he really knows what things give him or someone else good or bad form.  he obviously would have a decent understanding of it, but the actual details and how to go about changing them would certainly be challenging for him.  i would think some "bible" of tennis technique would be handy for hims since he is a bit like a sponge.

it is simply a question in his mind at this point about teaching. he thinks he might enjoy it and that he has the personality for it, which he does.  i'm going to start "giving him lessons" as much as i can as his friend as well as have him on court during some other lessons with similarly skilled players.

thanks for your response.
i hit the next button on my front page and my pointer was on this post when page two generated. thanks to res, the image filled my screen. it was the most glorious happenstance in my recent memory!  thank you!!
last year in atlanta, i watched james blake practice for his match vs isner.  his hitting partner was standing at the service line, hitting serves to blake.  being so much closer, it reduced the time blake had to react, just like he would in the match.
already another one.
interested to see how both come out in the early going. murray has had first set problems in the last 2 tournaments. 
long shorts for the boys, skimpy shorts with tan lines showing for the ball-girls.

oh, yeah...and murray has broken federer 1st game...
both players haven't been at their best, but federer has improved somewhat during the tournament and murray has a cold or something. i think federer takes this in 2

is it just me or is federer a lot more frustrated with himself than normal? he's gesturing to himself when he makes ues. reminds me of murray actually. 

oh my goodness, three double faults in a row?

federer's serve is really not working today. his groundstrokes are okay but he's not getting enough first serves in. murray is not playing very well either :(

fed trying to push for a rain delay now. no idea what's going on

honest to god this is the weirdest match i've ever seen between two top players. that ridiculous point at deuce after federer of all people tried to force a rain delay to gain momentum. 
federer's hitting great now!

edit: as i write this, he hits three consecutive double faults.
live hd stream on espn3 for those who can get it.
holey double faults, batman!
3 double faults in a row from federer? did i just see that or was it 2? 
3 double faults in a row, never seen that before from fed.
"the demons in the back of his head." lol great line from the commentators 
clutch back to back aces from andy. been a while since i've seen him serve that well. 
**motivation in the top 4.**

rafa - finds drive in hate. he hates his opponent, the crowd, the ball, rosol. in anger there is energy.

murray - hates himself. he castigates himself for five hours on court, then wonders why 15 minutes holding a cup in front of the cameras doesn't overturn that, filling him with the motivation to do it again.

nole - deliberately seeks joy. in the matches he plays, even if loosing, he looks for the most positive of the 4's motivations, taking delight in creating a spectacle.

roger - is an enigma. he gives nothing away as to what's in his mind, so in the absence of any explanation we default to calling him *a natural*.
interesting commentary, thanks.
i know what's in his mind right now: "why the flying fuck is my serve so bad today?"
kinda surprised federer is doing this considering how little rain is on the court. 
not happy with this - seems like an excuse
i agree. this isn't sportsmanslike. he wouldn't do this if he was one set to love with a working serve. i'm a fan of federer but i don't like this move. 

murray didn't complain about it. difficult to judge if it's because he agrees with fed or because he thinks he's gonna win it anyway, 
certainly seems un-federer like.
getting into an argument seems to fire him up.
don't know i have seen him do things like this before when its not going his way - usually against rafa though
eh, fed isn't above a little gamesmanship. then again none of the players among the top are either.
i've thought for a long time that he's not as saintly as everyone seems to think. 
bone head move by andy to challenge that. he would have been in great position to serve for the match. 
rogers is a notoriously bad challenger of faults.
roach?
oh rain.
i don't know what that was.. fascinating creature. 
andy is a pretty notorious bad challenger all around. 
not a great performance from murray but a wins a wins. going to have to play better to beat djokovic tomorrow. 
usually rog will just throw the challenge up (even if the ball is not even close to the line) just to give himself some extra time, to gather himself. 
i quite agree. murray's returns were fire, but i think what really decided the game today was federer's (very) bad serving. there were times in the match where he didn't get a first serve in for an entire service game. not to mention the double faults which handed murray a couple breaks on a silver platter. 

regardless, murray was on point and dialed in to the max. with this kind of mental attitude, he might beat djokovic tomorrow. 
is this the stick borg used to play with? if i remember correctly, he strung these at 80+ lbs. he said that sometimes, he could hear them cracking at night in his hotel room. 
well, i didn't dare attempt to go above 52lbs. the creaking sound at that was scary. going any higher and i'm sure the string would have snapped, the grommets have no plastic, so the string was already grating on the wood when the tension was being pulled.
oh and to answer you question, yes. it is one of the old borg rackets.
well... did you notice it says his name at the top?
it happened last year against someone (i forgot who). 3 double faults giving the opponent a 0-40 advantage. yikes.

edit: quick google and [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=3cfkwpvtibi#t=154s) it is.
eh.
roger is one of the best at challenging.
if you watch some of his old matches, you can hear them snapping inside of his bag occasionally.
what machine did you use?
he's going to have to be a lot better tomorrow to beat djokovic.

it was great to see murray being aggressive on his returns and his service game. he's going to need to do that x2 tomorrow to beat djokovic. he's also going to need be a lot better with his forehand. too many unforced errors with it today. 
how do you think this applies to nadal's long break and his eventual return?
i did not. 
it's a yonex, not too sure on the specifics. it's at work, i'll check the model tomorrow and let you know.
would not recommend that racquet for a 4.0. but if your asking for string i would recommend the solinco tour bite. not a lot of power but it grips the ball very very well. 
he usually slept in a different room, i think.  lennart slept in the room with the racquets for this very reason :-)
i have nothing to base this but i bet it is possible to find a person than can hit a serve comparable to j. isner but lacks other aspects of the game to make it on tour. 

in reference to boxing... floyd mayweather is undefeated. i believe that is impart because it is difficult if not impossible to find someone with a similar style. if your not farmilar with mayweather he has 45+/- wins and no defeats. he is difficult to hit and i think he has only been cut once. 

i never thought of comparing tennis to boxing but there are a lot of similarities in the preparation for certain opponents. so thanks for that. 

should have used power pads.  still sweet though, obviously.
great point but the guy freaking out in arabic after made me crack up
i enjoyed his commentating even more than the tennis.
sort of was annoying that the people in the stadium kept cheering and clapping before the point was over.  it's one thing to let out a "ooohhh"  on a nice get or something but clapping and cheering is for when the point is over.
i disagree.  this is one of the things i love about tennis.  while silence is generally well respected, exceptional circumstances can stir the crowd up.
here he is for more enjoyment.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ntsaoyglqy
power pads?
nice, just want to mention the translation is a joke :d
anyone got the link to the full highlights in hd? edit: [got it](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bp0wiesxyg).
it might also be that the asian circuit is relatively new, so the audience culture is not well developed.
chinese fans have been bad since the tour moved over there. they just don't get it, yet.
should have mentioned that. but yes, the translation is a joke. 

the best part is the commentator :d
this is glorious.
you are welcome! recently i have been watching all my tennis from this commentator. really great guy, very enthusiastic. makes the espn commentators look like bollocks.
do you speak arabic? this guy does seem really awesome.
yonex es5pro
no, he really isn't.
you're right. 33% at the australian open.
in the li na/sharapova match the chinese crowd were cheering sharapova's dfs, and even on occasion her first serve errors, *before* as she was getting ready for the second serve... it was so awkward. 
i do not speak arabic. i just appreciate his enthusiasm and how he appreciates the game. american and english broadcasters do not cut the commentating anymore 
anyone else up on this side of the planet?
it's 3:36 am, here. i'm tired as shit, but i'm up!
watching live in the uk 9:30am here ! so nervous. come on murray !!! 
i want to see a replay of the forehand return by murray. holy hell.
what's the best stream in terms of quality and non-lagginess?
my reaction: "oh fuck."
is is just me... or does murray seem like a better reterner than djokovic?  why do all the announcers seem to go all fanboy on djokovic's return but not murray's?
murray had a couple returns like that yesterday against federer, his return is starting to get scary good.
come on murray! breaks him, this is a good game so far. some excellent returns.
damn, murray is really starting to play well
that last point was incredible by murray. this going to be a long match ! 
who else is hating some of these non-aerial views of the court when a point is being placed.
thank god murray didn't hit that tweener. fricken chinese cable put up an on screen ad mid game..anyone else in china watching this with some 5rmb fried rice?
i think part of it is that murray isn't consistently aggressive with his return. 
terrible game from murray. 
the chinese clapping on faults is hilarious. 
both these players have such good returns that who serves is becoming irrelevant.
break after break... awesome match
so many breaks. this is awesome.
murray breaks again. come on andy! 
djokovic is finding his serve. andy better find his quickly. 
more breaks than a skateboarding grandma with osteoporosis. more breaks than an amon tobin album from the 90's. more breaks than an employee who smokes. more breaks th....i'll show myself out.
if i'm correct, murray faulted every first serve in that game. and still won the game. 
sexy backhand from murray, 5-5 ad murray, here comes the break (i hope)
awww yeaaah
oh my. djokovic flew off the handle there. 
what a break for murray....in every definition of the word. btw, stay classy, novak. 
djokovic raging there. that deserves a clip.
murray finds his serve now or never. match is on the line here. 
murray breaks and novak smashes his racquet. i'm going to be honest, this is already a way more interesting match than the us open final.
i wonder how much a busted racquet like that would sell for?
i love a good smashing.
how much is due to the context of the us open? novak wants to win this eve more now
andy murray! 
me too :( 
at least a four or five thousand at auction i would suggest. 
wow... even at sub-100 atp level players, those serves should be impossible to return.
murray was just pushing so much more at the us open. nole does seem really fired up right now and andy is matching his aggressiveness.  i do think the us open win is messing with djoko's emotions a bit here.
i would have lost it too, nole. he thought he had the point bagged, and had his play planned, and it goes out that way. [murray has lost it before too](http://cdn3.sbnation.com/imported_assets/1150289/ftennis.gif), btw.
love this gif. owhh andy 
wish i can find his blue shirt though...
just got one on ebay a few weeks ago. 
oh they've all lost it before. murray bent his racquet whacking it on his shoe last week in japan against raonic. but that was a pete townshend moment. 
murray's serve has become amazing. absolute belter 
murray vs. djokovic is probably my favourite match to watch now. they're both so, so good, and because they're both quite similar players, the chance of awesome rallies and generally amazing points is consistently high. i love this.
what a lob from andy. i love that shit. 
another break for murray!
they are the ken and ryu of men's tennis.

edit: and judging by the colours they wear, nole is ken and andy is ryu.
how are the world rankings affected by a murray win today? or a djokovic win?
i spat out my tea when he served that whopper . come on you scottish beauty 
british*.

been official since ny

almost was confirmed in london.
where's kim,his mum and lendl? 
i'm scottish and he's ours 
lendl is on tour with mcenroe, sampras, and the rest of the guys. 
he's been [severely british](http://andymurrayometer.com/) since the gold.
what a point!
he may be loosing but he's still out to have fun.

edit: and doesn't it count? better motivation than banging your racket on the ground.
they aren't is the short answer. because federer didn't go out early he retains number 1 but he now has paris and london to defend so expect djokovic to get there in the end.
poor andy, they don't like him in shanghai :( 

djokovic's momentum shift is amazing. his groundstrokes suddenly became much more solid now. he's still bad at the net though
**murray had championship point wtf**
heart attack material 
murray suddenly playing like shit since djokovic hit that between-the-legs shot. also why does this crowd  want djokovic to win so much? are they tired of seeing murray win here?
i've heard a lot of people calling out murray's name, so i don't know that they want djoko to win. probably just really enjoy the momentum shifts.
tense
andy what the hell?!?!?!?
don't complain murray, you did the same body hammer to him in ny.
now that's a way of getting out of camera shot - just stand up. so many uncomfortable victims just sit there and take the attention.
omg this match is amazing
code violation?
djokovic. i need to sleep. djokovic. stahp.
you've gotta be kidding me. 
got a link for that?
i got a game in 90 mins.... the only time i need to stay overtime at work to watch a game is the day i decide to keep my tennis bag at home. thanks, nole.
i figure the chinese would root for djoko and not murray (sort of a london vs beijing thing)
nole speaks to god...andy crucifies his racket.
nole will never staaahp 
there's a joke to be made somewhere about 'net neutrality'
huge hold by murray. how about those first two points from murray? sweet moses of israel! 
murray stole a point he shouldn't have had - ball hitting the net beyond the sticks.
[antimutt's original comment here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/11etqb/match_thread_federer_vs_murray_semifinal_shanghai/c6lu2vs)
mostly just a categorization of their playing style and on-court demeanor. obviously they don't always hold.
the score is one apiece...in smashed rackets, i mean. 
djokovic breaks. andy looked terrible in that game. 
djokovic is the king of comebacks.
andy was very flat footed in the game. appeared to have problems pushing off on the serve. guessing cramping has gotten to him. 
have to believe that has decided the game. murray was being pushed close to break points on every serve, djokovic wasn't. don't see him pulling off a comeback.
god damn
great match. disappointing as a murray fan but that match is why we love the game. cheers folks. 
post match analysis - were the ball-girls' shorts high enough for you?
very tense match. this is setting up to be the major rivalry in 2013 i think. murray looked injured in the last 3 games.. congrats to novak for another amazing comeback!
i enjoyed it. 
so true. that tweener rally in the second set turned everything around for him, mentally.

edit: tweener not tweeter.
he's been battling the flu throughout the tournament. my assumption would be he was cramping up due to the dehydration. but yes, he had nothing on his serve because he was unable to elevate in the last set. 
great match
thanks for the thread and updates, snakes. god damn, it was both long and glorious ( that's what she said). 

...,and now i sleep. i'm a bit delirious.
the commentator sounds like jabba the hutt 
i missed it. any chance of anyone uploading it?
that was a cracker of a match. was rooting for murray, but also happy that djoko won!
it was like watching women's tennis!
cheeky bugger.
lololol
little pieces of leather that you string around (between the string and the frame) in the throat area of a racquet.  i think for wood, it helps put less stress on the racquet.  some still use it today, mostly if using natural gut, and it adds a little bit of dampening i believe.  i work at a tennis shop and we use them in all racquets we string as a form of "signature" that we strung it.

i believe federer uses them still.

some information: http://www.ioffer.com/i/real-power-pad-for-tennis-racket-156098331
you're 14
that's something out the mansur bahrami playbook. 
and now we know why china will never host a gs.
the us open crowd did the same thing to kerber at the kerber - v. williams match...
"can you dance gangnam style with our ball boys and girls?" ... "not really, we can do it after the..."..... "aaaaaaaaand 3, 2, 1... go!"
how stupid would it have looked if he netted that
well the thing is, the biggest difference between the top players and their hitting partners isn't necessarily their skill level (which is usually bigger if they can't afford to pay for a good partner..), but their match play skill. just think about how well you can play when just rallying, but how different your play is when you are in a match?

in any case, i'm pretty sure the top players know what their own weaknesses are, and have their hitting partners do specific things to shore up those weaknesses (like how a coach teaches his students to return serves by serving from the service line..?) even if their partners can't actually hit those shots in a legitimate way.
i suggest some kind of physics book. when i taught tennis, one of the best ways for me to get students to understand the basics of tennis was to get them to think about tennis in a smarter, more physically intuitive way.
i think it's pretty dumb that people would opt for bigger racquets actually. first of all, if he's not a great player, then he probably doesn't play with great players which would mean that the speed of the ball isn't such that he can't hit it with a 90 sq. inch racquet. second of all, 90 -&gt; 95 sq. inches is an increase of about 5.6%.. which really isn't that much more useful. in addition, you have to remember that the difference between older smaller racquets and newer bigger racquets is the forgiveness of not hitting in the sweet spot. i don't think that a 5.6% difference will help with that, if he's either playing with low leveled players, or if he doesn't have trouble framing it already. 

in any case, he's a one-handed backhand player, so he needs the maneuverability of a (presumably head light) smaller racquet over a (presumably less head light) bigger racquet anyway.
also, if your net opponent sucks, you could attempt a drop to the other side. it always screws them up if they have bad teamwork, esp. if the net guy sucks. 

a more general and psychological strategy would be to pick one of them to go at (pick the one that probably would be frustrated most easily if they thought they were the weak one, or something like that), and they'll eventually crumble. 
i'm not sure who they are marketing this to.. i mean, people who are tennis enthusiasts might get more of a kick from figuring out their own strategies by watching tennis or playing tennis. people who are likely to invest in extreme coaching will probably get a coach. .. right?
i'm actually more of a nalbandian fan to give some background.. but the reason i don't like nadal is because he represents some of the changes to tennis that i really don't want to see. for example, on-court coaching (i like tennis because it's such an.. individualistic sport) is something he likes to do. or what about psychological tactics like using medical time outs (sure, it's done in a lot of other sports, but it wasn't really common in tennis until this big tennis star made it acceptable) to freeze out the opponent? or just how plain old boring he makes tennis because he takes as much time between points as he does during points? i mean, i actually like watching his play against players, but not his matches because those take fucking forever.
federer didn't have a coach for the longest time. i think he just needs input from someone else who might point out things in ways he doesn't see..
wrist flicks aren't usually a good thing.. 

for the one hander, the moment i went from having no real backhand to having a consistent, solid weapon was when i started focusing on timing. i used to just let it rip on the backhand side, nailing it once in a while, but usually fucking it up by hitting to where i didn't expect, framing it, or just going completely out. when i started practicing with my lefty friend, his forehands were too good for me to even think about spanking the backhand, so i had to start focusing just on timing and getting it back consistently.. it turns out that if your timing is good, the pace of your balls will be pretty fucking awesome as well.
well, i'm a fucking cheap asian, so i just go until they snap. i think you should be able to tell by the way the balls come off, but if you can't, i don't think it's necessary for you to restring them anyway.
i don't know if murray has the "most" talent.. 

also, come on, what about nalbandian?! he is the one athlete i can point to and say, that's why being fat is fine!
[what djoker had to say afterwards. such a good dude.](http://imgur.com/yzsop)
wow, novak really knows how to smash a racquet
just curious.. do you have an example of getting to think smarter, more intuitive, and with physics?
if you're gonna smash it might as well go all out.
what? i'm sixteen but why does that matter? it's my opinion, clearly stated in the title, so maybe before you try to undermine someone next time, think twice
come on now that's not fair - he has a girlfriend now too. 
well he wouldn't buy a racquet for playing with 'low level' players because hopefully that is not what he plans to do with tennis. the idea of competition is not to play at the same level forever. you are always trying to move up up up! 

also, if you look at the top ten players in the world two of them play with 98sq in and five of them play with 100 sq in....those guys are pretty great players if you ask me.
...and he won the match.
you don't know how wrong you are

seen it. nothing new. search youtube
dat defense
so are your interests

like biking and such.
[i would disagree with you](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h9wopra0bg). 

[marcos baghdatis knows how to smash a racquet.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7ks68t6pta)
not innovative, and not an overhead.  this video did lead me to a great match though, fed-hanescu ao 2010

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8bzsjoy18i
what?
will, i knew it was you the whole time, you made me friend you....
leon thinks alot of things are funny, tell him pudding while hes at a solid [4] and its the funniest shit hes ever heard in his life. 
djokovic is a fuckin pimp
is there a fine for doing something like that?
seems unnecessary.
that ros...
and a bit unsporting, to be honest. but i guess all is fair on the pro tour.
i guess it depends on whether nadal wants to scale back his training or not.  one might argue that his intense style of training has lead to success, but at the price of hurting his body.  federer, at the very least, practices casually at tournament sites apparently reserving his hard work behind the scenes.  since we never get to see what happens when players train, it's tough to gauge how rafa should proceed (and every athlete's body is different).
it's being marketed to tennis enthusiasts.  many golf enthusiasts realize it's incredibly difficult to learn technical skills in golf without observation.  there are tennis enthusiasts who try to learn skills just by watching, but realistically, that is likely doomed to failure unless you are very aware of how people are using their body.

strategy is similarly a challenge.  for example, i asked several people in /r/tennis what strategy they used.  most use none, or very simple strategy (hit hard or come to net).  

these enthusiasts are likely to buy other products already, such as tennis training aids, etc.  many tennis players refuse to spend money (and it's their right to do this), but for those that already have an inclination to do so, there is it.  i don't think fyb is looking to sell hundreds of thousands of products.  even a few hundred is good enough to call it a success.
a lot of people i met often think that you hit parallel or at a downward angle to the floor... especially on the serve. this doesn't work out for various reasons, but the most important one is that there is always that little nagging acceleration down which means the probability of getting across the net and into the court on the other side is extremely low. or how about that any ball that moves forward after the bounce has a topspin, something that can be realized from considering a change in inertial frames? 
ah yes, that's true.. i forgot there are still people who bought those silly wrist iron things to keep their wrists from moving or whatever, so if they buy something that useless, they're bound to buy something that's legitimately useful in a way.
haha nice. my comparison is of the top three players' playing style with action heroes. nadal is like rambo, ruthless, wild and not afraid to get pants dirty with clay in the pursuit of exterminating everyone around him. djokovic is the terminator, pushing the boundaries of what is humanly possible, almost bionic with how much he can stretch and endure. federer is james bond, suave and smooth but still gets the job done. haven't thought of one for murray though. 
i think there's always a handful of tennis enthusiasts that are willing to spend money.  i'm not sure it's even negative.  people hire trainers to keep them in shape.  if it works for them, why begrudge them that (you might say it's silly for them to hire someone to do something they could do themselves, but trainers make a healthy business for those who want to buy).

and people also pay for tennis lessons too.  there are tennis pros who would be out of a job were it not for that.
you misread my comment for something that wasn't there.. at first, i was just merely wondering if fuzzy will actually recoup his capital because i actually watch some of his videos (but i would not be one to buy it). my second comment is saying that since there are even people who buy the useless things, of course i was wrong to think that there aren't people who will buy the useful things. 

my reason for wondering, though, is that these are a little more in-depth than "tennis lessons" and a lot less personal than a coach or trainer. 
i hate to say it, but your letter comes off as being kind of pretentious and off putting.  and of course this response will most likely sound pretentious and off putting as well so take it or leave it.

at your level, you are better off going to clinics or taking lessons.  i am surprised you were actually able to get 3 full teams together for a 3.0 men's league.  the usta for leagues has to abide by national standards because there are regional and national championships for every level.  so adjusting the way league matches work isn't really an option.  and unfortunately the usta can't really control the people in the leagues which sucks, and i too wish they had a bit more control.

suggestions: keep playing with your friends and try to get better.  find a team a level up to 3.5 or 4.0, no rules against playing at a higher level than your rating.  play tournaments, i know that takes time and money and the chance of only getting one match, but there are certain tournaments that you can look up that have different formats that allow more matches. 

my experience with the usta has generally been a good one, south-west and northern sections.  and sorry if this is not what you wanted to hear, but if you keep trying to play and get better you can move up in the ratings and there are definitely more opportunities at the 3.5-4.5 levels.
i really don't understand all the hate on murray. 

sure, he's been a bit of a bad tempered child over the years, but i think he's made giant steps, and has become a great player, technically and mentally. i am convinced he will end 2013 as n.2 at least, maybe even n.1.. downvote away.
your letter makes you sound ignorant.  the organizer can not exclude people when they pay money.  it just doesnt work that way.

that being said, usta organization is terrible.  i had to appeal my self rating because i handnt played in 8 years and it took me 6 months to get it sorted out.  i finally had to get really mean with them and start demanding refunds for my membership; it went as far as me having the charge on my credit card reversed.  as a result i missed the entire season this last year which is why i signed up in the first place.  on top of that, their website is horribly designed and impossible to navigate.  its just an extremely poorly run organization.  there is one team in my division manipulates their rankings down from 4.5-5.0 to all 4.0s so they can win all the time.  my list of complaints goes on and on.  usta is the second worst organization i have to deal with next to at&amp;t. its a big shit show, but you are going to have to put up with it if you want to play tennis through the usta.
i'm not hating on murray. i'm saying that his style of play and on-court attitude is the most self-deprecating of the four and thus falls into the "melancholic" temperament. nothing about this post references their perceived skill levels or tennis achievements.
tl;dr??
honestly, here's my advice. work on your game enough to be competitive at a 3.5 level. you will find less incompetent/lazy/flaky people once you move above the beginner level (2.5 and 3.0).

at the beginner level, you have a lot of people who aren't really sure if tennis is for them, they're giving it a shot, but it might not be a high priority for them. at 3.5, you have people who have been playing long enough to make it a priority, so they're going to honor their commitments to the league. at least that's been my experience. i'm in the southern usta region by the way.
i always keep a cracked racquet in my bag just in case i have a bad day on the court. 
according to the usta player code “section 18: player shall not engage in unsportsmanlike conduct. during the course of a match a player shall not engage in: racket abuse. throw or break a racket other than in the normal course of play.”
you get a warning for 1st time. 2nd time can cost you points. more may cost you the game and fine.
out of this world
i mean, there are two options here, both plausible:

a) she really didn't do it

b) the polygraph is false, because those things are really not foolproof. you can just be calm/unruffled, and the polygraph won't find that you're freaking out sufficiently to incur a physical response that gives a lying result.
polygraph tests are about 51% accurate.  do you know what the most inaccurate something can be?  50%.  she would have passed the flipped coin test just as easily.
lovely point.

1. first, looks like an easy serve/volley win for roger. but murray defends very well and gets back in the game.

2. four shots after, murray makes that very long backhand. roger barely reaches it. murray at the volley makes a not so good decision and roger manages to lob. both back in the game.

3. after two shots, roger hits a great forehand along the line. murray manages to shoot it back, though it's hopeless.

4. but it's not over! roger's volley is quite risky. looks like his ball will be out. but it ends up on the line.

i love points like that where both players could have actually won.
thanks. ill keep at it. just got back from practice. tennis is way harder than it looks. 
you mad bro?
run a few google searches on the polygraph.

it's not at all scientific and easily gamed.  it's totally unreliable, which is the real reason it isn't allowed in court.

/lawyer
i've been playing tennis for a year now in minimalist shoes. the secret, i believe, is to get used to them *very slowly* to avoid getting injured. in fact, i would stick to wearing them only while doing slow, controlled drills at first and not the pace of a game. after a month or two, however, my ankles feel indestructible. they feel very strong, and i am able to sprint all over the court very freely. all the pros tell me not to wear these, but i think the theory behind them holds. that is, by having shoes that don't act as a spongy cast, you build your own ankles to be stronger. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone who isn't dedicated to keeping their ankles strong. if you only wear these a couple times a week when you play tennis, i would say it's too risky.

i love the fact that they are so light. i switched to my old shoes just to feel the difference a few times and i felt like i was running with two bricks on my feet. i had no "feel" for the ground and i felt very slow. i've stuck to my minimalist shoes since then.

by the way, i play almost every day for 2-3 hours and on the weekends (sat and sun) i usually play for 7-8 hours or more. i hit hard and run fast (but i'm nowhere near a pro).

the biggest downside to minimal shoes is that they wear out fast. i have a huge hole on the bottom of my minimalist shoes now where the balls of my feet are (particularly near the big toe), and i'll have to get new shoes. if you play even a moderate level, you will need to buy new minimal shoes frequently and they are not cheap. this has now tempted me to switch to regular tennis shoes, just for the durability. i've been to the store twice already to try out tennis shoes, and they feel so heavy and bulky that it will be hard for me to switch.

and if you're wondering, i'm wearing the new balance minimus running shoe.

we'll see if i make the switch back to normal tennis shoes. there's probably something to be said that professional tennis players use regular tennis shoes.
i love how the "highlights" are over 10 minutes worth of rallies. not just a few rallies, but almost every other one was just fantastic to watch.
i'd really appreciate some kind of context. this looks insane.
i believe it's from [this djokovic commercial](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebbmqcjoo94&amp;feature=related)

edit: and after looking at the photo and watching a bit of that video, it definitely isn't djoker in this picture. i guess the commercial was inspired by this picture.
classic.
conditions similar to this years us open.
good camera angle to get a feel for pro level pace.

i now understand why raonic plays so many tie breaks. that return of serve... just not good. seems to have a real problem finding the court while on the move too. 
nah i just read a lot of their stuff, at least their willing to say what everyone is thinking.
love this camera angle. i wish they offered alternative camera views like this.
it's theoretically possible to play this particular game i suppose, if you're good at instantaneous complex equations.
i'm 25, male, and my skill level is about 3.5-4. if you are anywhere near my route (doesn't need be to entirely close) then it'd be great to play a match on the road!
do you like long walks on the beach? 
.
.
.
.
jk i don't live in the south west, but i gave you upvote so more people potentially see. 
my fiancé is a 4.5-5.0. m26

we live in austin, tx
i live in los angeles. i'm 22 about 4.0-4.5 (i'm just estimating. i don't actually participate in usta events). hit me up if you're interested. 
i'm 20, about a 4.0, live in tempe, az which is just south of scottsdale. i'd be open to a hitting session if you're around!
i'm 18 and i live about 1.5 hours south of houston. 
hey i play college tennis at unlv i know a ton of players in las vegas around your skill level :d
since when is 30 minutes of a match considered a highlight? you might as well watch the whole match. 
i guess with a match as dramatic and high quality as this one it helps to capture that, but even the longest wimbledon 08 final highlights video was shorter than this and that was 5 sets, haha
have fun watching the whole thing. considering the entire match was 3 hours and 35 minutes, and was the *longest 3-set match of 2012*, i don't think 30 minutes is unreasonable for highlights. i constantly see 15 minute highlights for matches that aren't half as long as this one. the tie-break alone was 20 minutes.
wow, this came in july. i hope he gets back soon..
i'm 22, male, and although i haven't played in awhile i'd still put my skill level at around 3-3.5. i'm right off the 15 fwy on your way down to la from death valley. let me know if you want to set it up! there's a few courts around here to play on so yeah let me know!
i don't know if i can tell from the highlights but i think djokovic physically outlasted murray late in the 3rd set.  seems to me like murray was improvising shots just because he didn't want to do the footwork for his normal shots (in particular that drop shot winner around 27 mins in)
it looks like your'e gonna pass through tucson. message me and we can get together to play a match. 
it's really motivating to see videos like this and realize that most top professional athletes are always trying to better themselves. on or off the court, they're staying busy, putting in hard work, and making sure they stay focused on the end-goal.
gael is really talented, but sometimes too free-spirited on court for his own good. whether or not he ever makes it back into the top 10 (or 5), he'll always be really enjoyable to watch because his enthusiasm for the game radiates and you can sense how "in the moment" everything is for him. he fights hard, but also entertains. he seem like a good dude. i want to see him get back out there. lingering physical problems suck so much.
hah i actually did watch the whole thing and loved every moment! i've always just associated the word "highlight" with a 3-5 minute summary of a match. 
definitely. murray was hardly even running for shots the last couple of games, which is surprising since murray is one of the fittest players on tour. 
i love using leather grips.  they seem to work best for me, however they can be a bit rough on your hands.  in the past i also used powdered chalk, basically the same stuff pitchers or gymnasts use.  it works quite well and you can typically find a little pack for quite cheap at any major sports equipment retailer.
that return murray hit in the first set 0-2 was fire. must have been really pissed about being broken so early.
austin here. do ya'll have any 3.0 friends? 
not really. but my fiancé is looking for a hitting partner if you'd be interested. 
so, is there a way to fix an audio sync issue? mine is off by a couple seconds.
need a mirror.
thanks!
same way for everyone, and the same thing happened to the one on thepiratebay. sucks cause as a murray fan it's one i wanna watch over and over haha
fyi: the literal "long tablecloths" (manteles largos) is a spanish (at least in mexico) phrase that means that a event is important/elegant/memorable.
so glad to see this.
audio is not synced with the video. i tried looking for one without this issue, but didn't find any.

play this without sound in one tab and with sound in another tab. adjust to make them run in sync. enjoy.
a solo road trip going across the us and back? that's a lot of gas. are you making a lot of stops along the way/how long are you planning for the trip to take?
what happened to federer that day..

makes sense to me - 500 series event, and he'll be coming off a long break with low confidence. what better way to get some of that confidence back (and get 500 points with a win) than to hit the clay for a little before indian wells. 

with 1200 points from the final of the aussie to defend from last year, he's going to need all the help he can get. unless he somehow, miraculously makes the final again. i wouldn't count on it. 
i just spent half an hour trying to get them to sync correctly, and have finally succeeded! 
he told the tournament director he'd be ready for the ao 2013, the ao is still months away, he has plenty of time to practice. davis cup is a couple months before the ao and he wants to be back for the dc final, so i'm sure he'll be ready by then.
pasadena (right next to la). about 3.5. i would love to play a match or just hit when you are around here. let me know. 
http://www.guardian.co.uk/sport/2012/sep/25/rafael-nadal-miss-australian-open -- i will be very happy to see him play ao13.
i think, he shouldn't worry about winning any of these tournaments. if he can play and win a few early rounds and not get injured, that would be great. he has to focus on a long term strategy to get some more fruitful years out of his career. maybe even skip a lot of hard-court events and play mostly clay/grass right after his comeback. he can start playing more tournaments if he feels better going through the year. that's just my opinion. 
poor ferrer.
i'm happy he's doing this.  he'll get a confidence boost pretty early on in the season.  he'll still be the man to beat on clay for another 2-3 years.  
lol, going to become a clay court vulture
fatigue both mentally and physically... and andy played at a 9/10
sorry for the delay. it's a hard call without seeing you play, honestly. volleys are really the simplest part of tennis, but the hardest thing to teach in a lot of ways. i serve and volleyed my way through college, and it still took me years to figure out good ways to teach volleying to other people.

do you feel like something about your volleying changed with the racket? if you're having trouble, then it's something with your technique, not the racket. volleying takes the racket out of it more than anything else in tennis, since in all reality you do so little with it. it might feel drastically different, especially with a big weight change. but fundamentally things should stay pretty solid if your technique is sound.

can you get and post some video?
i thought this was going to be some weird fantasy porn at first - was a little disappointed. 
wow! i wasn't expecting such a great response! 

i'll definitely be getting in touch with you guys via private message when i get close to those areas. looking forward to it! 
it's going to be a lot of gas but it's something i that i feel will be extremely interesting. i hope to see a lot of parks and natural attractions along the way (some camping as well) but i also have friends in arizona and la that i plan to stay with. the whole trip i plan to be around 6-7 weeks. i'm very, very, excited about it!
i should, however, add that i do *not* do the djokovic-type sliding on the hard courts. i'm not even sure i would do that with regular tennis shoes.
if you come north from las cruces to abq, i'd love to hit with you. i'm a 4.5.  i also have a big list of players in both cruces and el paso.  let me know if you need them.
this is great news because now it means that triple and quadruple reposts are still good to go in /r/tennis.
federer murray head to head is sort of interesting. murray is ahead by a bit, but he's never beaten fed in a slam. (at least he proved at the olympics that he *can* beat federer in a best of five match)
nadal/verdasco 2009 if i remember correctly. great match.
i believe it was nadal-kolshreiber and that was on a set point i think.
as byakugan mentioned, the league coordinators couldn't do much to stop the forfeit from happening.  they can only address it after the fact by warning or banning.  that's really the fault of the other captain for being inconsiderate.

the format is not flexible because it needs to be consistent across the nation.  usta leagues are designed to be a team sport.  if you just want to play and get experience without the constraints of organizing teams then don't play usta.  simple as that.  

you might also suggest to the league coordinator to schedule teams to play each other 2-3 times during a season if there are only 3 or 5 teams.  i've seen usta leagues with only 3 teams have 10 matches during a season, each team playing the other 2 teams 5 times each.  this should be allowed within usta rules.  pretty much any number of teams can be made to work.
too early to call it that, but it was my 1st thought too.

points wise it's getting tight at the top and nadal's long absence has left him in last place, having the maximum possible points out of the "optional" tournament category could be the key to number 1 next year. 

if nadal starts filling his schedule with clay tournaments outside of the "standard" monte carlo-rg stint then yeah, that'll be vulturing. 
[video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0uw1_orrja)
this was the longest three setter? are you not counting the olympics?  federer-del potro was over four hours.
i've always wanted to do that...
appears it would have gone over the net even if it were out to the double's line.
yep, from the video posted in the comments, you are definitely correct.  aussie open. rafa won the second set with this winner.
good point.
no, not counting olympics. longest atp match.
i'm pretty nervous about nadal's future career, i really don't ever see him being in the top 2 again in fact. if he's going to play at the top level he's accustomed to he's going to have to change his playing style to be kinder on his knees. 
i believe this has more to do with protecting his knees while meeting the requirements for mandatory 500 series events. i'm assuming this will replace what would have been a hard court 500 that he typically entered in the past such as rotterdam or dubai.
you shouldn't wait to contact when you are close. start making tentative plans once you have some idea of the dates.
i know what point you're referring to. verdasco hits a slice with some nasty side-spin on it, and nadal somehow gets it back in just like in the gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuxswt53chs

was at that match actually
whenever you're wondering about dolgopolov's form, you should always keep [this](http://tennisworld.typepad.com/tennisworld/2010/08/tk-8.html) in mind... but even beyond that, "the dog" has one of the most high-risk styles of play of anyone inside the top fifty. for players like him, it is very easy to go on a run and post some excellent wins in a row, but it's also hard to be consistent. 

i don't know whether he may have peaked already or if he has kind of plateaued at being ranked in the 15 - 25 range, or if he can still improve and make it into the top ten. i wouldn't be shocked at any of those things happening, and only time will tell. 
i'd agree.  dolgo, when he's on a run, is a hard guy to play.  but if he's off, he can generate a lot of errors.  when murray played him in shanghai, he said he varied up the pace.  for a guy that likes to mix up paces, dolgo doesn't seem to like it happening to him.  murray won that match 62 62.  i wonder if other players hear this and adjust their play accordingly?
i understand that his style of play has the side-effect of inconsistency. i haven't watched too many of his recent matches, so i was wondering if he made any changes to his game that may be causing this. i watched a couple of matches and he made too many unforced errors. most of those errors came when he wasn't even trying to hit a winner (or trying something weird). he was just struggling. that could have been because he was on a bad run and didn't have enough confidence. or maybe he was just having a bad day.

did you watch any of his recent matches?
[boomerang snake!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syv84wpxs4u)


i didn't watch that match. it's amusing because dolgo keeps mixing up his shots (topspin, flat, slice) and the pace all the time.
i don't think he's ever going to be a grand slam winner.  like someone said, his game is incredibly high risk.  he reminds me a bit of an unrefined tsonga.  flashy, can wow you with some of his shots, but in the long run, just doesn't have the consistency to keep up with the top guys.  

he'll go through bad patches and good patches and i think he's incredibly talented, but i don't think he has the style or consistency to win huge titles or go on great streaks. 
completely agree with that. i am more interested in knowing if there have any specific changes in his game/strategy. i didn't watch enough matches to believe that it is just a bad run.
i mean, i didn't notice anything too out of the ordinary during his 2nd round match at the kremlin cup.  looked like he was just dealing with some confidence issues.  he's still young/ish, so he's got some time to work on some things.  

if he catches fire he can stick with anyone, but it's so hard to win like that.  guys like del potro and, formerly soderling, could hit hard and keep the ball in play.  doglopolov just seems like he's going through a slump that top players don't go through.  
i started appreciating his game recently - before he just looked odd to me - but i don't really see anything remarkable in him. i agree with those suggesting that he might have peaked already, i really doubt thus type of game could have been tweaked to more effectiveness. he is a bit of a novelty and does not possess the consistentcy that even other 20-10 ranked players show regularly.

that said, dolgopolov will always be fun to watch and i'm sure he's got the qualities to pull the occasional upset or deep(ish) run in a slam.
tweener: https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=d0a6nu7bndm#t=776s
true! will do.
my old coach used to hit that shot. just like a between the legs type trick shot.
is the fall pilot league nation wide? seeing as though its a pilot league and not rated don't you think that there should be some flexibility? tough to imagine that an organization like the usta has nation wide league structure. is tennis equally popular in each city and state across the nation...? i have no idea.
southern usta... that's my plan. get to 3.5 asap or find a team that will take me as a 3.0. 
&gt; your letter makes you sound ignorant. 

i don't disagree with you. i am ignorant when it comes to this stuff. however,  no effort was made to communicate with the team captains about the number of matches and possible ways to get a team a match every week. 

i took the time to talk to other people about forming a second team for us to play against. went to fast feeds to meet people and recruit people... the league coordinator is slow responding to emails 4 - 5 days, and was not interested in increasing the number of matches.  
&gt; but your letter comes off as being kind of pretentious and off putting. 

... your right it does. 

i think your right about clinics, fast feeds and lessons. our team does that every week and everyone is playing together on their own time. it's easy to see everyone getting better in practice (easier to see 2.5s/3.0s getting better than it is to see a 4.0 getting better). however, i feel real match experience is an important part of getting better . i am more experienced golfer than tennis player and tournament golf is much different than casual golf. 
i didnt mean it as an insult.

i really feel your pain with the usta though.  its just one issue after another with those guys.  for $70/year (or whatever it is) + $50 per tournament, their organization in inexcusable.  good luck with getting your fix of tennis and hang in there.

i would follow what some of these other people suggested and start playing up .5 in your matches and things.  people are more interested at higher levels and you should advance quicker  playing with better people.
"you think physics is your ally? you merely adopted physics. i was born in it, molded by it..."
i didnt take it as one... i understand why the email sounded like that.
[this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z9mxo3bq-i) one is my favorite by him.
http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/mind_blown.gif
i'm lucky in that i live in the la area, so there are not just lots of players in the area, there are multiple *leagues* in the area (la, orange county, san fernando valley, san gabriel valley, beach cities, inland empire), all drivable within an hour to an hour and a half.  some areas like the major texas cities and most of california are pretty active.  other smaller markets probably not as much.
arm raise.
that's scary.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3flwbmkat8o
that's just - i don't even. poor roddick seemed to always play roger at his best.
i am going to be so sad when he retires.
[this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuiqxcxr4n4) one is also great!
i understand your frustration.  when i played at the 3.0 level, it was always a crapshoot as to whether or not weekend tournaments would even have 3 singles players to play round-robin with.  it got much better moving up to 3.5, however.
i do think that the usta, and some individual tournament directors, could do more to promote their leagues and tournaments.  this past summer i played in a tournament in a medium sized midwestern city, which i've played in for the past 4 years.  each year the participation has dropped.  and yet, each year i never hear a word about the tournament on any of our local tennis association sites.  i always have to go searching for it to make sure i dont miss the date.  and yet, the directors are always unhappy with the turnout and have threatened to discontinue it next year.  i guess if you dont do anything to promote your tournament, you can't expect people to show up.  its not for lack of players.  in another city 60 miles away there are hundreds of participants that play in the weekend tournaments, and the organizers of these tournaments do an excellent job of spreading the word.
so in some instances it truly is a lack of promoting the sport.  but at the beginner's level, 3.0 and down, it really is hard to get people to commit to playing in leagues.  try moving up and see if you like it!
stuff like this is why he is the best ever. natural talent and feel for the game. 
aaaaand this is why i can't watch women's tennis. at least roger loses sometimes
1080p.   sweet!
that, and this one.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmj0-1ggf5k
i don't care who you are, or how long you have played tennis.  you can train your entire life; day and night, and never be able to do something like that.  that is talent.  pure, unadulterated talent.  we are truly in the presence of the most naturally talented man of all time.

good advice. i think the usta website is one of the worst i have seen in a long time. i'm a web developer. the first thing i ask people is what do you want the site for? e-commerce (amazon), provide information (wikipedia), or do something (pandora)... but regardless of what they pick site navigation has to be easy... aka don't make people look for stuff. the usta attempts to site attempts to do all three things which adds complexity... and that's fine but site navigation is the worst i have ever seen. nearly impossible. my point is if i can't even find what i'm looking for on the site how is any sort of promotion ever going to be effective. i would estimate that that site cost 20 - 30k and not something that is going to be replaced anytime soon. 
naturally talented tennis player undoubtedly. most naturally talented man of all time might be pushing it a bit :p
ask for courier to tell you the most hated current atp player in the locker room, off the record of course.  ;-)

ask sampras for a tip.  ;-)

ask lendl if he thinks andy murray smiles too much.

it was interesting listening to sampras and ivan talk about andy (ivan is his coach). 
that's almost cruel.
what did you do to get up 6-2.  do the same thing.  at a 3.0 level, the idea is to make fewer errors than your opponent.  keep the ball in play, don't do too many risky shots, let the other person have a chance to miss, and pick on their backhand if it's the weaker shot.
what were sampras's thoughts?
how djoko starts firing when he's up against a wall and that's murrays advantage. whoever plays closer to the baseline wins
i'd be so fucking pissed
i thought that was fucking cheeky at first, didn't see the ball tip the net and take the path of the ball into his body as he set up for the forehand. unbelievable spur of the moment execution. 
the proof will be in the match points.

cus, ya know, *cough* virginie razzano. 
or thats called luck. what champions are made of! 
yea that was a fantastic shot, improvisation is what separates him from the rest. but imo michael jordan was the most talented man in the history of sports, to this day i've never seen anyone do the things that he did. ok that talented shot from fed could be 'copied' with some training but hanging in the air with incredible athletic hability? mj and nobody else. enough talking, take a look at this even the opposition bench can't believe what he did, that's how much he was respected back in the day

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqdfjgmfega&amp;list=fl_gxmehhd9ltvjwj4qiw6qg&amp;index=42&amp;feature=plpp_video
i was only referring to to tennis. i wasn't trying to include any other sports. 
"most naturally talented man of all time" seemed a very broad statement to me but if you're were referring to tennis then yes, i agree with you
soderling, nadal, and now monfils! it's been a really bad year for injuries :(
hey there, i used to play with the newer version of the racquet (exo3 black). i switched to it from the babolat pure drive. i made the switch because prince said they would give me some free racquets. so i demoed a few and this one felt most like my pure drive. not a bad racquet, but not my favorite either. i never felt like it held tension very well. i always strung it at max with poly strings. 
at 3.0, i can guarantee that if you hit every shot crosscourt, you will win. go for it!
i agree that it didn't hold tension well, but it really didn't need to. today's game sees low tensions consistently (some pros play in the upper 30 lb range...), so i wouldn't say thats really a knock on the racket.

like most of the o3 rackets, the speedport black can be used as an all-around racket. i didn't feel like it was as strong for volleys as its orange counterpart(s) or as solid from the ground as its red counterpart, but it still hit pretty well.
he's so good he has time to practice that shot.. if he even has to practice that shot.
4.0, manhattan, ny
&gt; but imo michael jordan was the most talented man in the history of sports

michael jordan isn't even the most naturally talented basketball player of all time - shaq and lebron are more impressive physical specimens.

but jordan is still the goat in large part because he was, in the words of bill simmons, "homicidally competitive, [and] quite possibly the most ruthless athlete in the history of team sports." in one of the few cases of a cliche being reality, jordan won because he wanted it more.
this one is more amazing. i just wish he won against del potro.
/r/tennispartners

good luck!
i'm in la and would love to play. 
dear god your ignorance is astounding. 
honestly, i absolutely loved this kind of extended highlights video. it was perfect because i still got to see the best points of the match and got the feel for the momentum swings throughout. thanks for this link.
my family runs the toronto tennis academy out of fitness institute along with high performance camps across the city. unfortunately i am living in b.c right now but i would be happy to put you in touch with a match, clinic or hit in north york any time. pm me for my phone number. 
reminds me of this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=s_jcot-ozhg#t=19s
what is this "almost"? 
try [eddie](http://tennisopolis.com/profile/eddiesmiley) or [michael](http://tennisopolis.com/profile/michaelsmith509?).
also here is a list of [460 manhattan tennis partners](http://tennisopolis.com/group/manhattannyc).
just saw this - sorry for the delay.
here's [three tennis players in ocoee](http://tennisopolis.com/profiles/friend/list?q=ocoee+) and here is a big group of 200 [orlando tennis players](http://tennisopolis.com/group/orlandotennisplayers).
hmmm.  that didn't work either.  i would suggest just going through the philly group and look at the profiles manually - i'm sure there are a lot in your area.
hi.  try [bam](http://tennisopolis.com/profile/bam) or [shane](http://tennisopolis.com/profile/shane88?r) or [eric](http://tennisopolis.com/profile/ericdelacruz).  as for finding couples, my search feature doesn't cover that but you can surf through the profiles manually.  have fun!
oh yeah, don't get me started on that website!  just the other day i was looking to see when my membership expired, which requires logging in.  you have to click on the "learn more or login" button, then click again on the "member's login" button, and then you are finally presented with a username/password box.  really?  three layers of navigation before an existing member can login to their account?
anyway, i'll stop my rant.  but my point is, if they can flub the login that badly, what chance does the average visitor ever have of finding their tournaments page?  i think the usta really needs to spend some money on promotion.
ignorant of what? this?: williams vs. rest of elite eight in career:　35-5. 
serena does lose "sometimes", like in the first round of the french this year?

and you say you can't watch women's tennis because one player is dominating*... i wonder what you said last year when there was a slamless number 1 and no clear leader amongst the top players?

williams is clearly the best player on tour right now, but that's thanks to a great summer. she had a mediocre beginning of the year, whereas azarenka went 26-0 and sharapova swept the red clay season. most commentators have said that 2012 has been one of the best years for women's tennis in a while. 

you say you don't watch women's tennis, and yet feel qualified to comment on it? there's an inconsistency there.

**though i would argue that it's really the 'top 3' of azarenka, serena and sharapova dominating - a similar situation to the men's game*
it's interesting that you say that since i will be stringing it at a high tension, probably around 60. i'm also going to use the grommet system instead of the hole system, so hopefully that will hold the tension a little better. it's really close to my old racquet in terms of specs, so i'm excited to see how it stacks up
just come and try for consistency, at least until you get back into your groove.  most 3.0 level matches are decided by who makes the fewest unforced errors, so keep that in mind.  good luck!
which pixel should i be looking at?
it also shows how, because of the speed they hit the ball at, it takes so much anticipation to line up a shot correctly.  fed had to guess where the ball would end up before it crossed the net and start moving there, and didn't have time to adjust even by a couple feet in the time after the net slightly changed the trajectory of the ball.
it was the year 2000 - what can i do?
good choice with the grommet system. i chose the open exo technology blah blah blah. it should give you a little more true tension. 
i wish more ladies would do trick shots.
you mean 20-shot rallies of flat fore/back-hands from the baseline with caveman-like grunting doesn't satisfy your viewing standards?
enhance.
here are some higher quality videos of the same shot: [#1](http://youtu.be/-iyd8k_q_oo?t=8m11s), [#2](http://youtu.be/j8o6bq1bgxm?t=1m50s)
needs more .mpg
haha, quite creative. 
if only the ball were easier to see... if only the clay were, say, blue... 
wink.
i can see from the other sources it was an amazing shot, but you're clip doesn't show anything. i wouldn't have posted this one.
heyy! mary pierce seemed to get shit for her athleticism but she showed some hops there!
not at all. that's the best part. the trick shots are just one of those little side things that shows a little more of the person behind the racquet, you know. 
thanks - this was the only video i could find of it.
i didn't know about the other clips. this was the only one i could find. it's not like i had a selection of clips, and deliberately chose one with poor quality.
well, we ended up not playing friday. we were playing on georgia tech's campus, but two of the courts were being used, and the other two were removed in preparation for the football game the next day. we'll be resuming our match in half an hour. thank you for your comments!
i have seen it before and always thought it was a fluke...
lol you want to try doing that. it's a little easier to do in tennis. 
the us open win was more epic, but the atmosphere at the olympics pushes it above. that noise will only be matched if he wins there in july rather than august.
if you really respected them, you'd call it table tennis.
if you enjoyed that, try this one:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnjykyo_6tq
that's fantastic. i always find myself rooting for the guy who's on defense the whole time on rallies like that, but either of these guys deserved to win this point.
timo boll is the man.
it's a lot easier to interpret/counter spin in tennis (relatively speaking). the shot *was* a little lucky, but spin is highly magnified and much more subtle in table tennis. definitely have to still respect that shot.
[this is a great introduction video to the mind-blowing power of defensive lobs.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qk6vqxez2y)
great shoot indeed. but my favourite is this one from this year's paralympics:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdbpzkzgvx0
well, as a chinese-american, i have the utmost respect for the sport, and it's called ping pong in chinese, so in my book, it's alright to call it that.
both great sportsmen.

 monfils may have not competed at the top level but he is one of the 2nd tier players that i love watching.
great, but why is this in the tennis sub?
[similar shot against tsonga](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shw7hy7lhai)
just curious.  why did you switch racquets?
i'd call tennis warehouse and talk to a racquet playtester (the person answering may just be a salesperson).  they have a rental program too.

perhaps the youtek ig instinct pro?  it is much lighter than your current racquet.   also, realize that some of the net game is technique.  a different racquet may not improve your net game magically.  in that case, finding someone knowledgeable about tennis to look at your technique might improve your net game.
i'd try demoing something like the youtek ig speed lite or a lite version of any racket and see how you like it. i play with the youtek speed lite from last year i believe and it is certainly easier to use at the net. a few cons that you'll find are you can't get as much pace on your shots as you normally can with a heavier racket. also it will take a little bit of time to get your timing on your shots because it is lighter and you will swing a little faster so don't just play with it once and figure this racket isn't for me. hit with it a few times and see how you like it before you judge. i'd also recommend testing the prince diablo. it is a little bit older of a racket but it is still one of my all time favorites. play with each racket you test a few times and if you have anymore questions you can just personal message me. i'm a high 5.0 player and have been playing for a while.
both of their styles of play in this video is probably why they're both always out with extended injuries. i love watching it, and it's great tennis, but playing as reckless as they do catches up to them eventually. 
what you are looking for is the head radical mp. lighter than the prestige but is stiff enough for control and light enough for spin and power. definitely give it a try.
my advice is to demo as many rackets as possible.  you mention wanting to go to a lighter racket to get more maneuverability, but you don't have to sacrifice that much weight for more maneuverability.  find a racket that is head-light, meaning the handle end of the racket holds more weight than the head.  this way you can keep the heavy weight of the racket while getting more maneuverability out of it because you can move the top of the racket faster.  i use he wilson blx 90 pro-staff which is fairly heavy, but head-light so it actually does not "feel" as heavy as it is and is more maneuverable. 

also, in regards to your issue with an unforgiving sweet spot racket.  if you are looking to improve your game, you may want to pick up a racket such as the blx 95 that you described because it will force you and teach you how to consistently hit the sweet spot on the racket.

always remember though, the racket is only an extension of the player.

for reference, i recently played at the high collegiate diii level, so 4.5-5.5 in usta terms depending on the region of the country.
sounds like you need a a prince rebel 95. it's a pretty heavy racquet(11.6) but is pretty flexible. solid for ground strokes and volleys, and great for serves. you definitely want to demo a bunch of racquets from tennis warehouse first to find what you like. good luck!
i have to disagree with this completely. it's not any different from other sports, 50% are cheaters and 50% are trusting. i've faced way too many tennis players who would do anything to win. one tennis player i've faced in high school 4x cheated me on every match.
i have a competitive disdain for both of these guys, cause they beat my favs (fed and blake) but watching this is damn impressive.
my old racquet (head speed 18x20) was a demo and the frame cracked returning a serve. as much as i liked it i also love trying as many racquets as possible, and like i said this one has almost identical specs. also my first racquet ever was a prince, so there's some sentimental value as well
my mistake, i actually did not know that.
monfils was out of this world!
one quick piece of advice:

note the string setup when you are demoing rackets. if your current racket is running hybrid or full-bed poly strings, then demoing rackets with synthetic strings will likely give you issues. the same goes for string tension.
my favorite parts from monfils were the points where he'd pull the trigger with his backhand out of nowhere and inject 20-25 mph more pace for an untouchable winner. risky, but so awesome when pulled off. 

also, like many guys, he looks a little awkward on the forehand wing sometimes when dealing with nadal's crazy topspin. but he played great defense and came to the net when he needed to.
this is true. i run synthetics on a + tension on my racket. every time i play with another set up it just completely hinders my game. 
i'd recommend the six.one 95 if you thought it felt good.  make sure you keep your eye on the ball the the way through contact and you'll find in a relatively quick amount of time you won't be miss-hitting nearly as much.  it's a racquet that will make you a better tennis player.

obviously try out some more though.  tennis warehouse as a racquet finder/help thing on their website too.
 
i just got a blx surge, and i am wanting to say this would be a good racket for you. my base line shots went from a small amount of topspin and moderate power to heavy topspin and very hard shots.

 it's 9.8 oz. unstrung, so this would really improve your net game i would assume. also, it is extremely forgiving. i have screwed up so many shots with it, and the ball goes straight to a back corner every time, usually winning the point or giving me an overhead for the next shot. so i would highly suggest the blx surge just based on my recent experience.

also, if you were prepared to spend the cash for a babolat aeropro drive gt, this $130 racket isn't really going to dent your pocket.
i use rosin.  i buy it at the sporting goods store, it comes in a little cloth bag.  i use it every time i change ends.  there is also a gel you put on your hand that drys to a powder that a lot of people like.
you can try building stamina by running starting from the baseline to the net, and then back backwards. there are many variations to this exercise (side to side, forward and backward, touching each parallel line on court once quickly the back, etc.)

unfortunate predicament. the physical stuff is easiest, so let's start there.

you are still years away from hitting your physical prime, but there are some early habits you want to start developing now that will pay off huge as you continue to age. assuming you can't spend most of your time training (school, etc.), you will want to devote the majority of your working out to a combination of two things: 

* hiit - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high-intensity_interval_training
* plyometrics - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plyometrics

couple notes on these items:

1. form is by far the most important thing you will want to focus on when doing workouts, never compromise form to do more reps, and take the time to learn the correct way to do various exercises. lot's of videos on stuff like burpees, air squats, lunges, etc.
2. this stuff is seriously tough - ease into it, slowly building up to a seriously hard workout. a burpee tabata for most people i know, including myself, can result in puking.
3. learn good stretching habits now and start using them. speaking from experience, the last thing you want to have happen is 3-4 years from now be crushing it at the tournament scene and/or your school, and suffer some garbage, crippling, 5-week injury because you tweaked a tight ligament or muscle. 
4. many of these kinds of exercises are great because there is zero equipment required, and are pretty basic stuff that you can get into relatively great shape with. let's take a bare minimum approach - you train 6 days a week. day 1 - airsquat tabata (after proper warm up, stretching, etc.), day 2 - push-up tabata, day 3 - wind sprints up hill, rest day 4, then repeat. 

your town almost certainly has something you can use as some kind of wall - really a flat side of a building on some concrete is enough.  find the best one closest to you - abuse that thing. try to hit a hole through the bricks. what is your worst shot? hit that shot against the "wall" 200 times the first day, 300 the next, 400 the next, then 500. what is your next worst shot? hit that one 200 the first day, 300 the next, etc., etc...

but the biggest deal is what i saved for the last. practice your serve like your life depends on it. of all the things in tennis (form on strokes, fitness, flexibility, tenacity, etc.), a dominant serve over anything else will return the largest dividends. look up super-slow motion videos of ideal pros hitting their serve, my favorite being john isner, but you can of course also look to sampras, federer, roddick, etc.  in my humble opinion? this is the only video you will ever need to watch - i think this motion is flawless: http://youtu.be/zgaxdue6nmq

other than that, have a serious talk with your parents about your level of interest/skill, and if there is anything they can do  as far as getting you into camps in nearby towns or finding hitting partners willing to meet half way.
jump rope... all day every day jump rope...
next keep a journal and write in it everyday what you hope to accomplish.

finally a word on weight training... elasticity is very important make sure you do not bulk up. low weight high rep only on your upper body. only do upper body every 3 days or maybe but no more than every other day. legs on the other hand every day all day until the end of days.

for the love of god do not do any long distance running. it developes the wrong muscles. so stick with the jump rope.

oh yeah almost forgot.. jump rope
hi! i'm a senior in highschool and had to live with this predicament my whole junior career. there is some things you can do.
1. serve- serve a bucket of balls a day, this is one of the best things you can do for your tennis game. a better serve makes your whole tennis game better, because it makes it easier to hold serve, which applies pressure to the opponent.
2. usta tournamets- go to every single tournamet you can.
3. if you have enough money and are serious about tennis, consider enrolling in a tennis academy
i know you were mostly looking for fitness stuff, but i felt like these needed to be said. good luck!
where's roger
wrong thread friend :p
the circlejerk over federer here is actually ridiculous. sometimes i feel like /r/tennis is self-aware and is parodying itself.
i recommend the wilson blx tour. it comes slightly head light so when it is strung it is even. its 10.7 which is lighter than your current stick and it still ploughs through groundstrokes. i recommend demo-ing first though. tennis warehouse

edit: also i found it useful to watch the videos that tennis warehouse makes about the racquet. the play testers go fairly in depth and point out when they are biased for or against a certain spec of the racquet in order to ensure a fair review. 
also a 25 yr old 3.5-4.0 in beaumont tx (10 mins from silsbee) if youre interested!
surprise surprise djokovic is #1.
i wondered where my post landed!  thanks!
well, as long as you've tried a prince before.  i think trying too many racquets leaves you with this vaguely dissatisfied feeling.  i know someone that had 3 different racquets.  if he didn't like one, he'd switch to another.  he'd rather blame the racquet for his problems.   i tried to use the same model all the time and blame my shots instead.  it's not that a racquet doesn't matter, but it can always be blamed for being the problem.
i thought of a name: inside in.  this is a variant of jim courier's company that did the champion's tour (called inside out).
she is a freaking beast out there, she blasts aces left and right.

i think azarenka can give her a run for her money though! that us open final was really close!
yeah it was a great match, i hope they meet again in a slam before serena retires!
it makes no sense to say that because one pro athlete allegedly doped, to turn around and say that all pro athletes dope.  and then to also say that they dope because there's a lot on the line?  come on.
she was probably too busy to do all the glamour stuff but in my mind she's thinking, "bitches i don't need makeup and a hairdo to look fabulous!"
dimitrov is such a fun player to watch, especially because of his striking similarity to federer's game. i know that he hasn't progressed as quickly as some would hope, but i think he's definitely a future top 10 player. 
sharapova is a goddess amongst humans. ivanovic is pretty amazing too. 
he has made some gradual improvements this year.  he's going deeper in tournaments.  hasn't won anything yet, but he's reached a semi here or there.  so there's hope that he's at least getting better, even if it's slowly better.
i am out of my depth with this question. any insight /r/tennis can offer would be most appreciated by me and my students. 

**question:** *you’ve just won a set of singles tennis. what’s the least number of times your racket can have struck the ball? remember that if you miss the ball while serving, it’s a fault.* 

-- from [futility closet](http://www.futilitycloset.com/2012/10/24/lazy-tennis/), a fun blog for riddles and trivia. 

**solution:** [once. you swing and miss each time you serve, and your opponent commits a double fault each time he serves. eventually you find yourself serving at 6-5 or 7-6 in the tiebreak, and then you heroically serve an ace. from dick hess, all-star mathlete puzzles, 2009.](/spoiler)

------------------------------------------------------

**spoilers** (student solutions &amp; arguments below) 


one student said: 

[swinging and missing a serve doesn't count that you served.  you have to actually touch the ball in order for it to count as a serve. if you are more than 5 minutes but less than 15 minutes late to a tournament you forfeit the first 3 games.  therefore, you can already start with 3-0 and if you don't serve the first game and the person double faults it would be 4-0. 0 hits.  then you serve 4 aces and it is 5-0. 4 hits. then the person double faults another game and its 6-0.  therefore, you could win a set while striking the ball only 4 times.](/spoiler)

another said: 

[there are two possible ways: if the game ends at 21 points, then you are able to win with zero hits, when you play as the second (the servings change every five balls). the opponent fails everything and so do you. therefore the game ends with the score 22/20 for you. (the final score of both players must differ by 2). if the game ends at 11 points (the servings change every two balls) it is also 0. when you play second, and fail everything, like your opponent, the final score will be 12:10 for you.](/spoiler)


---------------------------------------------

    *edit -- formatting. i should have made this a text post, sorry.

if the set starts normal and there are no trick answers, like 15 minutes late and such; 12 hits. 4 for each game you served (3) and 0 for the 3 games your opponent served.  6-0.
brao
so, assuming each players hits twenty-four consecutive double faults the set would resume to a tiebreak in which this following scenario would result in requiring only **1** contact. 

player 1: double-fault (0-1) 

player 2: double-fault (1-1) 

player 2: double-fault (2-1) 

player 1: double-fault (2-2) 

player 1: double-fault (2-3) 

player 2: double-fault (3-3) 

player 2: double-fault (4-3) 

player 1: double-fault (4-4) 

player 1: double-fault (4-5) 

player 2: double-fault (5-5) 

player 2: double-fault (6-5) 

player 1: ace (7-5) game, set, match



zero times in all sorts of unsportsmanlike or injurious ways. :p
1 hit is correct for a 1 set match. 2 hits for best of 3, 3 for best 5.

swinging and missing a serve does count.  missing twice is a double fault, so the first student is incorrect. the time restriction is different fort different tournaments.
the blood disorder that mrcheshire's article mentions is called "gilbert's syndrome".  (from wikipedia)  it's a hereditary disorder which affects the liver, blood and often causes fatigue.  
  
it's unfortunate that dolgopolov has this.  he's one of my favorite players. i think i've seen it affecting him in some matches this year.  
  
as far as has anything changed?  maybe his illness has gotten worse.  or, maybe he's just going through a bad streak.  i think we'll have to wait and see.  
  
one other thing, if anyone knows any of the announcers during the us tournaments please, for the love of god, tell them to pronounce dolgopolov's name correctly.  it's dol-gop-po-lov, not dol-go-pol-lov.  thanks.
  
you didn't stipulate there would be a tiebreak! it's not standard in all tennis sets.
that's a first.
it's hilarious when commentators refer to him as "baby federer".
it pretty much is though.
this is correct. another solution which gives 1 hit per set (for one player) would be if you have set point and the other guy serves it in and you hit a winner.
troicki's reaction was hilarious. "i gotta see that again."
novak has me laughing so hard i have tears in my eyes.
zero times because your opponent forfeited.
+1 to those camera angles, looks spectacular
roger betterer
i need this shirt.
student 1 is wrong, a swing and a miss is a fault. (mentioned in usta rules and i've never heard otherwise elsewhere, see [here 10b](http://www.tennis4you.com/links/rules/rules.htm#r10))

even if they weren't wrong about tennis rules (which they are), they would still be wrong in this context since the question explicitly tells you that this should be considered a fault.

student 2 sounds like they are talking about table tennis scoring instead of tennis scoring.
the timing on the forehand in the point starting at 2:36 is unbelievable.
imo he needs a better coach and he could easily be a consistent top 20 player, he has the game to do it. 
serena's serve was all over the shop, but she still managed a pretty convincing win. the azarenka-kerber and sharapova-radwanska matches were incredible. play finished at like 2:15am, or something ridiculous like that.
thats not something you can really teach. 
fuck the title scared me i thought it meant rolland garros and wimbledon for next year.
damn, i was really hoping he'd play london, so all 4 of the slam winners would be there and battle it out :/
my friend is pretty consistent with a shot very similar. he hits it crosscourt to the short sideline and it's almost impossible to return due to it's trajectory.
not entirely unexpected.
it feels awesome to hit shots like that, but it's just disbelief when my friend owns me with one of those.
this is probably the easiest shot to knock someone off their game so radically with. i'm not saying it's easy, but with the right conditions it's relatively easy and less risky than, say, a drop shot or zinger down the line. the worst part is there's nothing really fancy about the shot; you just got outplayed. best defense against this is to avoid returning a weak ball to mid court on the outside.
i really miss watching him play, but hopefully this time off will mean he plays for longer.
very well put. down the line shots are incredibly fun, though.
i don't expect to see him until acapulco...maybe he'll do the aus open. 
he's been called that for a number of years.
i believe he is doing the abu dhabi exhibition at the beginning of the year as well.
bummer.  he's actually my favorite us player right now.
title is a bit misleading.
christ, every single point is such a battle between these two.
my question is how long he'll last once he does return. will he be like serena and only play the biggest tournaments? i really think this is the beginning of the end for nadal. he's going to get bounced outside the top 3 for sure, but i'm hoping he'll be able to change his playing style a bit so he can stick around for awhile.
misleading title is misleading
a sign of things to come. sad to see.
avoids fed again, this is why the h2h argument is bs. 
nadal leads federer 8-2 in grand slams, was he avoiding federer there too?
was at the open! 
we are so lucky to live in a time period where such great tennis players exist, the competitiveness is at/has been at a all-time high since the conception of the sport.
his 237 consecutive weeks at number 1 is more than every other active players weeks at number 1 combined! 
the untouchable years...2004-2007.
11/16 slams with 2 finals and 2 semi's is just incredible. 
if you are hitting just like nadal does, and you're looking for a racquet that gives you good power and spin you should try out the babolat aero pro drive its a 16 x 19 string pattern, and a head size of 100. if you want that little extra power though then get the plus version. but its a great stick, and i recommend it for your style of play.
ahh, thanks for the advice man ill look into it
not sure. maybe he didn't confirm his participation in time to be placed into the main draw.
every week there's a post like this about fed. he's the goat but damn, it gets old.
perhaps brian baker got a wildcard.
really old.
typically, you need to confirm your entry into a tournament more than a month in advance.  more than likely, stepanek asked for a wildcard, was refused, and thus had to play qualifying if he wanted to get in.  something similar happened to kevin anderson a few weeks ago where he had play qualifying because he didn't get his request to be in the main draw soon enough.
i was the guy not on camera. i've never won more than a set against this guy
the bolded section is about rackets if that it all you care about, i may sound like a douche, sorry, i can assure i kid because i care :)

so you can hit a ball with 9000 rpm spin where the spin is about 30-40 degrees off 90 if 0 degrees is parallel with the court?  and you are only a 4.0?  christ, i can't even do that and i am right around a 5.0.  must be the racket huh?  silly 16 x 19 90 frame.

in all seriousness though, you might want to look into your strokes, nadal's strokes are quite unnatural and can be quite damaging to the body, at least his forehand.  his backhand is more typical.

**now on to rackets.  i feel i have said this like a billion times, the racket is only an extension of the player.  here are some tips, demo rackets until you find a few you like.  make sure the racket isn't too light, as you start playing people who hit the ball harder, the heavier racket will help you stabilize and control your shot better.  look into something between 95-100 and find a good tension for stringing.  it is really all about trial and error.**

also, i feel obligated to put a text version of condescending wonka "oh you put spin on every shot you hit?  what a revolutionary and special player you are..."  sorry it had to be said.

oh also you might want to consider what would happen if you played someone who consistently hits hard flat deep shots.
it's a pet peeve of mine whenever i see a camera on the ground.  tripods, ftw!
you don't play a 5th set tiebreak at wimbledon or the french open. 
&gt;you might want to consider what would happen if you played someone who consistently hits hard flat deep shots.

i assume he'd hit deep, loopy, high, topspin shots to his opponent's backhand. hard hitters at 4.0 tend to only be able to play their game if the ball is low. just don't play their game and you've got a good shot.

what i can't believe is a 4.0 player that needs advice on a stick. seriously? every 4.0 player i know has been playing for years, like 3+ days a week. we talk gear all the time. how could you not have an idea?
thank you (and everyone else in this thread) who replied with helpful insight into this question.  my students enjoyed the problem and those of us unfamiliar with tennis learned quite a bit about the scoring system of the game. 
apdgt+. http://www.tennis-warehouse.com/babolat_aeropro_drive_gt_plus/descpagercbab-apdgtp.html

even though i personally hate babs. make sure you use poly strings.
did he seriously throw his racquet? that's craziness.
i was more thinking about if he goes for a lighter more powerful racket, unless he is putting insane amounts of spin on the ball his shots will fly because nothing will be absorbing the power and he will have to generate his own spin.

but yes, i do agree with you as to why a 4.0 player is looking for racket recommendations.  i mean all he really needs to do is demo some rackets and find one that he likes.  that's what i have done in the past.  although, once i was hooked on the wilson, ncode 90 i've stuck with every new iteration of it, although now that i don't play hyper competitively anymore i have just stuck with the blx 90 pro-staff.
more importantly, most people would be ecstatic if they had won just those tournaments that you mentioned.  but think, he won every other slam but those five!  
such drama! and some brilliant rallies. i thought errani gave a decent account of herself in rr.
why does he like to hit so short? 
also, there's a guy selling one on the tt forums for $100 used. http://tt.tennis-warehouse.com/showthread.php?t=443813
the whole tournament is fantastic so far. 
no, baker received a direct acceptance.
if you look at the draw, the wild cards are clearly mentioned. brian baker / falla both are ranked under 50 and were in the main draw.
hence, "pretty much" 
it's not about bragging or anything.. im trying to describe my style.. i am a player that likes using spin, and almost never hit a flat shot.
about nadal thing, i am not saying im as good as him.. 
im saying that my playstyle is similar to his, (as in my swings are similar, and i kinda slide around like that) 
kinda giving you an idea of how i play so you can make good recommendations. 
haha, i don't have trouble against big hitters at all, i have good footwork and can hit deep.
about not knowing.. well i used the same racket for past 3-4 years.
and i've only been playing tennis for around 4-5 years.
don't let that throw you off though, im still atleast a 4.0
i've won plenty of matches against 5.0's too
i expect serena to win the whole thing. she's taking care of business mighty nicely.
hey, thanks for posting this (and any others).  my tennis-watching is limited to whatever pops up on espn3, so i appreciate that you went out of your way to put this up.
only 38 seconds in and, damn, this is gonna be good.
lacoste and babolat? could you be any more french?
does federer give a little clap at 3:34? -- i have never really see him do that in an atp match, but it probably shows how relaxed he is nowadays. 
i was going for either del potro or djokovic 
i'm right there with you, leaning to djokovic. the kid here doesn't have the eyebrows like delpo.
he was coached by larri passos (gustavo kuerten´s coach) in 2010. on his first interview, passos said belluci would have to be patient with him. 1 year later belluci fired him. he lost my respect right there, i don´t think he will ever develop the mental game necessary to win any major tournament.
yeah, i've been watching a few matches here and there. we have had some excellent matches so far - azarenka vs kerber, sharapova vs radwanska and radwanska vs sara errani. serena looks to be continuing her great form, and it's going to take a mighty performance from sharapova to deny her the title. but maria is a fighter, so i am sitll hoping for a good finals.
serena williams.
djokovic, based on the eyes especially
beg to differ

andy roddick hasn't been gone that long.
that's what i thought, i thought it was going to be a tight match....was sadly disappointed
well, it was entertaining anyway.
jcf played his last professional singles match earlier this week, losing to nico almagro in the first round of his home tournament, the valencia open 500. ferrero and ferrer played doubles together wednesday, after which there was a farewell ceremony attended by a number of players, including nadal and hewitt.
it was pretty deep into the second set we were both kinda tired
well sorry about that...i worked with what i had
you have a gift.
interesting.  for me, the giveaway was the mouth and the area above it.
federer's worst possible stylistic match up on his opponents best surface.
i watched every matchup of fed vs nadal at roland garros.  in my personal, uneducated opinion federer didn't lack any of the necessary shots or decision making required to beat nadal on clay.  there would be some really great points that federer would be in confident control of, but he couldn't put together enough of these points to win games.  i have to think this is one glaring example of a mental roadblock that plagues any human.  he knows just as much as we do that the one thing he's never done is beat nadal at the french.  just my thoughts though.
thank you for the thoughtful response. part of the reason i started the thread was because it seemed federer certainly had the ability, even on clay, to beat nadal at the french open. yet it didn't seem to happen. 
i think it was more due to nadals skill, rather than feds lack of ability. nadal knows how to play on clay better than everybody, possibly even borg. it's something that would be very hard to understand if you had never played against nadal on clay, i'm assuming.
i think nadal's high topspin to fed's backhand caused a lot of problems for him. it probably messed with him mentally too when someone could exploit his weakness as easily and frequently as nadal. plus nadal is the king of clay - he is just good at playing at the french.
the only statistical backup i have is his uncharacteristically high number of unforced errors, especially on the backhand side, during those matches.
this. nadal exploits fed's one handed backhand. if you watch the tape of theyre matchs on clay, it's always the same script. try hitting a 1 handed backhand on clay that's 6 ft off the ground. its not fun...
nigga just couldn't break at critical points. s'all good.
i've just recently begun playing on clay. living in maine we don't have any clay courts in a 2 hour drive from where i live. it's part of the reason i've become interested in the topic. having said that, the first thing i noticed was how much trouble i was having hitting my one handed back hand. and obviously i'm not playing anyone close to as talented as nadal. it got to the point that after my third match on clay i was doing everything in my ability not to hit a back hand. 
some very nice shots
fed's game is much more suited for faster surfaces. he has a bomb of a forehand but the clay in paris neutralizes his power shots. fed thrives on short points and lots of winners, nadal thrives on staying behind the baseline and outlasting his opponents. you simply can't hit through your opponents on clay as roger likes to do.
glad he got a coach. i hope it helps him break no. 5, however unlikely that is right now. i have a feeling the top 4 will be locked down within themselves for the next 2 years at least.
*cringe*
that supports what /u/tboooi said elsewhere in the thread.  nadal's forehand gets way too high on fed's backhand on clay and fed has a lot of trouble with it.
i do! played on the squash team in high school and now i go to one of the top colleges for squash in the nation, albeit not for squash. i love the sport so much, and in some ways i enjoy it a lot more than tennis. if you enjoy watching squash as well you could either buy a subscription to psasquashtv or just subscribe to them on youtube as they post highlights to most matches. espn3 also has some full matches when the tournaments are in north america. 
mathieu played really well, reminds me of safin, fed was just too good
his insideout goes to a forehand instead of a backhand. bad for fed, especially on slow courts
here, here to squash (there is a somewhat meager /r/squash btw). this is the worst time of the year for me due to the back and forth trying to transition.  some days i end up playing both... ok maybe its the best time of the year, but my legs hate me for it (a game of squash is like doing ~20 sets of ~10 lunges with a few short sprints mixed in here and there).  best workout you can get playing a game imho.

for anyone thinking about taking it up: i started 2yrs ago after ~8yrs of tennis.  it was an extremely smooth transition, and after about a month i was wiping the floor with the guy that introduced me to the sport.  the swings are different enough that they can be isolated without cross talk, though i usually take an extra long warm up when coming off a squash game.  best part is the finesse and gamesmanship required to pull off winning a point, because power is rendered moot by the dead ball.  almost shots are retrievable given a sufficiently competent opponent.  this appeals to me as a tennis player far more than the power based racquetball.

**tldr; try squash, you'll love it.**
thanks for the info. i'd like to become better in it and start competing, so watching some good matches will be very helpful.
hardest part of the game right now is getting used to using (and not running into) the walls. i like everything about it. it's just the right balance of fun, reward, and fast paced intensity to instantly be one of my favorite sports. it can also be fun to watch, but it's definitely not at the same level as tennis in that regard.
a lot of these points are spot on. i'd add that fed plays a high-precision game, and clay creates a level of randomness (more bumps, etc.) that adds to his unforced error count. as a contrast, just think of how (especially) dominant fed is on indoor hard courts-- i.e. fast courts, no wind. 
was there any significance of federer challenging his first serve, throwing his second ball to the other court, and then being wrong? the commentators talked about it. happened at 10:00.
exactly, fed's used to hitting a really special ball with that liquid whip of a forehand he has, and usually that makes for a clear winner or he'll go and make a killer volley; that's enough to win against normal humans, but then nadal goes, reaches it and answers it back, [like this point in 2012's aus open](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=asmdchljm70#t=455s) or another one about a minute after this one. 
eh, federer deals with bad bounces at least as well as the best player. grass is even worse with bounces and he deals with them well enough there. i'd say the randomness does little (if any) more to federer than it does to other players.
it's a slippery slope!  i've been playing since i was 10, and played on a top 10 college team.  it's the best workout of any sport i've ever played.  an hour at a high level will leave me completely gassed.  i find it helps me with my tennis to be more patient, and has made me a significantly better doubles player as well, as i am thinking more about angles.

some advice: fitness will win you anything in squash until you get to a 5.0 or 5.5 level.  make sure you are unbelievably fit and that will cover up the flaws in your technical game.
i'd say it's about 80% mental and 20% matchup related.  there were matches, 07 for example, where federer converted something like 2/17 break points.  

but then there are matches like in 08 were nadal was just ruthless.  but i think it all comes back to nadal's ability to outlast people, which federer is not immune to.
thanks for the tips.
this. fed knows and rafa knows it. every time rafa steps on court against roger, he gets a huge mental boost and steps up his game just due to the history (this year ao semi is a good example - rafa poor whole tourney, then goes into man-mode vs federer). 

'06, '07 and '11 fed was in great form and actually dominating the match. up until the inevitable mental breakdown. not saying he "should have" won any of those, but he couldnt keep it together long enough to find out. it was 1/17 bp, btw. 

basically, roger can only win these matches when he blasts rafa off the court, which is a pretty tall order against the guy who's whole game is built around unbreakable defense. any time it gets close, he pretty much knows rafa will clutch it out. '11 fo and their ao final were perfect examples. fed controlling the match, but only needs a minor blip to completely lose his shit. 

2008 was a completely different case. rafa at his best, fed at his worst. not that it really matters, nobody was beating rafa that year anyway. first time i've seen federer give up in a match. 
yep. the only time federer beat nadal on clay was at hamburg 07 and then madrid 09.  both times, nadal was blasted off the court.  

as people have mentioned, hard court, especially one at the o2, gives federer a great chance to hit through nadal.  probably why federer has had huge success against nadal indoors. 
hmmm i don't know, he didn't really help out his fellow countryman monfils, i guess any coach is better than no coach though.
that's a very good point, and something nobody else in this thread mentioned
monfils is a great player but he's more of a showman than a real contender for big tournaments, unlike tsonga, who has all the talent to beat the top 4 but unfortunately lacks the mental toughness and consistency at times he needs it most.  considering how well he did on his own i can only see this helping him going forward
i'll be honest, at first i read roger federer...
they may not hurt him but nadal is generally the master of bad conditions. perfect conditions (indoor hard) let federer drill down his high-precision shots to crazy thin margins. nadal on the other hand hits everything with lots of margin for error: huge topspin, high over the net, so his shots don't go long or into the net, and he manages to hook a lot of balls into play that don't make the sweet spot of his racket. 

the nasty rainy conditions of the last french open were probably to nadal's advantage. 

this is also, i've often thought, one of the reasons nadal's second preferred surface is grass, since he does well with the non-true bounces. if it weren't for that you'd think he'd prefer a high-bouncing hard court for his forehand, but he's generally been worst on hard courts, since i think he finds it not as optimal for defending the way he likes.
just truer and truer as you think about it. roland garros is the slowest clay right? nadal's a fucking lefty. jesus.
mental. take a look at break points. 
true except at the last french open. djokovic only started getting into that much when the conditions got bad with the rain, when the conditions were good again the next day it was rafas game again.
interesting point. 
it's kind of easy question, but none of the top answers gave the full explanaition


 rafael nadal is the king of clay because is the surface wich gives the most advantage to his playstyle of returning **every** ball. there was lots of succesfull players in history wich perfected this style, just concentrate in reaching every ball as the priority, rather than seeking winners or dictating tempo; wich needs a very physical approach. well, on top of beeing one of the bests in that game, he can hit the ball in an unique wave (with his drive nontheless) 
  so the fact that federer was even **able** to beat a player who **hardly ever** receive winner hots, can cross the whole backline 20 times in a row in the 5th set, and not only returns the ball, but as hardly as he receives it... in a surface that is designated to make the game **slower**... show only how federer is actually the best player in history. 

edited for:
**tl/dr: rafa can reach more balls playing in clay than in any other surface**
i see... so federer being 0-4 against nadal at the french open is what makes federer the greatest of all time? am i reading this correctly?
cheers for doing this
also, if you notice their head-to-head statistics, most of their matches have taken place on clay (as many as in all the other surfaces combined), where they are 12-2. federer is ahead on both hard courts (6-5) and on grass (2-1). while that shows nadal's superiority on clay pretty clearly, it also is testament to federer's consistency - in other words, given that they were 1 and 2 for most of their meetings, it meant that federer mostly faced nadal in clay court finals (notably 5 french opens), while at the same time nadal simply wasn't there for their rivalry rendezvous in the other surfaces. 


federer need this if he is to have any chance of getting end of year world number 1. not looking good on that front.
first set del potro 6-4.
5.0 gaithersburg md. 
it's 1:21am here in australia and this university student is watching tennis as he crams for finals. thank god for the internet. 
where do you stream it?
someone please make a .gif of fed getting hit by that serve
sop cast has a stream that works. not english though
do they play a tie break at 6-6?
looks like they do :p
federer has seen 3 second serves so far in the 3rd set tiebreaker and the last two were absolutely horrendous returns.
usually i would prefer no tiebreak in the last set, but i'm short of time today so i'm glad.
that was fucking beautiful! it was barely at his ankles and he gets it back like it was nothing!
**unreal** flick by federer in the third set tiebreak there. 
nice half volley by fed but im afraid this might go to del potro
congratulations del potro.  sad to see fed lose on home court though

time to watch the dolgo ferrer match now
don't let being the 2nd seed get in your head, god knows i always do my worst when seeded, just go out there and play your game and try to have fun with it. if you feel like you're choking try grunting, it reminds you to breathe. good luck!
wow, what a shame!
use positive self-talk, focus on your footwork, and be sure to slow down when you're feeling anxious. good luck!
why so?
i would disagree my friend, it's more of the surface.  has rafa ever beaten rog at the yec?  nope!  the surface makes a huge difference; this cannot be overstated.
don't be so quick to conclude this.  it is mostly the surface.  has rafa ever beat rog at the yec?  nope!  does rafa have "mental block" there?  probably not.
no. but rafa usually wins the big points.  the two have had close matches on clay.  rafa has only ever won one set against roger at the yec. 
in grand slams, rafa's beaten him on every surface. so, the matches that matter the most. when was the last time rog beat rafa in a slam match, on any surface? wimbledon 07?

from that, i'd say it's mental. by the end of the year, nadal's burned out (see djokovic last year) and the surface is the fastest, no wind, perfect for fed to bulldoze through nadal. nobody's going to bet against fed at the end of the year on fast courts against nadal. 
note that hamburg and madrid in those days were the last clay masters series events (and nadal nearly always won both monte carlo and rome leading up to them, so nadal was understandably burned out). the madrid 09 final, nadal had played a 4 hour match against djokovic the day before. 

it's mental. the break point conversion stat is pretty telling. it's not like fed's never been in position to win on clay. he just couldn't actually pull through.  
the surface and the time of year. nadal's 8-2 in grand slam matches against fed, both losses coming on grass. granted, they never played at the us open, where the hardcourts are a bit faster. but still, 2-0 on the hardcourts in australia. 
play like you don't care because you care.
my plan is to play like i used to, make it a mental game and force my opponent to win the match for me. change the tempo on him and take charge of the match. if he wants to play slow i'll play fast and if he wants to play fast i will slow it down.
aussie isn't fast.
yeah, the ad side is a bitch.  since all things in tennis are done to keep parity, i've wondered if they shouldn't start serving on the ad side every other game.
burned out?  rafa has spoken about how much he's wanted the yec.  after the sampras era, all surface have been slowed down.  the yec just shows how unstoppable fed is when the surface isn't slowed down.
with federer (9475 ytd) out of paris, it's impossible for him to now catch djokovic (11420 ytd) for the year end #1 title.

it's crazy how in a year where nadal dominated the clay again, federer came back and showed he's still at the top and murray broke though with his first major djokovic still managed to maintain a dominating presence in the point rankings.

with two tournaments left this year, this year has been a hell of a good battle.
wilson juice 100 pro

did u win
do you dispute that rafa is burned out at the end of the year? 

the yec is also mostly best of 3. i can't recall if the final is best of 5 or not, i think it used to be but not anymore. another advantage to fed. the best of 5 against bandy comes to mind.... 
in my post, i said the us open is faster, which implies the aussie hardcourts are slower. you said it's the surface. i'm saying look at their grandslam hardcourt record. 

so are you saying it's the speed of the surface, not the surface itself? i'd agree more with that statement, but i still think nadal has been in fed's head for awhile, regardless of surface. 
is the trophy chipped at the bottom?
nope, lost 6-3,6-0. the guy wasn't super good ,he had very little pace and bad footwork but some how managed to hit ridiculous angles. all, kinds of slice on every shot. whenever we got in a rally i would win the point but most the time i hit unforced errors.
except that federer beat nadal in madrid on clay, so ya the surface makes a difference but it isn't the all encompassing factor.
could this be the true return of del po?
that sucks
the nose gives it away
i think hamburg was the slowest of the slow clay back in the day, and fed won that a few times (beating nadal once, but that was when rome and hamburg were played in back to back weeks and nadal would have won both titles, possible fitting in barca as well). 

after reading what this thread has to offer, i'd say: a) best of 5 (fed is less strong than nadal in a match that goes the distance), b) fed's mental issues against nadal after having lost so many times, even in his prime when nadal was still a youngster, and c) the surface. 

it used to be that we'd say fed could beat anyone on any surface other than nadal on clay. looking at their records with some hindsight, i'd say nadal could beat fed on any surface other than the fastest of the fast, as long as it's a best of 5 match. more because of the mental issues than the playing style. 
watching these highlights makes me miss nadal. i live in the eastern timezone and stayed up on a work night to watch this match. things were looking bleak for nadal and then poof, he turns it up and eeks out a victory. 
i think nadal's been quoted as saying both grass and clay (the "natural" surfaces) are easier on his knees than hardcourts. he's surely more comfortable on those. 

i'd note fed's record in madrid (indoor clay) is very very good, compared to his record in rome and monte carlo. that's both altitude and indoor-ness though. though it's only indoor sometimes, iirc. i think the roof is retractable or something. 
i think it was so wet that the balls weren't bouncing as high and the clay was less dusty, so less bite on the bounce. i think i'd limit this to nadal being better in non-ideal conditions, like blustering winds. he definitely wasn't benefitting from the rain against djokovic (a guy who wasn't going for winners that much) in the final this year, but i imagine he would have benefitted from it had he been playing federer. 
remember that those clay victories are usually when nadal's coming off the heels of playing monte carlo, barcelona, rome and normally winning 2 or 3 of those. and then remember madrid's at a high altitude. nevertheless, nadal did have a golden clay slam year (winning monte carlo, rome, madrid and roland garros), and i think he took out fed in madrid that year, on a bad bounce on match point from what i remember. 
i was awaiting confirmation on this. i gave it a 0% chance that fed would play and run the table on basel, paris and the masters cup just to keep his ranking. 

i think djokovic was under the radar this year. after all, he still won the aussie and 2 other major finals. he's jsut not as good as last year. last year i thought he was unbeatable, pre-us open. 
i have to say kerber-azarenka was one of the better matches i've seen in women's tennis. i was actually there to watch all the games that day, had a great time until the end, which was around 2.15 a.m..

i also felt kerber was a bit unlucky, as she played great throughout the tournament, esp. against azarenka.
did federer withdraw from paris? 
[yes, he did.](http://www.chron.com/sports/article/roger-federer-pulls-out-of-paris-masters-3988577.php)
http://www.10sballs.com/2012/10/28/jo-tsongas-new-coach-is-promoting-him-as-a-top-fiver/
i also entered a tournament this week after not entering one all year (last year i never missed a monthly singles tourney). in my case it was a doubles one and me and my hitting buddy played our first game together after about some...4 months or so of not playing together. we also only won 3 points (2-6, 1-6). fortunately for us, this was round robin, and yesterday's match went a lot better(6-3, 6-7, 10-6) though we didn't qualify for the final round. you'll do a lot better in your next tournament!

good luck
&gt;it's crazy how in a year where nadal dominated the clay again, federer came back and showed he's still at the top and murray broke though with his first major djokovic still managed to maintain a dominating presence in the point rankings.

i think its impressive, but i dont find it crazy. 

nadal dominated the clay season, but he has been injured since wimbledon. murray has never been able to compete with djokovic as far as ranking points are concerned (this year has been a step up and a step down- he won a slam, but he probably wont win a single masters title).

fed was his real competition for number 1. and i dont find it that surprising that a 25 year old djokovic is more consistent than a 31 year old federer. 
no doubt he can make top 5, but i doubt he can reach 4 or better.
it looks like it just has a piece cut out. the angle makes it look irregular.
how can you despise him? genuinely curious.

he's a courteous winner, a respectful loser, and an all-around happy guy.

he also has massive amounts of skill and an obvious love of his sport. i'll take fed and nadal over him any day, but i can't not like djokovic.

edit: i'd like to add that i didn't like him a few years ago, but he was different then. he went through a big change in his lifestyle and diet that enabled him to feel better.
you're referencing the "race to london" points total. federer can still end the year as #1, which he is now, in the atp rankings, which is the standard for ranking players: http://www.atpworldtour.com/news/tennis/2012/10/41/shanghai-saturday-federer-up-for-no-1-battle.aspx
he absolutely deserved it, best player at the slams and best, imo, overall

2012 djokovic season:

* won the australian open

* sf in dubai

* sf in indian wells

* won miami

* ru in monte carlo

* qf in madrid

* ru in rome

* ru at the french open

* sf at wimbledon

* sf at the london olympics (lost third place play off)

* won toronto

* ru in cincinnati

* ru at the us open

* won in beijing

* won in shanghai

all season he's earliest exit was qf in the madrid masters.
[delivery.](http://imgur.com/xhkxr)
the nose knows.
he still is all about gamesmanship, calling for a trainer shamelessly to try to mess with his opponent's momentum.
ive watched them both live at rg, madrid, etc. for several years. it's mainly an issue of matchup &amp; percentages:  nadal's lefty topspin forehand (strength) going to fed's backhand (weaker side) gives him a dependable advantage - ie, nadal can keep going longer w/o an error than roger can.  and the moment roger hits a short reply, nadal will be in control.  and in tennis at that level a tiny advantage like is all it takes.  

another factor as others have mentioned is the mental aspect - nadal @ rg is like roger @ wimbledon at his peak.  just walking on the court they have a mental edge over the opponent. 

the combination of nadal's defense (arguably the best in history of tennis) + slower clay &amp; his sheer speed &amp; giving every point his all are also key factors.

i'm saddened that both are past their absolute peak, but blessed that i lived in the same era to watch their rivalry. 


out of the top 5 men, the only ones who don't do it is fed and ferrer. nadal is the worst with it by far. djokovic does it about as often as murray in the last two years. 

before 2011, i wanted to punch djokovic in the face on a few occasions. 
sorry you are wrong.

right now the race points are two tournaments shy of equaling the atp rankings. since there are only 2500 possible points left for players to gain (1000 in paris, and 1500 in london) there is no mathematical way for federer to end the year as the atp rankings number one player.

federer will officially drop to #2 next sunday and won't have a chance to retake #1 again until the australian open starts up again mid january.
if murray wins in london he's the undisputed #1 in my book. i don't care about the rest. if you win a slam, olympic gold, and the year end, and none of your opponents win two slams then you're #1.

i get how the computer can say djokovic is #1, but i don't see how anyone in this thread can say he deserves #1 when the season isn't over.
if i had to give one word, it's bounce. fed is great on lower bouncing courts, his backhand becomes a weapon and isn't a liability anymore. having said that it is not impossible for fed to defeat nadal at rg, there have been quite a few sets that fed has dominated, but beating nadal in a best of 5 is just too damn difficult and for his only loss there, it took soderling to play lights out brilliant and nadal to have a semi-off day/injury. i do think djokovic is more likely to beat nadal at rg than fed (i think novak would have beaten him last year if he had made the finals)
for sure, she didn't deserve to go 0-3.
she really played great tennis.
nothing really that significant, but the reason they mentioned that he threw the ball to the other side of the court was a sign that he felt sure that the ball was actually in, when it actually wasn't. he just seemed overly confident that he was right. 
well done
&gt; before 2011, i wanted to punch djokovic in the face on a few occasions.

i feel the same way, but he's changed for the better, by a lot recently. although i wanted to punch his face when he called for a time out at the end of the us open this year. and i'm serbian btw. 
first off, congrats to djok. he had a good season in what has proved to be a good season to all the top 4; nadal broke the fo titles record, federer broke the the weeks as no.1 record and murray broke through to win his first grand slam. in that perspective finishing the year as no.1 is all the more impressive.

i can't say i'm not disappointed, but this is an example of federer doing his federer thing by making sure he is fit to play and doesn't get injured.

and anyway, he'll regain no.1 when he wins the ao, right?
2013 is going to be the calendar grand slam year for him. i just feel it! 
that's what i thought. thx!
i agree about the mental part, absolutely.  i just don't think it's as big as people suggest here.  the ad side does play a huge part.
i'm not disputing it, but i would say "so is everyone else."  everyone is, to their own degree.  so why make a special mention for rafa?
op forgot to mention that his aunt is 6'3"
this makes for an interesting ao next year. djokovic &amp; nadal on one side (if nadal keeps no.4) and federer &amp; murray on the other. as a federer fan i'm glad he is not on nadal's side of the draw (unless i'm reading it wrong). 
navritalova. 
this is what so many people don't seem to realize. federer whether playing his best tennis or not, is around late in tournaments. nadal is only around late when he's playing his best, thus the head to head is skewed. 
because you said it's mostly the surface. if there were a best of 5 match earlier in the year in a fast indoor court, i'd give nadal more of a chance than i would in november. 

fed's not as burned out because he can play quick, short points. that's to his credit. nadal ought to adjust his game but his style is hard to get away from. it's not fed's fault that nadal is not at his best at the end of the year, and it's a credit to fed that he is able to play in such a way that doesn't kill his body the way nadal does, but i don't think it's fair to say that it's just the surface at play when we're singling out the masters cup, which is at the very end of the year. nadal's record in that part of the year is just bad generally, if he's even playing at all. 
this is actually a pretty thorough analysis from a college tennis coach on this subreddit a few months ago.

http://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/wa2ib/iama_college_tennis_coach_ama/c5bz8l1
for what it's worth: not exactly what i was looking for, but there some interesting stats [here](http://www.atpworldtour.com/rankings/top-matchfacts.aspx). note that you can sort the columns, and select statistics by year and court type.
man what a great year. cant wait for next season even though there are still the world tour finals. really happy for murray to win the us open, and my boy fed did exceptionally well
wow, that's a neat pic! did she say if he was nice?
if your aunt stood on the pedastal behind then, john would still be taller. 
i don't think tennis balls were meant to be pressurized that much.  they come packaged around 12-14psi.  a little more is ok to speed up the repressurizing of the tennis balls, but 30psi is way too high.
i laughed hysterically for several minutes at and i quote "a freakishly tall sasquatch" on nyes at our hotel in hua hin. it was only until the morning when i opened the bangkok post that i saw isner was playing paradon. 

twenty severely hungover minutes later i put the two and two together and realized the person who "bumped into me" for my deserved rudeness was none other than john isner. 

open bar on nye......never again. 
djokovic and federer will definitely be in seperate halves if they keep #1 and #2, but you have to wait until the draw to see which sides nadal and murray will be drawn into.
why do balls go dead anyway?
she thought he was great! he was super nice and friendly.
the pressure inside slowly leaks out as you hit. the rubber membrane inside the ball is pretty good at holding pressure, but the more you "squeeze" it by hitting, the more the rubber gets stretched, the more pressure you lose.
experience on the tt forums says 30psi for 1-2 weeks to recharge balls. 15 psi is what you use to maintain the pressure of the balls. or so i am told. we'll see when i open it up.
that must say something about the state of women's tennis..
there is a good amount of record info on [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lists_of_tennis_records_and_statistics)
i think 302 weeks at number 1 has been pretty sufficient. i can't imagine anyone in the current generation who can break that record... 

given all the milestones he has achieved now, i feel like i can watch him play without feeling anxious about him losing (although i would still want him to win). i have a feeling he also gets to really play for the fun of it a lot more now, rather than thinking about hitting another record. 
i hope i remember to check this thread in a week.   reply here so i'll get an orange envelope when you update on results?
i really, really try to keep my comments on the positive side, but i just could not resist leaving a few select words regarding your comment. &gt;&gt; is that really the reason you "can't watch women's tennis"? if it is, you must be a casual-peripheral-headlines reader-only during some slams, type of tennis fan...at best. the women's game hasn't had consistency at the top ranks in years. even now, three different women were crown champion of the four different slams. hmmmm...sounds more like you just don't like serena. preferable if you just say that. i don't like the twilight series. but nor would i go into the twilight subreddit room and post a comment when i only saw the first one. 
would you mind linking to that thread?  
sure.
[thread here](http://tt.tennis-warehouse.com/showthread.php?t=397853).

post that says 30psi [here](http://tt.tennis-warehouse.com/showpost.php?p=6037381&amp;postcount=49).
[further down the thread](http://tt.tennis-warehouse.com/showpost.php?p=6042727&amp;postcount=75)
pretty good career! won his only slam on clay but probably best on the hard courts. could have won us open.
typical argument from people who don't understand the 52 week ranking system. it's the player who've had the best **year**. murray's clay season was way worse than djokovics. djokovic made 3 gs finals, won one. murray made 2, won one. djokovic has more masters titles/finals (murray has no masters title so far this season). the only thing murray has that djokovic don't is the olympic gold.
i agree, he's defended his 2011 pretty well, particularly since wimbledon and has added a couple of tournament wins post uso that he skipped last year. if he wins paris open and wtf he's going to end up with a sickly amount of points.. 
in the end nobody cares about finals, second place. using your logic, you'd consider someone who won 2 slams to not be #1 if another play one a slam, more overall tournaments, and was more consistent throughout the year. no pros who have actually won majors would agree with you.

i never implied i didn't understand the ranking system. i just don't care about it. ultimately the public decides who #1 is in their eyes. the us open, olympic gold, and a year end championship is simply a bigger year.

that said there's no indication that murray will win the yec.
allegedly? they stripped that armstrong of his medals (which i'm not happy about), i'm just pointing out that people should take a better look at all sports.
that's true, good point. i guess i was thinking back to vague memories (as in i can't remember specifically which matches right now) of watching nadal play a few other rainy matches on clay this year and doing well in most of them. then again, it's *nadal* on *clay* so it's hard to say if rain made a difference, or whether you just sometimes forget how good nadal *always* looks on clay, y'know?
20 downvotes? wtf? c'mon federer fans.
thanks. i always assumed that there were holes in my balls. tennis balls are pretty cheap  (&lt;  $1 per ball) compared to premium golf balls ( &gt; $3 per ball). there  substantial differences between golf balls even when comparing a $30  dozen to a $40 dozen. however i have not noticed any substantial difference in the logevity or performance between tennis balls. does one brand of tennis ball last longer than another? do better tennis players have ball preferences towards a particular ball?
i'm sorry but the score in those 3 sets he lost were not very good for murray
ya, that guy says 25psi. others (who came up with this system) said 30. like i said, we'll see how it goes.
yes, some balls last longer than others. and every regular player has their own preference.
why? she's 25 for chrissake, is it really time to start prioritizing her schedule this much?
and hope serena doesn't show up.
this is tennis, at 25 the clocks ticking. 
bad luck djokovic. clinches no.1. loses first match in paris. 
what about the australian and french open? 
why can't you add a spoiler to this title? the match just ended and i'm sure a lot of people (including myself) were looking forward to watching it later.
what 25 year old do you know that is past his/her peak?
you should be happy that you dont have to watch djokovic tanking this match.
today's matches spoilers: [querrey upset djokovic in 3 sets](/spoiler)
well done sirs.  keep it up
nadal, maybe
just keep at it bro, it'll come back. 
my buddy and i entered the doubles at our university (we were much older, grad students) and we got smoked in our first round robin match. after about a month we ended up getting on a roll and winning the tournament (that was seeded by the round robin play) and ended up winning against the guys that smoked us in the round robin play. 
with federer out of paris, djokovic can focus on london.  i don't think it bothers him that he lost his first match.
it's the combination that's key.  nadal, for example, won monte carlo in 2010 without dropping a set.  he did, however, lose serve to ferrero (once) in that tournament.
i have a feeling that this was more of a "tactical loss." if djokovic looks to win london, i think playing 2 consecutive hard-court tourneys to the full extent would have drained him during either of the tournaments. i'm still at a loss as to who will win london though. federer is goat indoors. however, last year murray pulled out of the finals, and he's competing this year. you could make a case for him (since nadal is out of the picture sadly). 
i didn't say past their peak, but at 25 the end of one's career is in sight. fed and serena are anamolies.  at 25 borg had already retired. serena i think shows that playing less lengthens one's career, so sharapova should definitely pick her battles wisely. 
wow
&gt;all season he's earliest exit was qf in the madrid masters.


update: it is now the 2nd round of the paris masters.
fed and serena are hardly anomalies, but i take your point. those who begin to focus on one tournament are on the verge of retirement, not years away. with the current state of the women's game this is even more perplexing to me. it is wide open at the top and sharapova is in the best position with her age, experience, and talent to take the lead and set the bar. she is outspoken about how women's prize money must be equal to men's, but the men at the top give it their all for the entire calendar and the quality has never been better. the quality of the women's game is shit and this kind of mentality by one of its most recognizable players does nothing to strengthen it.
and how about the fact that [djokovic took the first set 6-0?](/spoiler)
i think it's a play on george orwell's down and out in paris and london. 
good shot, not outrageous though.
i went from prince o3 red to a donnay dark red. it adds more power but the head size is tiny. i like it though and i won't be moving away from it until they stop making it. you'll notice a large difference using a better racket and then returning to the prince 03 red. it's just too light and although helps with spin, won't help with generating power. also once you make the change to a better racket, you'll find that you'll miss the spin heavy element. if you want to compensate, you can look towards the string to help with that. i've ended up with solinico heaven strings that are durable but have just enough feel for me to generate spin on it like i used to. 
question: [does this affect the #1 ranking for federer?](/spoiler)
answer: [no, it doesn't. djokovic has it clinched. there is no mathematical way for federer, or anybody else, to become number one.](/spoiler)
i think, technically, that was a lob. not a passing shot. still a great shot, though.
i would say it's a passing shot.  it didnt go over his head or anything.  it wasn't too high for him to reach.  it just had some arch too it.  
i think he struck it like a forehand, and it didn't even go that far above benneteau's head. i'd definitely consider it a passing shot, albeit a unconventional once. 
seems almost like both now that i watched it again. it had some height to it, but was also wide enough to not be within benneteau's reach. it was a passing lob shot! :d
coudl you call what fed did the "golden tournament?" or would he have to win every single point? i can't imagine that ever happening but i would definitely be smiling if it did.
absolutely agree. olympic champion 1988.
&gt;  tennis is a young man’s game — much more so than many other sports

i wouldn't agree with that.

&gt; note the drop-off as players enter their 30s. only 10.3 percent of majors have been won after age 29 and a mere 3.3 percent after age 31. in tennis, the “wrong side of 30″ is a harsh place to be.

the analysis fails to take into account the [change over time in the age of the competitions elite](http://theconversation.com/youll-never-see-another-teenage-tennis-champ-heres-why-21529). an "over 30" champion is more likely now than it was say 10 years ago

&gt; nadal a projected total of 16.48 titles, just a tad bit short of roger’s current 17

so if this (reasonably arbitrary) score was different by just 0.02, the conclusion would be completely different?

&gt; we can use the binomial theorem to help us

grand-slam wins is not a random variable. basically, every time he competes in a grand slam, his chance of winning the next one changes (presumably it goes down because he is getting older).


he was in a slam final less than a year ago and beats nadal and djokovic from time to time.
i was so glad to see gaston gaudio won that final (eeek... that was 10 years ago).  that was when i first fell in love with tennis.  
boooo!  wawinka lover here.
marion bartoli.
are you a greek australian?
i have to go with marcelo rios, world number 1 for a time and won five masters 1000 titles. i can't believe sky sports (uk) left him off their list of contenders when they asked this question during madrid/rome, including the likes of tim henman instead!
some more names from my 'active' time as a spectator:

curren, nyström, jarryd, leconte, corretja, rusedski, philipoussis, haas, tsonga, berdych.
this site is pretty good about updating actual start times for matches:  http://www.onthegotennis.com/live-scores/#inscore_ifheight_xdc_2107
thomas johansson
thomas johansson
good choice.
there seems to be a pretty big difference in shorts. all the basketball ones i have tried have been huge on me, like really baggy and go way below the knee. unfortunately the nike store near me doesnt even carry tennis stuff, just 4 sections of basketball, one running and one section of golf for the mens. 

i'm just saying, he had a big breakthrough in 2013 and hasn't really been doing well since the australian open.  he could always turn it back on but until he does....
any of the wilson pro staff 90 racquets. i just picked up the pro staff six.one 90 blx that is very similar. the k-factors are more desirable, and supposedly the current 90 is the most similar.

brilliant racquets, exquisite control and feel. low power(really low unless you hit the sweet spot) and small sweet spot. 

i'm really glad i bought it, i don't think it will replace my prestige pro for matchplay anytime soon, but i love practicing with the 90 it really has taught me a lot about touch and has really improved my slice.
nobody's mentioned mark philippoussis. two time grand slam finalist, 11 singles titles, 1 masters series title, top ten player.
the closest current racquet is the wilson blx pro staff six.one 90.

unless you're playing competitive club tennis i would recommend the 100 (or the 95 if you *have* to have that box beam):

http://i.imgur.com/gp4l4bd.jpg
damn.  i had to look up whom he beat that year: safin.  that guy seemed like he had so much potential, but only converted 2 wins.
i was entertained by the unpredictability of the match, but it wasn't of a great quality. some great points but a lot of sulky wayward games from each player and i don't really find fabio's antics remotely entertaining, his body language was dreadful at stages in the match, plus he almost his a ballgirl throwing his racket, got warned for swearing audibly in italian and was pictured leaving the court with his middle finger up. i have no time for the guy.

monfils, though, i like. glad he won.
my friend, d1 player, would do a ladder drill for feet. always stretched and got into good habits in that regard. he would do reaction drills like drop two balls an arms width apart with a friend and stand 3 feet away turned around and when i dropped one he would try to lunge and grab it. maybe its hard to explain but reaction drills were a big thing. he said at his level many people are athletic and had endurance but being able to see the ball off the racquet and predict can save you and you can get there early and setup. jump roped a bunch. stair climbing. also he would run. he could run probably 2-8 miles a day for fun. 

edit:
http://healthyliving.azcentral.com/improve-reflexes-tennis-player-3023.html

quick turn around drill is what he would do


i like to drink and smoke so u just play for fun :) 
nice article but i can see why some people are criticising the analysis. peronally, i think that rafa will miss out on breaking federer's record gs tally, but not because of age, more because of the knee troubles he could encounter which are more down to the intensity of his playing style than your everyday wear and tear.
not a fan of fabio's antics anymore. he just acts like a spoilt baby or someone that's slightly unstable. characters in sport are always entertaining but there's nothing funny about him swearing loudly in italian and seeing if he can get away with it, throwing his racket and almost hitting a ballkid with it, and swearing at the crowd is just unnecessary.
yes, i am. unfortunately i had a pulled groin, and so could not play well at all. but i took a set off of a seed, so i count it as a decent tourny for myself. 
 
ferrer no doubt
he was pretty meh before that, he's been meh since, this is a valid answer 
i kinda thought all the fognini hate was unwarranted until i saw that - what a knob
yes.  also, he's a [sweaty, disgusting pig](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?page=hruby/090909).  i wish upon pat e. a flagon of gimelstob sweat to drink.  
doesn't monfils always put on an act as part of his gamesmanship? 
i'm glad monfils won too but it just isn't the same without his infectious joy :(  i hope we get to see it in his next match!
wawrinka is probably on the lower end of the spectrum when you line up every single grand slam winner, but to say he is the worst, is prepostrous.
tim henman deserved at least one. had a great serve &amp; volley game.
permutations.
i agree about how the weight of the situation, but i really think this kind of unsportsmanship would spoil the win for me
as a swede i want to disagree but it's probably true.
well, as another thread pointed out, imagine coming down from the adrenaline high of toughing out that game and then trying to play on. i think it affected dani both physically and mentally. a game changer. 
i think it was you who pointed out that early futures winners tend to mature into good tour players years later. does rublev fit that mold for you, even with the loss to kozlov?
robin soderling. but that was illnes driven. he would have won one. 
he did, yes, but only made it to four other slam quarters in his career. he's just a step over mark philippousis (two slam finals, three other slam quarters.)
that's a tough question. the most recent one i can think of is gaston gaudio. he hasn't gotten past the 4th round in any other grand slam appearance. he made the semifinals of the world tour finals in 2005, amazingly, only to be double bageled by federer. 
he said very clearly he was kind of throwing away games in the 4th to serve 1st in the fifth.. crazy but you've gotta love the strategy/honesty
i just subscribed to tc+, and all i can say is! for the love of god yes!!!!!
it's fantastic. 
todd martin, cedric pioline, berdych, soderling.
gaston gaudio. 
oh cool, which area do you live by? maybe we can hit sometime!
he is so damn skilled. one of the best at taking time away from opponents.
yeah, probably too soon to say if he will be a single major winner.

i don't know that he did deserve one really. he was a skilled and elegant player but was a bit flaky under pressure. as much as lots of people wanted him to, he never won wimbledon for a reason.
that reason was pete sampras.
still is - he got to a final last year too
the crowd wasn't so nice either
thomas enqvist, coria, and tsonga need to be included.
"the 'poo!"

not a bad nomination. very capable all-court player.
rockford is about an hour and a half from my house, so thats doubtful sorry. plus, i really don't like giving my location out.
i think you mean mauresmo.
i can't give you a good answer on rublev.  the only hd match i know of that exists of him online is [from a 1st round loss at a challenger earlier this year](http://new.livestream.com/atp/kazan2014centrecourt).  i haven't even been able to find any info on how tall he is.  it's tough finding out about these non-us guys if they rarely play challengers.

the hit rate on young challenger winners is a lot better than young futures winners, but if you look at just the top 10 youngest futures winners it's a pretty staggering list of names:

* richard gasquet	        15y10m	great britain f3 '02

* mario ancic	        15y10m	croatia f2 '00

* andrey rublev           16y 0m  usa f31 '13

* rafael nadal	        16y 1m	spain f5 '02

* novak djokovic	        16y 1m	serbia f3 '03

* jimmy wang	        16y 3m	japan f4 '01

* rhyne williams	        16y 3m	usa f16 '07

* andy murray	        16y 4m	great britain f10 '03

* borna coric             16y 5m  great britain f9 '13

* juan martin del potro	16y 6m	chile f1 '05

coric is a future star imo, so the only real out of place names are wang and rhyne, both of whom are still making a decent living on tour.  and maybe rublev.  from what i've seen of him, he already has a challenger quality serve and forehand, and i'd ballpark size at like 6'2" 160lbs, so the tools are there.  backhand and mobility look shaky and he's been a bit of a hothead in a couple matches.  i'd be shocked if he doesn't crack the top 60 eventually, but it's impossible for me to guess how elite a talent he is.
safin could beat *anyone* when he was at his best. his touch, power, and court sense were incredible. unfortunately he couldn't keep his head together most of the time. definitely one of my all time favourite players. tsonga's game reminds me of his.
hopefully not
what happened?
with berdych it's not out of the question he could still find a way to win one in the next couple years. with ferrer you get more of the sense that he's most likely missed his chances by now. 
coria is overrated here i think.  his career was really really short - we're talking literally three years of relevance.  and nearly all of his accomplishments came on clay.  outside of clay he made it past the qfs just once at the masters or slam level.

ferrero was the best clay court player in 2003, nadal was the best starting in 2005, so coria was the best for just 2004 ... and he fell apart in the french final and in two masters finals (losing to federer and roddick...), although he did win monte carlo.  i'm not sure that "world's best clay court player for one year, with three years of total relevance" is worth a historical spot.

same with enqvist i think.  just one slam semifinal appearance in his career.
interesting that he made 2 slam finals yet never got as high as no.8
that's a lot of bad drop shots. 
enqvist had three masters wins, was top ten four times over a span of six years, made a ao final, but that is not why i would include him.  the reason i included him was he constantly beat top players. 5v5 against agassi, huge winvloss margins against chang, kordi, and 7v3 against already listed rios.  if there was an early upset enqvist might have been involved, and he had big wins constantly.  enqvist was kinda like safin in my mind, but even more inconsistent.  at his best he could march through two huge crowd favorite (australians) back to back to make the finals of the ao.   
in my lifetime, it's been gaudio, korda, and gomez. 
love that finish at the end, good to see tsonga in form!
op is asking for the best male to never win a major. he's never won a major. op didn't ask for best male to never be ranked top 5.

that being said, rios never won a major but was ranked world #1. so it's probably him.
he had serious physical problems and spent half his career sidelined.  i don't think there were many years he played a full season to get his ranking up to its true potential. 
if we're talking consistent excellent tennis play for years and years on end, it's gotta be haas. top 50 for years, top 20 for years. injured. gets back to top 20. injured. gets back to top 20. damn near fifteen years of that now, right? i mean, who else does that besides the usual goat suspects?
surprising how ferrer has over taken davydenko in this.   on the eye test davydenko always seemed the better player and when in form he also seemed present more of a challenge fed and nadal.   however based on the last 2-3 ferrer got a couple big wins vs nadal + the french final a master tourney.  it is probably enough to over take davydenko. surprisingly they only played 6 times.      



not if these [guns](http://www.tennis.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/stosur-portugal-700x450.jpg) have anything to do with it

hopefully will be a good match today
a plethora of knee problems
yeah.  it really amazes me how the bigger guys on tour like del potro, isner etc aren't plagued by the same lower body injuries like mark was.   

was he just unlucky or have we made some leaps and bounds in injury prevention?
i don't think you can say the guy is wrong when he essentially concluded "fed might have one left in him, and nadal might have three or four."

isn't that what everyone's been saying recently anyway?
i'm calling it.
what about tc+ do you like so much?
fognini has such lazy feet
the usta has a whole section of their website dedicated to this. go to their site and find it.
you're overthinking it. he obviously loves the game. he's mainly implying that tennis isn't a hobby--it's an obligation, a commitment. 
well, tennis shirts are definitely different from golf shirts, e.g., the golf shirts have a deeper v and more buttons on them. this makes sense since in tennis, such a shirt would start sagging in the back and riding up on the front of your neck.

tennis shirts also tend to have a collar compared to other athletic shirts because you're out longer on a surface exposing your neck without a helmet or anything blocking the sun, unlike football and things like that.

there are also a surprising number of people who really hate seeing someone play tennis with soccer gear on!
he is definitely very talented, but i still think his mindset was miles ahead of the next player in his generation. the kind of consistency he put up is amazing and says a lot about both his body and mind
holy shit, 60–90 dollars? here in texas they're $30.
lets look at something simple.  he claims nadal has an 8 percent chance of winning a tournament that he is entered in.   it seems to be he does not account for the different surfaces (nadal is more dominant on clay).


plus like everyone said he doesnt account for the improvement that have been made in "nutrition and fitness" since johny mac maried that actress.


look at all the physio and trainer they all fly around the world.  if johny mac was flying around with a trainer and a coach instead of an actress and 2 kids maybe he would have had better results in his late 20s.  

also like people have said their doesn't appear to be that many young guns knocking down doors.   heck even fed at 32 is still top 5.  


did anyone actually bother to look up a picture of her back in 2012? i did. apparently their punishment worked exactly the way they'd hoped.

is someone going to suggest that playing at the weight she was in 2012 is actually conducive to a good career?

so if you're pumping literally a hundred thousand dollars into training someone and they're living life in a way that means they're going to have to retire in a short few years from competitive play due to knee injuries, how do you get them to fix the problem? because apparently they won't listen to reason. and the usta is under *no* obligation to pay for anyone's training! that shit's expensive. for a person who isn't taking their health seriously, there are bunch of others who could use that money!

so they took her $ away and now she's fit. you'll notice everyone reporting on this is posting 2014 pictures of her, not pictures from when she was "too fat."

people are acting like they were fat-shaming her. this wasn't a punishment because she was ugly by their standards. no. they were trying to get an incredible athlete to focus on her fitness and minimize her risk of knee injuries. guess what, their technique worked!

this whole article is like me posting a picture of 2014 djokovic and saying "can you believe one time a person at disneyworld told him *he was too short to ride space mountain*?!?

but yeah, gimelstob can go fuck himself.

now, i'm about to go to bed. i have a feeling when i wake up tomorrow this will be downvoted into oblivion (and by me mentioning this feeling, i'm probably guaranteeing it). but in my ideal world, i will wake up tomorrow and find a response pointing out where my reasoning is wrong, because right now it doesn't seem controversial at all to take away funding from, quite frankly, a junior player who apparently didn't care about being healthy and was skating by on sheer athletic talent. again, this is all just my impression gleaned from the pro-thompson writeups and a few old pictures i found on google.
could you imagine if murray never got over the hump? he would have been by far the best player to never win a major. 
the usta isn't investing in people to get them #1 junior. they're investing to get them to be highly successful pros with long careers to build us tennis. you can be fat and #1 junior, but you can't be fat and have a career into your early 30s. it's cold as shit, but the usta has limited funds to promote players to grow the game, and they need to evaluate their investments like a business (because that's what they are).
mauresmo won twice, so i think he's cemented that he's legit. 
i wanted coria to win that final. best argentine player i've seen. yes, even better than nalbandian or del potro (not counting vilas or clerc, because i never saw them).
it's not her game that's the problem, though, it's her mind.
what the fuck /r/tennis? you're upvoting this kind of shit?
sorry hijinked
looking at the schedule i doubt they'll even play today.
would have*
blx 90 and prostaff 90 are almost identical.  hell, even the n-code 90.  i've had them all, and they still feel the same. 
i would agree with you, but the feel is completely different.  i've been using the 90s for years, and even the new 95s are totally foreign in comparison.
do you think i should get one of those if i currently use a head microgel radical oversize and i've been playing for about a year?
because /r/tennis is not an uptight pedantic jerk.
honestly, it's all personal preference. have you hit with the k-factor? 
http://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/26ud5w/what_racquet_do_you_suggest_i_should_get_next/


nope. you have any suggestions?
i sooooo wanted gaston gaudio!  and i've been a gaudio fan since. i was watching nbc coverage and clearly mcenroe was little bias to gaudio.  anyway, it was a classic david and goliath fight.  gaudio was the underdog, had it hard always in life, didn't come from a well-off family like coria did, and never won the big matches.   and he came through!  sigh!  i'd like to see that match again.  
i think this is his year.  like ana ivanovic's is.
well, his career was also cut short by mono. and the big thing that puts him in contention is that time he beat the best single surface player in history at that player's favored grand slam during that player's prime.
ferrer for sure ! , nalbandian was damn good but never took the game seriously , he always throws his fitness away at important times , i have to say this that he was very careless in his life , while ferrer is a hardworker he always gives his 100% in every game he plays , its just unfortunate that he is stuck in this incredible era of competition in tennis with guys like fed, nadal, djoker, and murray , if it wasn't for these guys he would have won many majors , the thing is he still competes and that's why he is a legend 
wait, you call marion bartoli a man and i'm a jerk? sure. try not to act like a 15 year old. "hurr durr woman looks like a man trololol". /r/summerreddit, i guess. 
personally, i've hit with the same racquet, or a slight variation of the same racquet for years. the only reason i use it, is because i was goofing around and borrowed one from a friend and fell in love with it. before that, i hit with a ton of other racquets. if you really are having power trouble that can be contributed to racquet and string problems, then i would recommend something like the 90, strung high. the smaller head size and weight distribution design forces the player to provide all of the power through their swing.  other than the racquet being your problem, keep your head down and still in order to keep the ball from flying on you. don't half swing it in order to keep it in, that only screws up the shot and can make the ball fly more. 
thanks?
did you get to watch the champion from hindsdale play?
nalbandian was such an infuriatingly good player.  could really have impacted federer's legacy if he'd been able to produce more consistently too, being as he matched up so well with the great one.
beating nadal and federer, the two best clay court players at the time, no less.
yeah if like to hear more about this ... especially whether or not we'd get good coverage of the other majors. 
i think if he'd yet to win a major then people would be far kinder to him. he's been copping a lot of stick for his recent performances, i'm reading comments from people thinking that his best years are behind him.
&gt; would be nice if we could watch the previous day's games

you can some of them. if you go to the video tab and select tennis, you can get a certain amount of matches on demand. 


funnily enough, this is the only area in which they downgraded. it used to be their live streaming was hit and miss, but their on demand selection was much larger, clearly labelled and categorised per match and available for almost ever.   
now it's uploaded as chucks per day, fewer courts and only available for 7 days.

in regards to wimbledon, be sure to check whether eurosport has the broadcasts rights to it or not before you buy. it depends per country.
wow, thanks for the helpful reply, it is much appreciated! 
janowicz is a talent i dont hate him for playing dropshots, that his game, but really he has got awesome forehand and backhand that can hurt opponents, that is why i feel someone needs to tell him that, to not to overdo the dropshots, he is good enough without it, i hope he improves :)
yeah the french open crowd are notorious for being provocative, especially when there's a frenchman playing. not saying that makes flipping them off play, but something to remember. 
i'm not really a fan of kerber anymore since she pulled that stunt with the bad umpire call... so go genie bouchard!! #geniearmy
murray vs. kohschreiber isn't going to resume until at least 11:30 gmt, bum
true, especially in a wimbledon final.
even as a german i can´t stand her anymore. 
are they only partnering with roland garros or do they also have contracts with the other grand slams? 

edit: turns out it's a no &gt; http://admin.tennischannel.com/utilities/faq.aspx
i just looked it up, i had in my head pete had knocked henman out a hell of a lot but it was only 3 times.

2007 - lópez - 2nd round

2006 - federer - 2nd round

2005 - nieminen - 1st round

2004 - ančić - quarterfinal

2003 - grosjean - quarterfianl

2002 - hewitt - semifinal

2001 - ivanišević - semifinal

2000 - clement - round 16

1999 - **sampras** - semifinal

1998 - **sampras** - semifinal

1997 - stich - quarterfinal

1996 - tod martin - quarterfinal

1995 - **sampras** - 2nd round

1994 - prinosil - 1st round
a lot of people said nadal's best years were behind him. i'm not sure but it must be an imposter at number 1 in the world!
isner and berdych on first. it might be 11.30, it might be twenty past thirteen on the 33rd of neverember.
there came a time before when djokovic's mind was his main problem, too. 
yup agree with you but something tells me /u/nujabes4 hasn't been using a 90 for years :)
ideal scenario: murray makes short work of winning two games on the trot, and then gasquet starts going mental, wins two sets in a row and takes verdasco to a long drawn out decider


edit: murray! why on earth are you doing this to me, your service games are going way too far for my liking, verdascos back in the locker room and resting...you need to do the same!


10-9 up, 30-15 down, what a shot, scincillating


man, kohlschreibers playing brilliantly... ticks over past four hours...


two match points...finally! props to you kohlschreiber but thank god!
he probably has the laziest feet in the top 20 but he makes up for it with amazing strokes.  the racquet head speed he generates is incredible.
yeah, but ivanovic was world no. 1. now her mind's the problem. (it has also been her strength and weight, but she has that sorted now). her trajectory is not remotely similar to djokovic's pre-2010/2011. completely different situations, it's silly to compare them like that.
yes and karlovic could still win one as well. 
as a murray and gasquet fan that would be marvelous. 
holy shit, genie.
new to tennis, but correct me if i'm wrong. bouchard went into the australian open unseeded, but now she could potentially end up going into wimbledon with a top 8 ranking if she makes a semi at roland garros (which i'm sure sure she will)?
uh oh, girl power is in town, everybody. #yesallwomen
sorry i can't answer, but i would like to know how they determine rankings, like how many points do you get for a win and so forth.

edit: thanks guys
this may be wrong but a google suggests the following = http://grandslamgal.com/grand-slam-atp-rankings-points/
not sure how that will interact specifically with wimbledon as wimbledon establishes part of their rankings based on previous performance on grass. 
http://www.wtatennis.com/sewtatour-archive/rankings_stats/howrankingswork.pdf
if i remember correctly, bouchard was 30th seed at the australian open. bouchard could move up to world number 6 if she takes the title, so she won't be a top 5 seed at wimbledon this year.

edit: wimbledon's seeding system takes into account the grass court points of the previous two years as well as the players' total points. bouchard didn't play wimbledon 2012, and got to the third round last year. that won't be enough to become a top 5 seed.
monfils was really physically diminished at the end and fognini totally lost his mind, so we had one player who played one out of two points (and even zero during the fourth set, like if the ball was more than one meter away from him, he didn't try to get it) and the other who just throw the ball out of the court. sometimes it looked like it was the warm-up, with huge empty moments and then you saw a crazy point and everybody in the public stand up. very very weird, and fognini totally gave the match away.
the author casually mentions:

&gt;the aging curve for men’s tennis does appear to have shifted in the past few years

but then uses this: 

&gt;during the open era, winners have ranged from age 17 to 37.

to calculate how long nadal can be a grand slam contender for.
you can find the live rankings [here](http://live-tennis.eu/official-wta-ranking). she'll have to do more than win the qf to make the top 10. 
damn, you go genie!
murray is an excellent volleyer and rarely shanks an overhead, go back and watch his match from 2008 with nadal. 
today was a good day, already. not only did kerber receive ~~two~~ a breadstick~~s~~, but she had it delivered by genie. [oh yeah.](http://img.pandawhale.com/74110-oh-yeah-gif-obama-b86q.gif)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_edmondson and it's not even close
just accept that redditors are pieces of shit annie, it will help you deal with garbage posts like the one above a lot better
well...one breadstick and 6-2, but yeah.
is anyone else sick to death of all these "ever since january i've been a fan of wawrinka since the beginning of time" fair weather fans? here we have a dude getting downvoted for giving a legimitmate answer because people don't like it. he beat djokovic very impressively, then he lucked into a slam and he has barely been relevant since. it's a decent answer.
what happened?  i'm not familiar with this stunt   
berdych really returns the isner serve well.  for most players, the pace of shot off the ground is more than they can handle (say, isner or anderson), and yet, it's hard for him to move up because players like nadal and federer *can* handle his pace.
it's funny how berdych's team wears his shirt too.  looks like an effective way to advertise!
hantuchova was serving. kerber's return is called out even though it lands inside, hantuchova hits the ball back into play. umpire for some inexplicable reason gives the point to kerber at the end of all this, with kerber not only refusing to agree with hantuchova and moving to the other side of the court (even before the umpire's decision), then approaching the net and asking hantuchova to drop it and start playing.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip4b4otl-c0

hantuchova firmly voiced her grievances to no avail. a different player would probably have threatened to shove that ball down the umpire's throat, but daniela was very composed.

i don't know what's a bigger disgrace: the umpire's call or kerber's reaction.
well that's just unsporting, that's a shame. 
"alright, i think ive made a great vid for the roland garros channel. ive scoured all the men's and women's matches so far. ive found wonderful points, with a lot of variation. lobs, volleys, passing shots and great rallies. the sound is great- i love the sound of the rackets smashing into the ball, and the french crowd is always so exhilarating.

but something is missing... oh, i know! lets hit it with a latin beat!!"
berdych on federer-gulbis: "there's not much left to say about roger. i think he will use all of his magical weapons to take that match."
any idea as to why maria will be dropping by 4 ranks next week?
that's a miscalculation on the site's part. it'll be fixed by tomorrow, i'd think.
recent subscriber of this sub and recent fan of tennis overall as raonic and bouchard are getting better and i have someone to root for. what difference does it make to be a top 5 seed at wimbledon or any other tournament? do you get a free pass for some games? i thought that as long as you are top y, you just get invited everywhere and then it's up to your play to decide if you go far or not.
lol gasquet
she made the final of the french last year, and that site is showing the points if she were to lose in this round. she's defending a lot of points.
i thought i was watching a janowicz match. 
who is that really hot chick on gulbis' side?
the kohl/murray match is giving me an ulcer.
the top seeds don't get free passes at the grand slams, but in many other tournaments (but not all) they will. 

the seeds affect when you may face other seeded players. so in grand slams:

- if you are one of the 32 seeded players, you can't face another seeded player until the 3rd round. 
- if you are seeded in the top 16, you can't face another seeded player in the top 16 until the 4th round. 
- if you are seeded in the top 8, you can't face another seeded player in the top 8 until the 5th round (quarter-finals) 
- if you are seeded in the top 4, you can't face another seeded player in the top 4 until the 6th round (semi-finals)
- and if you are one of the the top 2 players, you can't face the other top 2 player until the final
eep, seems like verdasco picked up where he left off last night...that games gonna be a toughie should murray get through, this is too nervewracking
i thought her points had already been taken off. it's misleading to project her as falling out of the top 10 when she's still in the tournament.

thanks for the clarification.
yeah, maybe the last bit was a bit *too much* to ask...verdasco blew gasquet away
the truth hurts for some people. 
for the worst male to win a slam i think you guys are forgetting about petr korda
oh i see! thanks for your help!
video is private?
i watched him play jasper, and i watched joyce play toni. both in the round of 8.
worry not, stress doesn't cause ulcers. or are you taking a drink every time murray misses a first serve? 
if this murray-kohlschreiber match goes on any longer, you may as well give verdasco a bye!
commentators on eurosport just referred, believingly, to the youtube vid/ad of fed hitting a can off someone's head with a tennis ball in a tv studio.
stress causes ulcers. that md in my username, it stands for something.
murray just had surgery and hasn't had a coach, people should cut him some slack. 
stress aggravates ulcers, [but doesn't cause them](http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/peptic-ulcer/pages/treatment.aspx).
isner mahut still safe then.
since when is winning a masters title (against federer, no less) considered "barely relevant?" i mean i know everyone likes to have an opinion, but come on. stan would be a multiple slam winner at this point in his career if he had played in any other era. not to mention that he has an olympic gold medal and arguably the most potent backhand on tour. one bad tournament =/=  "worst player ever to win a major."
that andy murray though. 
the thing with ferrer is, he was always very good at beating people he was supposed to beat, but his record against the top 3 is quite weak. h2h with fed is like 15-0 or something, his grinding game just never looked dangerous vs fed or rafa. 

nalbandian, on the other hand, is much more up-and-down, but when he is on, my god is he on. that 2007(?) stretch with the back-to-back masters titles and fedal wins was quite the sight. sadly he just never managed to make it happen in the right week of the year.

now, if, say, nalbandian with his outrageous talent had the same mental fortitude as ferrer, thats a pretty safe recipe for picking up some slams. 

murray celebrated that win with more emotion than any of the tournaments he's ever won.

comes right after smacking lendl with a ball at the charity event at queens last year.
thanks, that sounds hilarious!
59 games in that murray match, i don't understand how you can be that fit to play those shots after the equivalent of 10 bagel sets
h. pylori is the *main* cause of gastric ulcers, not the *only* cause. now duodenal ulcers are a different story. so tell me, do steroids still cause ulcers? because if they still do, then so does stress. stress is both a standalone independent cause, and an aggrevator of ugi ulcers.
his sister. 
i'm going to defer to my own health care system on this one. the majority of studies suggest stress doesn't initiate ulceration, so you're in the minority here(although i'm not questioning the validity of the basis for your opinion).
that set point for roger was brilliantly executed. he watched that play in slow motion in his mind 15 second before it happened. 
what a passing shot by federer to win the first set!
rumours say that philipoussis didn't have a professional enough lifestyle to become a grand slam champion. 
that comes after the comedia dell'arte he played 4 years ago.
he has 0 respect from the crowd anymore.
it was a tough match to be honest, and his longest ever final set in terms of games played.

it's also the first 5 set thriller since his back operation so there was probably a feeling of finally getting something like this at a grand slam. he knows he wasn't playing anywhere near his best, yet came through a match he should of probably lost when he couldn't properly hold serve after breaking.
kvitova's amazing ability to go 3 sets in so many of her matches!
truly well done. im most impressed by the fake net approach. he waited just long enough to confuse gulbis, then a wicked passing shot to seal it.
nope
the french always seem to cheer for the underdog. 
kevin curren made it to ao finals 1984 and wimbledon finals 1985. 
i don't agree here. petr had the touch. a great player. 
everything is better with a latin beat. /s
i mean the one behind his coach and stuff.
&gt;but you can't be fat and have a career into your early 30s. 

well, again tell that to lindsay davenport or marion bartoli.  we can quibble about how to define "fat", but both of those women were overweight by most any measure, and both had sterling careers, with davenport being a multiple slam winner.
federer and gulbis exchanging breaks like i'm watching the wta.
because she will be dropping the 1300 ranking points from last year's roland garros final. she has a chance of staying in the top 10 if she makes the semis, and if she makes it back to the final she may improve her ranking depending on the results of others.
i had to go to work yesterday at 3-6, 6-3, 3-2, got home at 11:15 pm and watched 2 more hours to find out it was delayed at 7-7. now i have work at 9 this morning, so of course i had to wake up at 6:30 am to make sure i caught the rest of it. if andy hadn't won there'd probably be a mug through the tv screen
i believe you're looking up "peptic ulcers" when you should be looking up "stress ulcers". *many* of our gastric ulcer patients have negative h. pylori cultures. stress causes gastric ulcers, albeit in different locations than h. pylori ulcers. now a tennis match won't cause you to get a stress ulcer, no matter how nail-bitting it is. that was an exaggeration meant to convey the tight nature of the match. however, a patient with severe burns will have enough stress to get a gastric ulcer, regardless whether or not he has h. pylori; it's a different disease.
that's his other sister.. they're huge tennis fans. 
murray's worst quality is his second serve
are there any stats regarding consolidating breaks? gulbis must be one of the worst. ive watched so many matches where he breaks, only to be immediately broken back because of a bad service game.
is it fake? i thought the answer was never given. 
they aren't now
true but tim was only really consistent at wimbledon, his other slams were a bit all over the place at the time. he only reached the semi-finals at the french &amp; us open (ironically in the same year 2004).

i love tim more than most people, he had a fantastic serve &amp; volley, he also had a great game in him with some of his shot selection, but he would often be mediocre at other grand slams (3r average at aus, 4r at french, qf at wimbledon, 3r at us open) and for a player who wants to win grand slams, they need to be consistently in and around the quarters at each of the slams or at least 3 of them.

it is actually a shame that in 2001 we didn't have a roof at wimbledon, because that match against ivanišević should have been his, he played some of his best tennis that match, and came up against an opponent who was in the form of his life with his weapon of serving like he did.
they are like 16 and 19, the person i'm talking about is a bit older than that
what did gulbis just say to his box?
"praying mantis stance not working"
when people talk about stress giving them ulcers, they're typically talking about peptic ones when they're otherwise healthy. to my understanding stress ulcers only occur when your body is seriously ill/injured.

this lingering misconception about stress-related ulcers is something doctors should be trying to stamp out, as it makes people ignore the real underlying causes of their condition.  
murray's arguably the best volleyer in the top 10, probably second to roger. i'd say djokovic's overhead is definitely his worst shot. 
i don't [know](http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130501204015/alienfilm/images/e/e8/i_want_to_believe.png) for sure either. that's why it's interesting to me that they're coming down on a particular side.
when people are talking about stress giving them ulcers, they're talking about getting heartburn and gastritis, which **stress does cause**.
come on fed!!!!
i'm not disputing the role of stress in those conditions. my point is that people with peptic ulcers often attribute them to stress, which diverts them from the root causes they should be dealing with(e.g. alcohol consumption). 
roger's anger at failing to end this set is really getting to his strokes. rightfully so, that was one easy overhead with a wide empty court and at set point.
well that was unexpected. 
when we treat patients with peptic ulcers, we don't just treat the cause -be it alcohol or h. pylori-, but we also address the aggrevators, and that includes stress. that's why stress and ulcers are linked -rightfully so- in patients' minds. now stress is an undesirable thing, unlike alcohol, so patients wll tend to attribute the ulcer to factors they'd like to get rid of, like stress, and not alcohol.
as far as i know it's real, but he had like 50 tries. they edited the video to make it look like he made the first one.
edit: here is my source: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmfkjj-m7r4. 
maybe we can watch 4 tiebreaks and a long fifth set. 
handing over your broken racquet? that's a new thing. the applause after the booing was quite funny.
lol gulbis just curbstomped his racquet
thankfully doctors can clarify all these issues during a consultation. but many would-be patients put off going for advice(especially men), and that's when the misconception can be dangerous.

anyway, this exchange is giving me an ulcer. i trust yours has eased with the conclusion of the murray match. 
it is funny but it's such an ugly shirt.
no.. you're forgetting about his half sister regina gulbis.. she's like 27.. said to be the biggest tennis fan of all the gulbis sisters.
berdych has his hitting partner stand on a chair so he can practice returning isner's serve- obviously very effective!
if roger loses this tie breaker, he'll beat himself so hard over this overhead at set point, he'll probably lose the third.
the gull strikes back
2 blonde women with their hair in the same style, both wearing visors, similar dresses in identical colours (different manufacturers though). 

genie is the one with the pink highlights on her shoes and the peach coloured visor, angie is white shoes/visor. that's about the only way you can tell em apart on the full court camera.
federer just hit a ridiculous flick bh in fifth point tiebreak. 

ended up losing it. gulbis playing very well and wouldn't be surprised if this goes to 5.
just ended set 2 with another tie-break. such an exciting close game!
the french are the worst when it comes to supporting their compatriots. cheering for double faults, and booing when the umpire is asked for a ruling. 
crowd seems to be cheering for federer a lot. i hope that doesn't get into gulbis head too much.
i dunno what the fuck happened. after federer got ahead in the 2nd set and gulbis looked like he was mentally gone i tuned out, now it's 1 set all.

set got interesting.
what's the bloody point, then? if you're willing to do it 50 times you might as well fake the thing. 
who is airing the federer-gulbis match in the us? i can't find it on espn or nbc, and streamhunter's eurosport feed switched to bicycle racing after the 2nd set ended. wtf, eurosport?
gullbeast
tennis channel. and it's [still](http://live.drakulastream.eu/static/popups/2226681291365420.html) on eurosport.
nothing
too many ufes for roger. this is slipping away on his own racket
hurray!   the bitch is gone!  (context: to those who didn't see hantuchova vs kerber, kerber did some pretty nasty gamesmanship.)
my school has hindsdale in our sectional so state is basically not an option for us, they don't even warm up when they have to play..
i'm picking gulbis here.
gulbis is playing at a very high level right now. 
gulbis is such a huge ass-hat.  it's annoying to see despicable people enjoy success, and the announcers are practically bowing down to him right now.
this guy is a jerk. tennis is a sport for gentlemen, not spoiled babies who think they're bad boys.
yeah he's definitely not too shabby at the net for sure.
and got a warning. what are french open rules on racket breaking?
gull giving the goat a hard time.
too many unforced errors from fed, and his shot placement doesn't seem like he's thinking them through like he usually does.
i was just glad monfils won. fognini and his antics have worn on me and i'm not really interested in watching him play anymore. 
tournament's over now for roger. even if he pulls out the w, a 5-setter this early is a death sentence.
just tuned in half an hour ago so i missed it, but whatever he did, he needs to do it some more.
that's the french for you.  
i...kinda liked it :/
welp.
they are now.
i feel like people overrate ferrer a bit. yes he is always ranked high, but that is due in large part to playing a hell of a lot of tournaments and not getting injured (which is incredible if you think about it, and a testament to his fitness). however, talent-wise he is clearly a notch below guys like berdych. the main weakness in his game is his serve. with his limited height and reach there's only so much he can do unfortunately. (iirc his return games won % is consistently as good or better than guys like djokovic, murray, nadal and blows federer out of the water.)

with his extreme fitness and effort level he probably could have been a world-class soccer player.
gulbis is the least fuck-dispensing player on the tour. it won't.
nice call, that's exactly what happened.
fed seems to be struggling to make gulbis disappear at the moment...
if gulbis keeps his head he's got this
tennis channel commentators are ready to suck gulbis off right now
bingo, it was a huge confidence boost. and it was needed, we should see him really being close to his best from now on.
now that he's ahead two sets, momentum will favor gulbis for the fourth in an already close contest. federer seems to have lost motivation and ~~won't develop enough to make up for gulbis' surge in momentum. *sigh*~~

edit: roger federer lives up to his name and takes it to a fifth.
agreed.  it will take a herculean effort by federer at this point to win in 5.  that second set overhead will most likely haunt him.
and you'd imagine that 10 bagel sets would be easier, considering the dominance you'd have to have to achieve that result.
what did she do? 
watching his backhand either shank, or hit the net over and over again, i'm slowly beginning to believe that fed is about to lose his incredible 9 year quarterfinal streak at the french..
it was still incredibly sexist.
in general, breaking a racquet is considered racquet abuse. 
i hate his guts but he's playing a mighty fine tennis match. there's no denying that. 
fed with the break in the 4th, two of my favorite players decking it out but i can't help but root for fed.
the french are so weird. so gulbis hangs around on the court for two seconds (rightfully so, federer himself thought it might be in), and he immediately gets loudly booed. i mean i know they're the same crowd that booes american palm d'or winners at cannes, but gotta admire their consistency.
raonic is looking really good early on against granollers. he looks focused on reaching his first slam quarter! 11 of the first 12 points for him.
bouchard has the skill and composure to win a major. only a matter of time. back 2 back qf in major's for her and she's only 20. 
gulbis is either looking slightly fatigued or disinterested. a lot of dumb errors over those last two games... including walking to his chair at 15-40 having thought he was broken. 
i feel like the bh passing shot from kohlschreiber last night at 6-7 in the 5th deserves an honorable mention, that shit was ridiculous.

can't link now, on mobile. 
i get the reference 
yeah being a female trainee is tough since they have to focus on their children!
fed - gulbis match is nothing short of a trainwreck. the federer ship is sinking fast in 2014. 
that time-out gulbis took is annoying. completely reset momentum when he was about to lose the set.
the reason was he was shit. he lost to ivanisevic ffs 
what the hell, federer hasn't won a point since gulbis returned from the locker room.
federer pls
good link. thanks.

here's the important bit:  existing tennis channel plus live tennis tournaments includes:

may 2014

*    french open - first eight days from five courts.

june 2014

*    aegon international, eastbourne - atp
*    gerry weber open, halle - atp
*    aegon championship, london - atp
*    topshelf open, s'hertogenbosch - wta

july 2014

*    skistar swedish open, bastad - atp
*    collector swedish open, bastad - wta
*    claro open, bogota - atp
*    credit agricole suisse open, gstaad - atp
*    bet-at-home cup, kitzbuhel - atp
*    vegeta croatia open, umag - atp
*    mercedes cup, stuttgart - atp
*    baku cup, baku - wta
*    hungarian grand prix, budapest - wta

september 2014

*    malaysian open, kuala lumpur - atp
*    moselle open, metz - atp
*    guangzhou open, guangzhou - wta
*    challenge bell, quebec city - wta
*    korea open, seoul - wta
*    tashkent open, tashkent - wta

october 2014

*    kremlin cup, moscow - atp
*    if stockholm open, stockholm - atp
*    erste bank open, vienna - atp
*    bgl bnp paribas luxembourg open, luxembourg - wta

january 2015

*    brisbane international, brisbane - atp
*    heineken open, auckland - atp
*    asb classic, auckland - wta
*    aircel chennai open, chennai - atp
*    apia international, sydney - atp
*    hobart international, hobart - wta
*    pattaya open, pattaya - wta
*    shenzhen open, shenzhen - wta

february 2015

*    copa claro, buenos aires - atp
*    open 13, marseille - atp
*    us national indoor championship, memphis - atp
*    open sud de france, montpellier - atp
*    royal fuard open chile, vina del mar - atp
*    pbz zagreb indoors, zagreb - atp
*    abierto mexicano telco, acapulco - wta
*    copa claro colsanitas, bogota - wta
*    rio open, rio de janeiro - wta

april 2015

*    brd nastease tiriac trophy, bucharest - atp
*    grand prix hassan ii, casablanca - atp
*    fayez sarofim &amp; co men's clay championship, houston - atp
*    bnp paribas katowice open, katowice - wta
*    grand prix sar la princesse lalla meryem, marrakech - wta
*    abierto monterrey, monterrey - wta

live davis cup, fed cup, and hopman cup all year long.

*schedule subject to change.
that medical timeout by gulbis was pretty brilliantly timed too, i must say.
roger flashing some anger, after his ball was out on set point.  roger to the linesman:  "i can't hear shit, speak up!"  
oh thank you goat
does roger celebrate and complain in different languages?
man, fed looks like he doesn't have any weapons except the serve and the net game. 
bagel set equivalents are kind of a strange measurement of tennis match time. 
herculean effort: achieved.
disappointed in gulbis for taking an mto that was obviously designed to put federer off. also kind of disappointing that federer let it go to his head. 
apart from the fact that he's 35, ranked no. 37 and hasn't beaten one of the big three since 2008?
he needs to bring variety into his shots. going into long baseline rallies with gulbis is not working out for him cause it eventually results in a ufe
well, he still has to win this 5th set, but he's cleared one of the hurdles for sure.
not yet, don't jinx it.
and there goes the match
he's mad as fuck about the gulbis "boring" comment.
kerber hit a ball that was initially called out and hantuchova hit it back.  the ref then checked the mark, called it in, and wrongly awarded the point to kerber.  hantuchova started arguing that it should be replayed because she hit the ball back and wasn't the one who ended the point.  kerber told her to stop arguing and said "this is the game" and went to the baseline to return on the side as if she had won the point.
down 3-0 in the 5th...well that was disappointing. 
federer's backhand is a fucking liability.
it now seems like it's more about him being physically tired and less about motivation and beating himself over the 2nd...etc.
there is almost no threat of a backhand down the line. he really needs that 
stanimal needs to give fed backhand lessons
so... up to this point in the season, federer's gs performance is worse than in 2013.
i wonder if federer will announce his retirement on wimbledon. juggling 4 kids and a career is really not easy. 
no it's not. he made it to ao sfs this year as opposed to ao qfs last year.
i don't see a victory in federer's future
nalbandian's masters runs are among the most impressive masters runs of all time, no disagreement from me there.

but i think a lot of the nalbandian love comes from the thinking of "remember how amazing he looked for those two tournaments?  he's the best player this generation without a slam", and i think that's a naive look at the overall picture.  nalbandian *never* finished a year in the top-5 despite peaking in some of the atps thinnest years when guys like johansson and gaudio were winning slams.

and even though nalbandian was a world beater in those two masters wins, davydenko won even more masters titles and had some similarly impressive results.  in 2009 shanghai, davydenko beat djokovic in the sfs, then nadal in the finals.  in the 2008 sony open, davydenko beat roddick in the sfs, then nadal in the finals.

as for comparing nalbandian to ferrer, ferrer's numbers on paper are better across the board except for nalbandian's 1 other masters win and tour championship.  and i think what that comes down to is how you compare the tour around 2010 (when ferrer started peaking) to 2002 (when nalbandian started peaking).  to me it's no contest ... people forget that nalbandian's relevance basically ended in 2008.  when he had those great masters runs, djokovic was a 20yo in the top 10 for the first time ... rafa was a 21yo who hadn't won a slam outside the french yet ... delpo was a teenager who hadn't made it past the 2nd round at a slam.  beating all three in succession then beating federer in the finals looks superhuman on paper today, but at the time it was a lot more believable.

ferrer's peak didn't overlap with federer's nearly as much, but he did have to face a prime nadal, djokovic, murray, and a still really good fed and delpo.  and despite all that competition, ferrer has still finished in the top-5 three consecutive years.
anyone know the last time roger won in 5? he seems really tired. barely running to get in position for his bhs.
he made it to ao sfs last year as well
federer just looks...old. it's rather sad. 
confidence plays more of a part in fed's game more than anyones i think. when he's feeling it, he's epic, as we all saw in the last decade or so, but right now it just kinda pains you to watch if you're a fan.
yeah, you're right. nevermind.
those late night nappy changes... seriously though i don't remember either... 

edit: i think he played a 5 setter against tsonga in qf aus open last year before losing to murray in 5
roger not attacking gulbis' fh enough? 
yeah his body languish just reeks the lack of it
how do trash players like granollers make it so far into a grand slam. this is such a piece of cake for raonic
raonic is getting in some insane shots. 
mute it and listen to radio roland garros!
the guy with the can on his head must've been terrified the previous 49 times.
if gulbis wins this match, i'm going to be pissed.

edit: i'm pissed.
i think 80% of this sub will be
gulbis :) 
roger's probably planning for the grass season already. he's well loved by the fo crowd but he's not much of a favorite esp this year. but, allez-y, roger. 
you keep dreaming that ferrer is going to win a slam, it's not going to happen, kid. he's 32. he's finally starting to show signs of aging having gone through a fair amount of injuries over the last six months. yes he made a final of a major last year, it was because djokovic and nadal got paired on the same half of the bracket because a nadal was out for close to a year. that's not going to happen again, at least not anytime soon. and outside of garros ferrer has no chance at all of winning a slam. 
   
ferrer would need the equivalent of another hail mary pass just to make another major final never mind having to beat nadal, djokovic, murray or the like in three out of five sets. 
well, you're not gonna be happy.
lol
oh federer ;-(
gulbis doesn't even deserve that win, piece of shit.

edit: fuck off, i'm a pissed federer fan. christ.
i'm actually happy
fuck roger! 
haters will hate.
i wonder why roger didn't use his inside-out fh if he knows gulbis will keep attacking his bh side? 
," said the gigantic phantom menace fan about cgi everything.
no style points on the scoreboard
yup. djoker vs rafa confirmed. 
well, apparently you *can* call someone a boring cunt and still manage to beat them. regardless of what you think of the guy, he really did well.
early federer exits seem so wrong :(
i think its just more extreme...
yeah, he's clearly using his head.  in the past i'd call that a douche move, but now looking after one's own mental composure is medical too.  in basketball and football, coaches use time outs in this way too.
to keep things in perspective, even if fed had pulled out a win, this quality of play would've got him wrecked by berdych. so at least there's that.
i dream ferrer's going to win a slam? that's weird, i have no memory of doing so. i said he could, not that i thought he would.
monfils has a great chance at winning rg2014, now that federer is out. 
what is is this stuff about "deserving" wins? you either do or you don't.
why would he be mad as fuck about a comment gulbis made a year ago, which wasn't even solely directed at federer?
he would have to beat nadal and djokovic 
i am **not happy** 
how about them potatoes?
djoker has to get through tsonga, raonic, berdych, as his fan i'm concerned far from confirmed. 
there's no guarantee he would've played like this against berdych though. he's played well this year for the most part.
granollers man.
because his personality is that of an asshole.
[because it works!](https://proverbsandbiz.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/fantasia_mickey_magic_broom_wallpaper_-_1024x768.jpg)
man. we might be getting close to retirement time for the goat. 
why does that matter?  
and you've said it before in this same subreddit, thus the reference. the guy needed all the luck in the world to win a single masters never mind a major. 
i think he's mad about hitting that overhead straight at gulbis in the second's set point. 
who gives a damn he beat the goat like he said he would
and rafa needs to get through the mighty d lajovic. 
saltier than the dead sea. i guess mcenroe didn't deserve to win any grand slams either, huh?
no i haven't. and once again, i'm not saying i think he's going to, i'm saying it's technically still possible. :-)
oooh roger :(

well, now it's on tsonga to save the day..
to advertise what exactly, we will never know. (h&amp;m doesn't make tennis clothes)
someone made a youtube compilation of his forehand form in the last 3 years iirc and yes, the current fh sadly lacks the aesthetic quality. he started out with a usual form though. 
you shut your whore mouth

:c
i am the 20%.  
also, i loved how gulbis apologized to federer fans after the match :)
i find it funny.
that was federer's to lose, and he did. it was about the most unenthusiastic match i've ever seen him play.
i switched to federer's match immediately after the point. gut a video for the rare outpouring of emotions? 
you must be a blast at parties.
he got into an argument 2 years ago with an umpire. roger was talking in english and the umpire was conversing in french. it was amusing to witness. 
damn gulbis you crazy
that's why i didn't mind fognini flipping them off. the french crowd made hingis cry, sharapova freak out, etc. they're doing something disrespectful for sure.
ugly? effective?
i already said this somewhere else. bresnik made him change the technique because he used to hit the forehand so well that he didnt move anymore because he could hit it from every position. but of course when it gets tight this leads to faults. 
http://imgur.com/djuxfs7 
it was fake, no one was going to wait for him to try it out 50 times in order to film a commercial. cgi, like all those ronaldinho videos with him hitting the bar 15 times in a row without the ball falling on the ground.
delpo is too busy hurting the rest of his body for his legs to get worn out.
frankly i think murray was very fortunate that this match didn't conclude yesterday 
anyone see a link available?  i tried finding one for the mmoh match (he was on court 5) but no luck.

tiafoe playing now.  everyone else listed i believe has already played and won.  we'll get rubin-halys and luz-fritz second round.
i doubt it. he's taken quite an interest in the davis cup this year, so i think he'll want to see that through.
i hate how such a massive douche can have such gorgeous game to watch. 
what do you mean? i think he showed more emotion here than he did in the period of 2006-2009... he has showed more emotion the later years, if thats what you mean?
i'd just say his serve, not that his first serve is *bad* but sometimes his first serve percentage can be pretty awful. 
naw man, he keeps talking of doing something in the rio olympics
i'm a federer fan through and through but gulbis has been my second favorite ever since he pushed nadal to 3 sets on clay a few years ago, so either way i was happy with the result. i don't expect fed to win a 2nd roland garros.
*sigh*

this thread again…
what's this about potatoes?
i'm impressed that you have a positive comment karma :)
i think she was too pre-occupied with having children. i believe the order is children first, sandwich second, then trainee third 
vs simon 4r fo
and there was so much angle on that crosscourt bh
ana why :(
tsonga fella what are you playing at?
rios, nalbandian, philippoussis, or davydenko. also it's sad seeing davydenko not be able to win matches on a consistent basis anymore. 2009 felt like it was just yesterday....
and kerber is lefty and bouchard a righty 
tsonga getting steamrolled
and he's talking about rio?
novak is destroying tsonga...i want novak to win but i wanted the match to at least be competitive :( 
no gtfo 
i'd put lajovic slightly ahead of granollers. nadal is an outside chance of winning. 
let's just wait for the grass and hard court season. 
there's never been a question about gulbis' talent, only the wiring in his head.  he has the skills to beat anyone on a given day, it's just a question of whether his head gets in the way.
raonic has just caused a huge upset, taking out granollers in an epic 3 setter. if monfils can get past lajovic, then the title is his for the taking. 
went for a shower while they were warming up, come back to djoker serving for the set at 5-1.

da fuq?
i'm looking forward to the sharapova vs stosur match coming up. if maria can win this match she is a heavy favorite to win the title. 
djokovic's bhdtl is on fire today. poor tsonga. 
i'm missing it. care to explain?
the best shot ive seen all week was the 'round the post' shot in the kunetsova kvitova match yesterday, and it doesn't even show it in the highlights of the match!
gulbis made some sexist comments about women should be playing tennis because they have house work to do 
raonic finally making that breakthrough!
i guess i'm the only one who likes his forehand.
kinda sad really. i wanted this to be an interesting match. tsonga failing hard in front of a home crowd
outside of ferrer nadal and djoker. who would you guys say is the best clay courtier left?
a. murray v. p. kohlschreiber 2014 french open men's r3 highlights - youtube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nthn8q4dsok


2.06 if you're using res.

as a side, the return of serve that won the match was amazing.
it's not falling hard if you're playing djokovic or nadal on clay. 
man, he's not even giving tsonga a chance here. have pity. 
oo hadn't heard that. that's awesome i want him to win another wimbledon title before that. 
go look at his ufe count
djok has been pretty surgical so far. tsonga seems to have woken up a bit in the second set though. 
what is he doing, i was rooting for tsonga but there's not much hope here
edmondson became a decent player after that, take out his slam and gaudio's slam and they end up around the same peak.

i'm not sure some of those 70's australian opens and french opens should count though ... when edmondson won, none of the top-8 players in the world were playing, and the #1 seed was a 41 year old rosewall lol
come on tsonga! give us a good match!
edit: pretty disappointed
everyone is saying novak is destroying tsonga. i disagree, djokovic is playing well but tsonga is destroying himself. he's missing so many shots
probably berdych . he had beaten novak on clay before and gave nadal a hard time.
thank you. exactly. djokovic is playing as he normally does. its just that tsonga has brought nothing to the table. he thinks he's playing a boys singles first round match. 

this is why i absolutely despise players like tsonga. they either destroy the opponent or fall apart entirely. zero consistency. 
but after that, he could face anderson, ferrer, murray, garcia-lopez, or monfils.
he could be on the match i his life and he wouldn't destroy djokovic. in fact, id say novak still wins. 
hurry up and lose already tsonga you piece of trash. this guy doesn't deserve to be called one of the top players. 

pisses me off to see shit like this make it this far into the tournament while players like federer and murray have to work their asses off. 
he did a superb job today, some of the shots he made were worthy of any #1 seed player. raonic has some good momentum. 
djokovic is not even out of first gear. 
tsonga is just getting railed today. 
35 unforced errors to 13 winners in 2 sets. epic performance 
but when he is on its a joy to watch .example: tsonga vs nadal 2008 ao
sure but it happens once every 15 tournaments. i have trouble rooting for people like that.

but i respect players like garcia lopez. beats wawrinka, fine. but he is continuing to play well. he's not pulling a rosol or stakhovsky
murray's head. biggest head case i've ever seen.
in other news, stosur has broken sharapova!  hope she can consolidate and go a set up
that was boring...
at least raonic won, i'm rooting for him. 
was hoping for tsonga to make it at least competitive, but he rolled over for djokovic there :(

a bit disappointed with that match. no life no buzz either.
as a tsonga supporter that was a hard match to watch
i was not expecting a total curbstomp either but wow, tsonga just did not have much in the tank. the second set it looked like he might be waking up a bit, but that did not last long at all. 
http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/rafaroger__opt.jpg
bouchard generates crazy power with her shots, it seems to come out of nowhere.
as a canadian i want to root for him but i can't get past the net incident. 
raonic taking out granollers isn't an upset at all.
eeh. i mean, it was his first time in that situation. yeah, he didn't handle it well, but he *did* apologise to delpo and other than that one incident, i've always had the utmost respect for him on court.
kind of an indefensible point to make. if hantuchova had won, it could be equally argued that the incident pumped her up. 
what net incident?

i am more worried about raonic than berdych (likely to meet him in semis unless gulbis has other ideas). djokovic found it really tough to break raonic's serve in rome. 


stosur is a beast.
sharapova is so hot
that was just one mistake. he apologized after many times as well and fully admitted it was a mistake. everyone screws up sometimes. 
here's a shoutout to nadal fans who said fed would beat djoker in the semi-finals. lol
come on, sam, you can do this!
how does a comment calling a player 'bitch' get upvoted...? seriously. 
he lost it last year at wimbledon.

its not kerbers fault the umpire made that decision. once the decision is made, there is no point in arguing anymore. 
i agree with you in that, *on average*, ferrer plays at a higher level than nalbandian. however, nalbadian was more of a safin-type player, displaying flashes of brilliance followed by slumps. at his best, nalbandian could beat any body anywhere--he just never got hot at the right time. ferrer's ceiling, on the other hand, hasn't been sufficient to really break through. because of that, i have to give the edge to nalbandian in the "who should've won a major" category.
yeah, the same ivanisevic that went on to win the tournament that year.
&gt;“sorry i had to win. i know how everyone likes roger. it was a tough match, but this is sport.”

really cool guy.

press conference: [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vexf4bl4fl4)
gulbis is gong to beat djoker in the semi, and then going to be an "injured" rafa in the final.
dude is sicilian, what else would you expect?
oh hai sharapova nice of you to show up 1.5 sets in to this match.
http://tennishighlights.eu/

this my site to go, youtube is terrible for roland garros highlights.
he got sick right after hitting his prime. if he had kept his level up for 2-3 more years, it would have surprised me if he didn't win at least one major.
if you cannot beat ivanisevic you do not deserve to win wimbledon :|. same goes for rafter that year. i friggin love goran as well but henman really blew it in that semi 
&gt; with his extreme fitness and effort level he probably could have been a world-class soccer player.

that's a really good thought. i have to agree.
sharapova seems to have shifted gears here.
[more like...](http://retardmedia.com/uploads/2008/04/2008-04-04-22.jpg)
she has the mentality (i.e. she's very smart and can read plays quite well) and the physique, but not the perseverance. i feel at many times that she's not enjoying the game, and is treating it more like "a job".

edit: i'm a canadian strong supporter of genie since she was a junior. not sure why i came off as a hater. she does spend a lot of time in interviews talking about how tough the lifestyle is, how she's not a fan of the constant travelling all year round...etc, but that's just part of "what you gotta do". anyway i couldn't be any happier for her and if it were up to me, i'd have her (and ivanovic) win all the slams every year.
sharapovas grunt is annoying. 
ever heard of sportsmanship before?
its better than azarenka's that sounds like a child mimicking a ghost
by pure points, yes. but in the 2013 ao, he barely beat tsonga then lost fairly badly to murray (won two tiebreaks, lost three sets by breaks). in the 2014 ao, he dominated tsonga and murray then lost to longtime achilles heel nadal. 

not to mention that converting that overhead set point in the second set against gulbis probably would've led to him winning in straights, or four at the most. 

it's too bad that 2013 was the bad year. even though murray was better then, i bet 2014 fed would beat 2013 murray, and then we could've had my favorite, a fed-djoker final.
i don't know about azarenka, but i read somewhere that sharapova gave out a 100-decibel mega-shriek at wimbledon, 100 db being the equivalent of a car honking right in your ear. that's how annoying she is.

apparently, azarenka's is 83.5 db. that makes her as loud as a vacuum cleaner. 
why is there so much sharapova hate on here?
love her or hate her, maria sharapova is absolutely bloody remarkable.
yes maria!
muguruza looks a little like ivanovic... and sounds a little like sharapova
she had me on my feet much of that third set. what a turn around.
this is normal for tennis.

they are trained to be "under the radar" and to not get involved at all. especially at grand slam events. to do so could potentially players off their game and so forth.
she really is. she just oozes talent and diligence. i read somewhere that she got herself very strong physically for this tournament, and it shows.
if you watched the match, she was playing poorly, stosur was playing excellently, and in the middle of the second set it looked like she was on her way out. then, out of nowhere, boom! 9 games on the trot. 

these kind of performances have defined her career. looks down and out, and somehow manages to pull it off. time and time again. 
she showed up like a nuclear bomb in the third set.
stosur totally lost it after sharapova asked her to wait in between her first and second serves. credit to sharapova though, she took advantage of it.
dammit stosur.
from what i can find on google, neither federer nor gillette has ever confirmed one way or the other. there's a lot of speculation out there, but that's what every claim i can find on it is - speculation.
i love the way muguruza plays. she gets people so off balance by just hitting bombs straight at them down the center 
and i was making the point that what's remarkable is that she does it time and time again. you just can't count her out.

either way, reeling off 9 straight games is pretty remarkable regardless. 
i don't expect him to beat djokovic but i hope he can take a set or two!
thanks for the info that makes a lot more sense now! i seriously have no clue about tennis but i'm airing the french open at work (tv station). and am trying to learn and that kept bugging me, maybe you can explain the scores at the bottom left from previous sets as well: /
add kerber to the list of people like raonic and justine henin, people who i can never support because of bad sportsmanship.
stosur is a completely different player than kerber. especially at the french, where she has beaten the likes of jankovic, henin, and serena. all in the same tournament. so it was no easy task what sharapova did.

just accept that she won and move on. no need to diminish her accomplishment.
i like seeing a good quality game. the tsonga v djokovic match was pretty abysmal today. it is not any fun to see one opponent get totally slain even if it is your favorite player doing the slaying. i sure hope raonic puts up a better fight. 
lol not in madrid open tho. all the ball "girls" are actually models and i'm pretty sure some of them are in their 20's, it is hard to "keep them under the radar".
seriously. her forehands the last half of the match was night and day compared to the first half.
to put things in perspective, murray got further into a clay tournament than federer
dirty tricks from gulbis with mto before rogers service game, breaking his momentum so that he gets broken. disgusting.
surprised no one is talking more about this. it was so obvious, and in the end it worked.
https://www.youtube.com/user/atpworldtour
*example:*

1 | 3 | 15

2 | 4 | 30

the above format is: # of sets | # of games | # of points. in tennis, the game is split into sets. generally, the match is either a best of 3 sets, or best of 5 sets (5 here in the aussie open mens singles). to win a set, you have to win 6 games (can go to a tie breaker if the score is 6-5, because you have to win the set by two games). and finally, a "game" is a series of points. your points start at 0 (known as "love"), 1 point pushes your score to 15, another pushes it to 30, then 40. if you're at 40 and the opponent is 30 or below, your next point wins you the current game. if you're both at 40 (known as "deuce"), then you keep playing until someone wins by 2 points. i think that covers the basis.
he will trash any of those in three sets. 
he seemed pretty genuine about taking the timeout. 
precisely. not your everyday occurrence. 
because context?
richard krajicek
ever heard of djokovic vs dmitrov?
to give you perspective, that was 6 years ago!  i think he has reached his peak and gone past it a little. 
i didn't see his whole statement on women and tennis but after watching this i am pretty sure it was sarcasm.
federer has always struggled after long matches in recent times (tsonga in the french last year, against nadal this year and so on). asking a 33 year old to do wonders after a 5 setter against a top10 player is asking for too much unfortnately
it seems like tennis channels on youtube get banned quite frequently, so the cool channels you find today may be gone tomorrow. i used to subscribe to about 3 or so channels, but they all died or stopped updating.

i recently found "tennis hd" on youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/themanhaut/videos --but i suspect it won't last long either. it doesn't have any french open content, but it has full matches for smaller tournaments (including the ones leading up to roland garros)

i actually visit /r/tennis in part because people tend to post good highlights from unofficial channels (official channels tend to provide highlights that are too short).
i think the british media treat him like ass and give him a really bad rep. personally, i think murray's best years are ahead of him. i hope he wins 5 or more slams or so. 
you have weird taste.
different tournaments have different approaches.
as much as he has said some controversial things in recent days - whether sincere or not - he is a legend in interviews. the one where he said the headset fulfilled his childhood dream of being a pilot had me in stitches!
i swear that dmitrov is a walking, talking highlight reel
it's like that verdasco match at last year's wimbledon. 
solderling 2.0 
personality wise he reminds me of ronnie o'sullivan and i like the guy being around. i'm not going to delve into whether he is right or wrong but of all the "big 4" i feel like nadal is most likely a genuinely nice quiet guy and not putting anything on for politics. 
unfair to claim something you don't know with any certainty. gulbis was clutching his lower back earlier in the match. during the post-match presser, he said he was trying not to call a timeout since he doesn't like to take them, but that the area the worked on had torn in the past. hard to blame losing 3 sets out 5 on one medical timeout. it's part of the rules. if fed let it get to his head, that's on him.
surprisingly, he actually doesn't have a very good 5 set record. 22-18, #131 on all-time list.
yeah, sometimes he has a wobbily.
few scoreboards show how much sets the players have won, instead showing the score of the previous sets.
serving | player | set #1 | set #2 | points
:-:|:-|:-:|:-:|:-:
 |gul|6|3|15
*|fed|7|5|40

it means that fed is serving right now, that the first set ended at 7/6 to fed, the second one is being won by 5/3 by fed and the current game is at 40/15.

remember that, if you're serving, the current game's score starts with the server's score and ends with the receiver's one. for instance, you could say that "the game is 40/15", not "the game is 40/15 for fed" or "the game is 15/40 for gul".
i'm curious. is there actual audio to support what kerber said? from the video i've watched kerber's back was to the camera the whole time when she walked up to the net, and the microphones didn't pick up kerber comments.
awesome. going straight to my bookmarks. the 2 minute youtube highlights are an absolute joke. how can 2 minutes possibly cover all the best shots of a 5 set match?
it makes me wonder, what's better: honest, straight forward players with controversial views or politically correct individuals that don't express their actual opinions?
ok
fair point. i only really watch tennis when the aus open is on, so i'm not familiar with the scoreboards of other events.
he was in such bad form that he needed an mto, and then when he comes back minutes later he is in perfect form guns blazing? i don't buy it.
monfils is the most nimble player! it's insane how quick his reaction time is.
all of the events should follow madrid's leadership. 

"as i said in the pilot interview..."

i wonder if the guy he was talking to at that point (and his audience) had any context for that.
do people here even watch other sports? literally every other sport that has time outs uses them to their advantage when tired, not doing well, injured, or their opponent is on fire. i can't fathom why everyone is mad at gulbis over it. his literal job is to win tennis matches.
yeah... 'sometimes'... he manages to pull one of these in half the tournaments he's in. not complaining though, he often seems to up his game afterwards and that can be a very good thing for him and his fans, i don't expect him to come close to winning of course but i do want him to play a thriller against nadal.
generally what helped me start creating my own pace more was begin to hit through the point of contact more. i tended to try and brush up the ball more and create a lot of topspin, but i hit a more spinny ball, and it wasn't always very effective. 

if i were you i would try and make sure you're still fluid with your strokes using your legs and core effectively. stay nice and loose if you can, this will help with racquet head speed. then make sure you hit the ball at a good contact point out in front of you while transitioning your weight onto your front foot. keep extending through the point of contact before following through.  i hope this helps! 
i like to imagine not as it makes it funnier!
&gt; it makes me wonder, what's better: honest, straight forward players with controversial views or politically correct individuals that don't express their actual opinions?

i wish people wouldn't conflate "politically correct" and "polite." when someone asks me what i think of the food they cooked for me, and i lie and say it was nice, that's being polite. that's not being politically correct.

fed being politically correct in an interview would be doing things like referring to stewardesses as flight attendants or policemen as police officers because those are gender neutral terms. not saying "djokovic gypped me" because "gyp" comes from "gypsy," a slur directed at the roma people, who are considered to be uniformly dishonest thieves.

fed being *polite* would be what gulbis is complaining about. he thinks people should be blunt and say what's on their mind. (and also implies that fed doesn't actually mean what he says, but whatever.)

as for your question, when understood to really be asking whether it's better to have rude or polite players, i'd say it depends on whether you mean better for entertainment or better for a nicer world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utawzt5n-tq&amp;feature=kp
this has been tons of fun even if some of my picks are being obnoxious by winning and losing when they are not supposed to. will you make another one for wimbledon? 

ps i can't seem to get the script working, prolly user error but chrome says no to it. can you check and tell me what my max is? 
i totally missed the chance to play an rg edition - i'd love to do this for wimbledon! 
total long shot: schwep?
it adds a bit of spice to it all, especially if you happen to participate on our irc channel. i have a really wonky sheet and get some good natured teasing over what i did.  for example, you will end up cheering on players you may never concern yourself with otherwise. for some crazy reason i went really deep with verdasco... shakes head. 
your max is 226!
well maybe you should see [his whole statement](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/tennis/french-open-2014/top-stories/professional-tennis-no-place-for-women-says-gulbis/articleshow/35791555.cms?) then? 

&gt;"because for a woman, it's tough. i wouldn't like my sisters to become professional tennis players. it's a tough choice of life. a woman needs to enjoy life a little bit more. needs to think about family, needs to think about kids. what kids you can think about until age of 27 if you're playing professional tennis, you know." 

(i'm not trying to be an ass, for all i know, he might actually have said it sarcastically - but sarcasm doesn't carry very well over text.)

i'd like to see how it plays out when we're not in a major. 
* multiple courts
* on demand programing
* classic matches
* streaming from my ipad to my apple tv
* only one commercial

i could go on and on. 
gulbis is so gas.
maybe he was in bad form because of the injuries he claimed to have? i know gulbis is the new bad guy of the week but automatically assuming ill-will isn't fair. 
very gulbis-esque
ok thanks! dimitrov is dead to me for awhile for this :) 
the falcon forehand takes flight.
he basically calls these idiotic commentators out on their dumb 
questions...but in a funny/nice way.
hahahaha! i see myself doing something idiotic like picking tomic or something. 
i don't have anything to add, really, but well said.
because it is gamesmanship. federer's job is also to win matches but he does it without abusing the rules. 
that backhand from gasquet was fire. if it hadn't been returned it could have made the top ten by itself.
his decision to do so is not gulbis' obligation to do the same
really? the reason i like bouchard is that whenever i watch her play, she seems to be enjoying herself more than the others at the top of the game. i'm pretty sure many others share the same opinion.
"since" is only 6 months though and while he's had some bad results in that time he's also won a title.

i agree that the guy doesn't deserve downvotes because agree or disagree he's just stating an opinion. and it can be argued that wawrinka's *one of* the worst gs champions of the last 20 years (let's not act like that's an insult btw, it's a good group to be in even if you're near the bottom), but when i look at their careers his definitely looks more impressive to me than those of gaudio and johansson.
these guys are giving you great answers, but it can be hard to remember how it all works. use the save button or bookmark this page. in addition, i believe that wikiped,ia has a pretty good page on tennis as well. 
djokovic was in a match, up 6-2 in a tiebreak, returning serve from i don't remember who, opponent hits a serve that djokovic returns out, serve is called out, shot spot shows it's in. umpire calls a let, djokovic concedes the point, umpire is fine with it, in a fucking tiebreak. goes to show that arguing can get you somewhere. 
it's gotta be rios considering he did this: "he reportedly told monica seles to move her "fat ass" while on a lunch queue"
congratulations to both! they seem very focused and confident from their interviews. good luck to them as their opposition in the quarterfinals does not look easy.
couple ideas: 

(1) don't be afraid to fail.  the best option is probably to lose to these players a lot the next dozen or so times you try, but keep trying to generate pace and you'll eventually figure it out and be a better player for it.

(2) or if you want to start winning now, then stop trying to create pace.  if someone is hitting you ducks, simply be willing to be the most patient player on the court and constantly move them side to side until they become impatient and overhit.  if you can come into the net, then work more on hitting a well-placed approach shot instead of trying to hit an outright winner.
ferrer is the only threat and a small one at that.
so basically you're okay with everyone taking multiple fake mtos every game. when one player gets some momentum the other player takes a timeout. i'm sure that would be enjoyable to watch.
cool. thanks.
that's partly because she isn't taking the matches as seriously as others are.
i'm joint 10th on both lists, 6 points off the atp lead, 11 points off the wta lead.

but i only have bouchard left alive in the wta and nadal/djoker/murray/ferrer/monfils alive left in the atp, so i guess i'm probably going to plummet on the wta. might stand a chance on the atp if everybody left wins and losses when i say they should :p

edit: i actually have sharapova, halep and errani winning one more match each too, got distracted by all the red that comes afterwards.
i'm not last, but i'm pretty damn close.
i agree that it's best to be safe about using derogatory language. i just want to note that there's [no evidence](http://www.worldwidewords.org/qa/qa-gyp1.htm) that "gyp" derives from "gypsy." it may still be best to avoid the word, though, due to the perceived connection by so many people.
he is such potato, so funny and good man.
he make good husband one day or tomorrow, potato.
whats up with rogers footwork? its seems "odd". also he was semi-screaming with each shoot a la nadal.
http://imgur.com/xvzyeep
that haunts me still, game of inches. 
why exactly would you like to remind us of this?
interesting. thank you.
this was a year ago already? good lord
as i said before, the least fuck-dispensing player on the tour.
yes, although the "it felt terrible" came off as quite rude. otherwise, i loved his responses.
i really enjoyed the grunting/screaming. it's rare to see federer really show emotion when he's playing and it was cool to see him get into it even though he lost.
"got used to the courts because they're not really straight, like playing on a mountain.. but i'm used to it now."
yeah they are! it was helping a lot while watching. 
he's awesome at showing how afraid the other players are to not look perfect. i saw a video from that one where he said he was the better player than nadal in all of the sets they played in two matches and nadal of course responded with some polite bullshit. 

nadal is my fave, but come on, grow some balls and tell the dude to shove it up his ass.
i never realized he was so likeable! always got the opposite impression.
if you are hitting a forehand cross-court, buggy whip the follow through. i'm a southpaw, but i find it very effective.
i think by smiling and saying it felt unbelievable right away made it known that it was a joke though.  
pivotal moment in a great tennis match?
something that helps is to look for videos of pros hitting from the side angle.  notice how much they use their body weight to transfer momentum to the ball, and emulate that.  i like to stare at the feet to see how they set up. 

here is a good [video of fed hitting from the side.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp7yb5uoekm)
many have said that if he doesn't touch the net there he wins the french open. of course, we don't know if nadal would have held for 5-4 &amp; then if novak would be able to serve it out however it was definitely a massive moment.
i imagine feeling like an idiot never feels good.
that heartbreaking moment at 0:57... the biggest obvious turning point in a match that i've ever seen.
saw the whole video and i can't find the line you quoted. damn it rg... they even cut the conference videos short?
time is a bitch.
this thread has been linked to from elsewhere on reddit.


 - [/r/tennis] [a different world (mic)](http://np.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/272sea/a_different_world_mic/)


*^if ^you ^follow ^any ^of ^the ^above ^links, ^respect ^the ^rules ^of ^reddit ^and ^don't ^vote ^or ^comment. ^questions? ^abuse? [^message ^me ^here.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fmeta_bot_mailbag)*


you pansy ass mother fucker, you whiny little bitch, you sissy. you know how the fuck we deal? it is a mother fucking game! you are worse than a teenager bieber fan.

get a fucking life!
lovely rallies in this one's highlights. also, on a completely different note, i am happy adidas didn't screw murray over this year with another fugly outfit. this one looks like one i might just buy.
the short answer to more pace and low unforced errors is to loosen up and hit topspin ground strokes.

the bigger takeaway though is that you need to develop a winners mentality which will allow you to play to your full potential. getting nervous/afraid/tense during matchplay is common, but a very limiting mindset - it will hold you back from winning matches and progressing as a player.

take a look at some of my submitted reddit posts where i discuss the ideas of zen tennis and developing your own system to win more matches. i think both will be particularly helpful to you in this regard. let me know if i can help further!
are there highlights which dont start at the tiebreak in the first set?
found em:
https://uk.eurosport.yahoo.com/video/highlights-gulbis-v-federer-163031665.html
roger is 32, turning 33 soon. you cannot let his losses bother you. he is still playing at a very high level, and you should savor the time he has left on this tour. we've all be gifted a very long career by roger in which he gave us some of the best play this game has ever seen.

i know you are saying this with some tongue in cheek fashion, but find another player to cheer for, enjoy some different styles of tennis, and maybe watch some wta! or just watch federer highlights on youtube.

and nothing wrong with rafa, while he may have been our favorite players greatest rival, and foil, he is just ridiculously humble and kind.
todd martin?
and here i thought i wasn't going to cry tonight...
/r/latvianjokes
the one he called a rhetorical question wasn't rhetorical though
it's not if you consider rhetorical question as a question not meant to be answered but if you're not a native speaker or using in the sense that it's a rhetorical device, then it was a rhetorical question. it was a question the announcer already knew the answer to. he asked it for the effect of it being asked and answered.
dropshot, who do you personally think is the best player ever?
he had the whole line open, and went back at gulbis. crazy get, but still, could have been straights to fed had he cranked that oh. yikes :-(
i'm kind of annoyed at how stingey rg is with these video clips. like this one and the federer v gulbis one, i only get two _minutes_ out of five _sets_? 

^^^more ^^^tennis ^^^plz ^^^:(
that match was intense and i missed it.
tbh, i don't think nadal cares enough to tell people to fuck off. he'd rather win on the court than spend time trading insults. 

on top of that uncle toni would have none of it. 
the choke is real. 
what does &gt; prikaļists mean?


or he could just be a misogynist. some people just have strange or messed up views, even though they intend to be nice people.

edit: for example, goran ivanesvic was a hilarious and nice dude, but he had outrageous views on homosexuality and said some pretty offensive stuff back in the day.
ah, these subreddits don't let you post a link *and* write text, so i'll write it in a comment.

in this link, /u/yaopau talks about how jimmy connors had an easy draw to get to the final where he didn't meet any of his big rivals outside of lendl, in the finals of the 1983 us open.

while i don't dispute this observation at all, i'll say tennis was a different world in 1983.

at the time, there were a handful of players at the top of the rankings: john mcenroe, jimmy connors, bjorn borg, ivan lendl, guillermo vilas.  connors had been seen as a guy a little past his prime, having been surpassed by both mcenroe, who was starting to beat connors regularly, and borg, who passed him around 1978.  vilas had been around a while but he was seen as a clay courter, and although he did well on hard courts, he only ever won the us open once, back when it was on clay.  he wasn't the kind of player you'd expect to beat connors.

connors was, in a way, the agassi of his days, or perhaps agassi combined with sampras.  he, along with borg and chris evert, pushed the two-handed backhand into the forefront, and this triumvirate, in both the men's and women's game, changed the perception of the two-hander.  in particular, connors had perhaps the most aggressive backhand of his day, and while he wasn't hitting winners off it that much (really, most players didn't hit winners from the baseline in those days), it was enough to pressure his opponent, and allow him to attack the net.

by 1983, borg had retired (effectively).  he stopped playing tennis after 1981 us open when he lost to mcenroe in the finals once again.  borg has mentioned, in hindsight, that he had lost interest in tennis in 1981, but was going through the motions.  he was still talented enough and skilled enough to win the french open.  some argue that it was mcenroe who did it, who finally beat him and denied him the one slam he coveted, the us open.  some argue it was his mind-numbing playing style that had become the norm, where he ran and ran, and got back shot after shot.  20-30 shot rallies of no one trying for a big shot, and just trying to wait for the error had to make even the most patient players wilt--and this was the height of tennis popularity, a fallout of the riggs-king match from a decade earlier, and the rise in money of pro tennis.

so what were the differences?  first, americans still dominated the tour.  look at the 1983 us open draw when maybe 40-50 players were american.  today, you'd be lucky to get maybe 10-12, and that includes wildcards.  

the australians, who had long dominated tennis, were already fading, with no one significant playing during that era.  the reason was probably three-fold.  first, tournaments were moving away from grass due to grass's high level of maintenance.  hard courts and indoors were more common.  second, harry hopman, who was basically the nick bollettieri of his day for australia, moved to the us, realizing (i presume) he could do better financially in the us with a population ten times as large as australia.  third, with the advent of pro tennis, other countries were finally starting to produce world-class talent.

many of the non-americans playing were from europe or south america, and thus, most learned to play on clay.  again, in those days, europeans and south americans were generally seen as steady players that didn't serve big or know how to volley, and thus, were seen as specialists, unable to make a dent in fast court play, and indeed, often avoided the fast courts to play primarily on clay.

this was starting to change with two players: borg and lendl.  borg was the first clay courter that crossover-ed into a different surface other than clay, namely, grass, and he was reasonably good on hard courts.

borg did this by having a few skills that were unusual for a clay courter.  first, he had a relatively big serve for a clay courter.  he wasn't acing a ton, but it was enough for him to win a few free points.  second, he was perhaps the fastest player of his era, which meant he chased down a lot of shots.  third, because he played with a lot of topspin (unusual for americans), he could pass players coming to net.

realize that it was somewhat rare for players to use a ton of topspin.  players hit passing shots flat, or sometimes with slice, or in the old days, they invariably lobbed. without topspin, these old timers couldn't hit with pace and angle like they do today.

lendl was considered the father of modern tennis because not only did he hit with spin, but he had power, at least, power for his day.  in those days, few players could hit winners from the baseline.  it was said, at one point, only 4 players could hit winners from the baseline: lendl, borg, connors, and vilas.  and really, even connors won most of his points by approaching the net, not hitting winners from the baseline.

lendl was seen as that next generation of player, and unlike, say, murray who was seen as talented but a bit passive, lendl was the power player of his day.  there was a period in 1982, when he beat mcenroe 7 times in a row, and everyone thought he was the new coming of borg, despite playing a more powerful game than borg.  lendl, too, had a big serve and a bigger forehand, which allowed him to do well on hard courts.

but, for some reason, connors had a lot of success playing lendl.  lendl was being branded a choker at the time.  a guy that couldn't win the big matches.  he reached the finals of the french open in 1981 (lost to borg), then the 1982 and 1983 us open (to connors), then the 1983 australian open (to wilander).  he won the french in 1984, but lost to mcenroe in the us open in 1984 and the french in 1985 to mats wilander, thus losing 6 of his first 7 slams.  i think lendl, more or less, admitted as much, and claimed he cramped against connors in 1983.

at the time, lendl was considered something of the favorite, especially with the lack of borg, and his successful record against mcenroe (which he turned around in 1983, then they went back and forth with wins and losses, before lendl finally took over that rivalry in the later years).

at the time, the women's game was even more dominant.  we talk about nadal and djokovic meeting 40+ times, and how often they've met.  martina and chris met around 80 times, often as number 1 and 2 seeds, but really, if you weren't a top 4 player, you had few chances to win a title.  the top 3 women players were head and shoulders above the rest of the field, and forget it if you were outside the top ten.  players were often tasked with keeping these top players on the court for more than an hour, especially navratilova, and ultimately, graf.

today's players prepare much better, not just on the court, but off the court.  back in the day, arthur ashe struggled hitting the low forehand volley.  he would dump shots into the net with no reason, other than being sloppy.  today, players don't make those simple mistakes.  today, even the most ardent baseliners train to volley, and have much better technique than players of yesteryear.  djokovic, who was hardly a natural volleyer, has trained to hit the low volley.  in those days, players were considered baseliners or serve and volleyers, and didn't train much at the other skill.

the upsets are even rarer than they used to be.  players like berdych, ferrer, del potro, and until recently, tsonga, have been in the top ten for years now, when the rankings used to be much more volatile.  players have a larger entourage to put distance between them and players that can't afford to have their own coach, physio, trainer, sports psychologist, and so forth.  indeed, connors worked without a traveling coach most of his career.  same with mcenroe.  borg and vilas were the first to travel extensively with a coach (lennart bergelin and ion tiriac, respectively).

coaching is now considered something of a must.  while players have done without coaches for a period of time (federer, tsonga, and currently, murray), more often than not, players have coaches.

and, it's been a while since an unseeded player has reached the finals of a slam (or even a semifinal).  the last male i can recall was tsonga in 2008 (and he was the only unseeded player in the final 8) which shows the strength of the top ranked players.

so while arguably, connors had an easy draw (didn't have to face mcenroe), one could also say that there weren't really any top players to challenge him in those days beyond mcenroe, lendl, and wilander, and once they did, connors stopped winning as much (with becker, edberg, etc. getting better).  the drop off was much larger.  chris evert said she used to coast the first few rounds and didn't feel challenged until the quarterfinals.  i suspect players like connors felt the same.
well, you saw what happened to richard sherman....
made me a fan at least

edit: i'm saying he falls into the category of politically correct and expresses his opinion
it wasn't the best angle
in general, i'd prefer if people were said what was on their mind 

(unless they know that they are in an emotionally altered state - right off the court, with their adrenaline pumping, intoxicated, etc) 

cause then, if there are people in the public who are really racists, sexists, bad people, etc, it's better for us to know than for it to be behind closed doors (ala donald sterling)

i'd rather find out that my favorite player is actually a terrible person than to go through my life idolizing them and never knowing the truth. 
agreed, he recovered quickly
hey, back off on the compassion there.
i'm sure most of you know about this site already, but i'm posting just in case. only problem is he misses some break points in highlights, but otherwise they're long, high quality, and uploaded just hours after the matches.
i think a lot of people tend to use rhetorical question incorrectly... just like ironic
gas?
he's very safin like 
he is very marat safin like.

that forehand annoys me doe
...he motioned to a glass at his side. "do you see this glass? i love this glass. it holds the water admirably. when the sun shines on it, it reflects the light beautifully. when i tap it, it has a lovely ring. yet for me, this glass is already broken. when the wind knocks it over or my elbow knocks it off the shelf and it falls to the ground and shatters, i say, 'of course.' but when i understand that this glass is already broken, every minute with it is precious.”
yeah i agree with that. every point is different and circumstances change how it would be played.
[**@itspiwo**](https://twitter.com/itspiwo):
&gt;[2014-05-31 17:43:35 utc](https://twitter.com/itspiwo/status/472795539302797312)

&gt;[@gael_monfils](https://twitter.com/gael_monfils) [@theborisbecker](https://twitter.com/theborisbecker) [@dreddytennis](https://twitter.com/dreddytennis) [@andy_murray](https://twitter.com/andy_murray) [@rogerfederer](https://twitter.com/rogerfederer) [@rafaelnadal](https://twitter.com/rafaelnadal) [@djokernole](https://twitter.com/djokernole) [@atpworldtour](https://twitter.com/atpworldtour) [#rg14](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23rg14) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bo-1cvicyaas0yc.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/lxgpcqp.jpg)

----

[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/272y6b%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)

god i know and if someone puts up a 30minute extended highlights on youtube rg will probably have it removed
i wish they could have ended it the first day.  i couldn't watch the 2nd day.  it was amazing to watch murray play through the leg injury and still battle a top 30 competitor.  i don't have faith he'll make it to the end.  that is not a very dangerous statement.
tenth place tie, but only a few points behind.  best i can do is 180 points and others have a better shot.  should not have picked nishikori as wild card finalist and wawrinka didnt help me either
no tennis player is really feared anymore aside from nadal on clay, but even that has weakened since his losses in rome and monte carlo.
where does fognini stand?
today federer fucked up an easy overhead at set point which would have given him a 2-0 set lead over gulbis.

he went on to lose that set and 2 more after that to concede the whole match

that bad overhead cost him the entire tournament  because gulbis would likely not have come back from 2 sets down. 
federer on grass (roof closed) is still a force to be reckoned with.
this child baby reacts to crowds booes and loses his game, like any other child baby. he gives a fuck by acting like he doesn't.
anybody think he'll come back as number 1?
controversial and confident , this guy can be a legend just a little more focus , i dont care how his forehand looks thats his style , lets see how he goes now in rg14
not a snowball's chance in hell
never go full monfils.  you might hurt something.
no, not unless nadal and djokovic suffer some serious injuries taking them out for a long period. 

federer is at that point in his career, where he can't consistently play at an elite level (the older you get the more you have to workout just to maintain your level of fitness). he won't be the favourite to win any major tournaments anymore, that's not saying he can't or won't win anymore but he won't be the odds on pick. fed will still be able to beat anyone on his great days but on a bad day, he is vulnerable now.  


ya he could be the next monfils
bullshit. of course players fear him. he's ranked number 4 when he's having a bad year. come on. he's still a force to be reckoned with. 

he's ranked 4 in the world and he's been in a few big finals this year. it was a close match with gulbis, he's had a lot of close matches in his career. he just lost this one. 
i'm a huge roger fan and it pains me to see him lose, but uh, what you're describing seems pretty... unhealthy. maybe you should talk to someone or stay away from tennis for a while. 
what a beautiful quote. this is what it must feel like losing a child. i've always heard it's a pain not able to be comprehended until felt. 
...or a game of thrones?
i swear 95% of match points federer loses are unforced errors. looked like an entertaining match but based on these highlights i don't think roger should've lost it. stupid errors at key moments.
i love your commentary! must say djokovic just obliterated tsonga. he played really well and after winning the first set 6-1, i think tsonga was out of it mentally.
&gt; you lost the first set and are down a break in the second with set point. the set's pretty much over right?

no, because losing that game would even out the set... losing the first set is irrelevant too, unless you mean "the match's pretty much over". 
:(
thomas johansson won the 2002 australian open. if any swede were to be on the list i would say magnus gustafsson
almost forgot about that. tennis is such a cruel sport.
jesus christ because he has a fair opinion about what women might want or not want he's a misogynist?

this is something i've noticed, there's a certain need to express dislike against players one doesn't favor, whenever there's a chance to. i'm not meaning you specifically, but some comments in those threads over the past days have been awful.
it's time a rule was brought in to stop players taking timeouts before their opponents service games. s'all i'm saying. 
i appreciate the time put in to the murray-kohlschreiber match write-up, but the rest of the tidbits are exactly what i was talking about in my previous comment - simply musing about matches that you haven't seen is completely useless information. what do you hope to accomplish by writing:
&gt;  i saw very little of this match, but it seemed like a combination of factors.

?

i did enjoy the first write-up; the rest just isn't needed (that's what the results thread is for, right?).
so fed had 3 set-points and you're saying that for gulbis losing that game would even out the set? i think you mixed up the player perspectives here.
berdych has his eye on that top 4 place. he'll supplant federer if he wins on tuesday. 
safe to say fed lost it with his 59 unforced errors, which was more than gulbis'. its like watching your beloved old labrador trying to enjoy running free in a field like he once used to but every time it gets up to speed it suddenly has to stop because of arthritis or something hindering like that
in the past, i've mostly liked the guy. that's why i posted the interviews in the first place. he seems like a cool guy mostly. 

we'll see what happens with this topic, cause given the amount of press he's gotten he'll probably be asked to further explain.

i didn't say he's definitely a misogynist, didn't mean to imply that, but i leave it to a possibility. given the statement, though, it does come into question.

if he said something like, "it's harder for a woman to hit the ball as hard as man" or "it's much harder for women to have a children and play tennis" then ya, that's completely fair, but to say what is the right career path or not for a woman is a bit of a jump if you ask me.
tipsarević!
that is a russian word actually, slang for 'funny guy' or something along those lines. like guy who does not take things seriously.

and as for it being the old latvian saying.. my guess would be that poslime is the only one using it :d
who are these nobodies that nadal has been playing? such an easy draw for him. 
oh right, it means funny in ireland! doesn't make very much sense when i think about it..
haha, thanks for the clarification. 

top of the morning to ye? or do you guys actually not say that?
haas and almagro retiring didn't help
he's an [up and coming serb](http://www.atpworldtour.com/news/tennis/2014/05/22/roland-garros-sunday2-djokovic-lajovic-reaction.aspx)
next match with ferrer could be interesting... other than that, he might as well get a walkover to the final. 
as our forefathers would say: "fake and gay".   
and blogspam. 
come on kiki! you've had a lucky draw so far but whatever. i'd love to see a dutch player in the qf! (half-dutch, before you ask about the flair)
kiki bertens is playing very good.

not much petkovic can do right now on the return.
kiek
dont think he needs to prove himself to be honest. might aswell get a bye to the final like in the olden days. lajovic got to the 4th round in straight sets, so dunno whats up there. i have genuinely never heard of him.

i am also puzzled as to why ferrer is set to meet nadal in the quarters and murray semis when ferrer is seeded higher and should technically be only meeting nadal in the semis.
emotional petkovic doesn't work.

should go back to zombie-petko from last round.
flying start for kiki! only the first set and the first rackets are being smashed by petkovic!
murray's seeding guaranteed that he'd meet one of the top 4 in the qfs(if they won through), and he drew wawrinka in his section. the same is true for ferrer, and he ended up with nadal.
i'm saying if gulbis had won that game, and held serve, they would have been even (which is what happened).
forgot about the old wawrinka already, thanks.

i think hell be upset at wimby too and have a deep run in the uso
almost perfect first set with virtually no mistakes by bertens.

now she is making more and more mistakes.

first set was extremely good though.
does anyone know if ferrer still smokes cigarettes?
lajovic doesn't stand a chance today, but since he was called up for the davis cup last december his career has suddenly turned around. now he well go out in the 4th round of a slam against the undisputed master, which is an amazing result considering where he was just a few months ago. it's inedible what a boost of confidence can do for your game.
if gulbis had moved a bit to the right, he would have been wrong-footed, and the commentators would compliment fed on a smart play. gulbis took a big gamble and it paid off. it was definitely not a great smash, but it wasn't anywhere near as much as a fuck up as the djokovic smash.
i expected murray to have problems with kohlschreiber. kohl is a smart, wise, wiley veteran who doesn't get down on himself when the going get tough. more importantly than that is he constructs points very well.    
   
generally it's the players like verdasco who murray has an easier time with - smashers who want to hit through you rather than construct a point. these are the guys that murray can force into error and has had a lot of success doing it. i don't mean that to sound like i am picking murray today because i am not; partly because he was still clutching his hamstring the next day and partly because verdasco is playing fantastic tennis.  
if he's still smoking like a chimney whilst reaching the qfs at his last ten majors, pass me the cigarettes. 
it's frustrating to watch how many times she hits the net with her backend.
is she walking backwards into the net?
5 games, 5 breaks... 
good point. 
you don't have to read it. 
it's all rather odd. djokovic seems to have had the toughest draw from what i have seen. 
wow, ferrer is a spanish jaime lannister
wtf!
right? this one is quite fun.
yes, he is in the process of having his ass handed to him right now. can't wait until nadal has to play a decent hitter. it's novak's this year anyway, he looks absolutely clinical so far. 
wow, murray's reaction is awesome!
nadal is playing so well at the moment. i kind of feel bad for lajovic. he plays some nice angles and doesn't make too many mistakes but he doesn't have a single weapon that can really hurt rafa.

will be interesting to see if this changes over the course of the match.
nope, he no longer does.
but that's the point. it's his opinion. there's nothing wrong with that. he's not saying women shouldn't be doing that or that there should be social reactions, laws whatever against it. it's just like the argument about less women in leadership positions. which top notch firm is going to count on a person that could be having a time out of close to a year, or whatever half a year. no firm is going to do this in the current capitalistic environment. 

plus from my experience, most woman don't want to do this anyway, since they care about family. but there's exceptions of course, clijsters etc. federer and mirka are also doing great. 
yeah safin was crazy. he's really like the younger version of safin.
31 minute first set despite nadal's lack of a first serve.  and random celeb sighting: prince is in the stands.
this video is pretty old. nothing new.
10 straight grand slam quarter finals for ferrer!
ferrer could teach federer a thing or two about running and hitting hard at 32.
nadal is showing no mercy...... great learning for lajovic though
thanks for the advice! i'm going to try this the next time i get on court.
 
one more question though, at what height are you hitting the high balls? above shoulder or do you let it drop more towards your hips?
you're right! i should just care more about improving my game than winning my matches at the moment at least.
don't think it has anything to do with fear, it's a tradition period in tennis where some of the established players can no longer keep up to their previous level of play. i also think the way djokovic is playing strikes fear in a lot of players.
it wouldn't make sense for him to even try to play that much tennis just to get the #1 spot back anyway, imo.
no problem! generally i try my best to let the ball drop into the hitting box for me, or i take it on the rise.  every now and then my footwork gets lazy or i'm rushed and i'm forced to hit it up high, and those times i just choose to hit a higher ball with more topspin. i'll sometimes choose to hit that ball a little harder with my forehand, but with my 1h backhand i'll choose to hit the high percentage shot most of the time and either spin it high and deep, or slice it. it really all depends on what you're comfortable doing, but you want to try and make most shots in that ideal hitting zone, around waist level. you make that possible with your footwork though. 
what racquet is each player using?
looking forward to murray - verdasco, it's gonna be a killer match i think.

they're both sporting the exact same outfit too. that's kind of weird. 

edit: strong prediction by me so far. ue fest. 
woooah, petko! stopped watching after first set because of uni. great turnover. :)

murray-verdasco could be a tight game. pretty excited about it!
this is a grand slam though, ferrer will pull down his underpants and bend over like usual. 
nadal gives lajovic a free training session.

nice guy.
there's no point discussing djoker's draw. irrespective of the draw the toughest match always involves djokovic. i predict either the raonic match or the one with berdych will be very interesting.edit: it seems people disagree. ao 12 vs rafa, fo 12 vs tsonga, wimby 12 no idea, us 12 vs murray, ao 13 vs stan, fo 13 vs rafa, wimby 13 vs del potro, us 13 vs stan, ao 14 vs stan again.edit 2: us11 vs federer 
no, i admit it. i wasn't surprised. :-(
there is no way wimbledon drops roger out of the top 4.
i suppose, but results threads aren't honestly much better than that.  if you read, "oh stan, my draw is ruined!".  was that any more insightful than what i write?  results threads are, for the most part, reaction comments.  how did you feel about the match (good, bad, indifferent).
yeah, there used to be no timeouts at all.  alas, matsuoka once cramped on court.  he was writhing all over, and fans felt it was unfair that he wasn't allowed treatment.  but i agree.  one way to solve the problem is to only allow timeouts prior to your own serve.
even though sloane is the underdog i think she has a real shot to win this match. simona has had a lot of wins in the last year but she hasn't had a lot of wins against players who hit the ball with significant power. if sloane keeps her nerves/errors down, halep could struggle. 
that's a tough question, because anyone i pick is likely to have had some issues.  if i pick fed, there's the question of his inability to beat nadal, first on clay, then on pretty much any surface.  if i pick nadal, then he hasn't won enough titles, and doesn't have the records fed has, though he was clearly the dominant player on clay.

if i go to women's sports and pick serena, there's the fact that she didn't stay healthy enough to be number 1.  if i pick martina, there's players like steffi graf that eventually overtook her.

for men, i guess i'll say federer, though nadal is really coming up, and if he gets as many slams as federer, it's hard to pick against him (i know he'll be short in terms of consecutive weeks at number 1, and a lack of year-end titles).  djokovic could possibly surpass them, but he needs to get to about a dozen slams to be in the conversation.

in a way, djokovic, and especially murray, suffered by being in the same generation as federer and nadal.  they greatly improved by being in that generation too, of course.
well, ferrer can relate to fed's age, but not to the mileage. federer has played in 1176 matches, ferrer is at 858. 
i used to think being fast was a good skill for a tall player.  i think, watching this match, you can see that anderson is quicker and more skilled than, say, john isner, but his serve isn't nearly as dominant (which is why he had to be faster--just to survive at the top levels of the tour).  in the end, having a better serve seems to matter more.  if you have a huge serve and a huge forehand, and so-so on movement, it's better than having a pretty good serve and being better at moving (see, sam querrey, as another example).

and ferrer, he just covers so much ground.  if nadal's back is bothering him, this match against ferrer could get interesting.
seedings aren't done like, say, pro basketball (or ncaa basketball) where the top seed is rewarded by playing the weakest seed each round (partly because they believe not much separates the best team from the worst).

in effect, you are in one of several groups.

* group 1: seeds 1 and 2
* group 2: seeds 3 and 4
* group 3: seeds 5-8
* group 4: seeds 9-16
* group 5: seeds 17-24
* group 6: seeds 25-32

whichever group you fall in, you're basically all the same seeds.  the number 1 and 2 seeds are basically the same.  number 1 does not gain any more advantage than number 2.  group 5 and 6 were split mostly so that the top 8 seeds played group 6 and the next 8 seeds played group 5, so there is some advantage being top 8 (in terms of playing the bottom 16 seeds).
that was super entertaining, pretty much every type of shot utilized in those highlights.
you could argue it was worse back in 2009 when federer was in the finals of the us open against del potro.  federer, i believe, was up 40-15 against del potro, to serve out the second set to go up 2 sets to none.  instead, he approaches twice to the delpo forehand (!) and gets passed twice.  fed goes on to lose that set.  he would win the third set, but by then delpo was beginning to roll, and won in 5 sets.  had fed won that second set, he probably would have won in straights.
there's also djoker complaining that they should water the courts late in the fifth.  i think he was broken shortly thereafter.
the service motion is another story.
djokovic is also much more of a threat on other players' serves, which really gets into people's heads.
murray allegedly uses a head graphene radical pro while kohlschreiber uses a wilson six one 96, 16x18.

i say allegedly because the pros often use older models of the racquet (they don't want to change racquets all the time) that are customized to their liking.  these racquets are painted to look like the recent models.
is jack sock really a 'young gun' any more?
i think murray feels his game is getting back to where it should be, and he doesn't want to get derailed even by a player as good as kohlschreiber.  this was a close match, and murray won by going for his shots, and not making bad errors at key moments.  for that matter, kohlschreiber also played quite well until he missed that forehand that left him at double match point down.
how come pros usually use synthetic gut strings? or am i just being dumb cause often times i see the brand of the racquet imprinted on the strings, doesnt that mean they are synthetic gut?
i think it helped murray that the match went to a second day.  he was cramping at the end of the first day.
no, the branding is just to show off the branding.  it is painted on once it gets strung, and can be done with any string.  many pros use a polyester hybrid (fed uses polyester and gut).

this guy claims the pros use the following strings: http://www.colinthestringer.com/pros-strings/
80 minute first set between jankovic and errani. for having such different play styles, they are very evenly matched.
i think the more painful aspect is holding nerves at important points.  it makes it hard to watch players like li na or sam stosur give up points in bunches (same with sloane, although she's improving).
could it be? could stephens actually knock out halep? if that happens, the top four seeds in the women's singles will be knocked out, and shit will be weird.

but then again, it's the wta, shit is weird over there anyway.
i am not going to lie, but this errani - jankovic match is amazing.
yeah, they give us like a point per set.
it would be funny to see mirka doing a rain dance. 
right, but the original sentence was from gulbis' perspective and what would happen if *he* lost the game, not federer. so for him the set is pretty much over.
http://www.atpworldtour.com/tennis/players/top-players/ryan-sweeting.aspx?t=pa

kinda looks that way.  he stopped playing after miami last year except for the one futures event.

he got married to kaley cuoco (of big bang theory) last year.
i think dimitrov's loss to karlovic says you don't want to meet karlovic early.  his big serve can derail players ranked much higher than him.  and for nishikori, it says that his body is a bit fragile, and that he wasn't ready to play the french after hurting it at madrid this year.
if you can get someone to hand-feed you, the ball, that could help.  many top juniors (and even djokovic) have had people throw them the ball with no pace so they could work on generating their own pace.
hey, that's the way i serve! but then again, i'm a noob at this game
you're damn right.  i'm still haunted by the backhand shot nadal missed up the line in the 5th set ao2012 final.
i will buy you a beer if ferrer even gets to a 5th set against nadal.
federer didnt drop a set the year he lost to nadal in wimbledon
he's still only 21.
ah, thanks for clearing that up
if ferrer's going to beat nadal, i suspect he'll have to do it in less than 5 sets (unless nadal's back bothers him in the third set).  i don't expect ferrer to win, honestly, but compared to who nadal has been playing lately, he should, at least, pose a better challenge.
any particular reason that you thought the racquet branding implied synthetic gut?
i love athletes from any sport who point out how brain-meltingly dumb and obvious the questions from journalists are. louis van gaal also gives them crap.
nadal will play this grand slam to the death even in a wheelchair, paired with ferrers nervousness at the order of magnitude of the possibility of winning this game can only go to a fifth set if ferrers up to the challenge
oh shit i mixed him up with donald young. nvm
&gt; federer, i believe, was up 40-15 against del potro

it was 30-30. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-7xfk2w0tg#t=287

&gt; he approaches twice to the delpo forehand (!)

he didn't approach twice to the forehand. at 30-40, he approached to the backhand, delpo hit a cross-court shot that led to fed hitting the next volley to the forehand side. the point at 30-30 wasn't fed fault at all. nobody goes to the weakness every-time, it gets too predictable. he hit a great forehand that landed pretty close to the baseline, delpo responded with a superb passing shot. 
time to time is a bit much. yes he's beaten rafa 2 out of the last 3 meetings, but before that he had lost something like 9-10 in a row. and novak owns ferrer. 
i hang my head in shame!  but i do think if fed had won that game, he would have closed it out in straights.
i like how nadal was serving for the match at 5-0, then he was broken, and after 1 minute he broke to love to win the match, just to show who the boss is.
as far as just pure talent goes, i'd have to say either davydenko or nalbandian. davydenko/nalbandian were players that when they were on their game, they were so consistent, and they were both shotmakers. davydenko especially reminded me a lot of agassi. nalbandian had the best two-handed bh in the game, before some guy named djokovic came around. 

ferrer has maximized the most of his abilities in what he's been able to accomplish, and he's done a lot in a golden era of tennis at the late ages of his career. it's hard to think he wouldn't have won at least one french open if not for rafa. so while davydenko and nalbandian may have been more talented, ferrer has put forth a better body of work career wise. i can't really place an order among the 3 as they all pretty similar.  
it's interesting.  in tennis, fans complain when a top seed's draw isn't tough enough.  in other sports, such as nba playoffs, fans complain that a team's road to winning is *too* tough (e.g., the 2-3-2 format leaves the team that didn't get top seeding with a potential home court advantage after the fifth game).
as a side note to those that follow doubles, granollers and lopez crushed the bryan bros in the quarterfinals, 6-4, 6-2.
murray's going to lose, isn't he? :/
why couldn't they make the questions actual tennis trivia? wimbledon does this and roger was amazing at it. it was a lot less cringe worthy and a lot more interesting to watch. 

edit: here http://youtu.be/cb8fsc9pkcs
oh god. murray and verdasco are wearing the same outfit. 

thank goodness verdasco is lefty otherwise i'd get confused real fast. 
apparently this match was all about unforced errors, and stephens "won" the battle.
this match is almost unwatchable. i can't tell which is which!
yeah, you'd have thought a big brand like adidas would be able to come up with different outfits for all their players.
sides of the same coin. it's not that fans want one team's road to be tougher or easier. they just want everyone's road to be similar in difficulty. let's be honest, the 2-3-2 format being changed to a 2-2-1-1-1 format is a very marginal improvement. unless the nba ditches the conference scheduling/playoff format, the eastern conference champion will have a much easier path to the finals for the next 3-6 years.
[no he hasnt](http://www.atpworldtour.com/players/head-to-head.aspx?oid=f401&amp;pid=n409)
only because the eastern conference is so weak?
errani's serve is painful.  
allez simona!!!
the different colour shoes are helping too.
it is interesting indeed. 
i'm complaining about both aspects really, nadal's draw isn't tough enough and djokovic's is too tough! haha.

although i am a terrible nadal hater so logic goes out of the window quite often when i'm talking about him. 
verdasco is the lefty.
plus ferrer is a little dude. its a lot easier to move 160 lbs around than to move 185. 25 lbs (or ~12 kg) is huge amount of weight in a sport like tennis where endurance is a big deal.
i feel like i'm going insane. they even have the same wrist band colors on the same left/right-hand configuration!! who the hell allowed this travesty?! 
if you look closely, murray is wearing darker shoes. that's how i'm telling them apart.
yes.  the indiana pacers wouldn't have gotten out of the first round in the western conference playoffs.
i mean, he has had an easy draw (though he can't help who wins and loses) and djokovic has had a tougher draw, but he's so good, it doesn't seem to matter, yet.  cilic isn't quite up to a level that can bother djokovic, and tsonga hasn't been quite as good either.  raonic, by contrast, is playing some of his best tennis now.  the question is whether it's good enough or not.
no one fears anyone in tennis agreed , its not about fear anymore.. a guy like darcis could beat nadal on grass , so u can kick fear out of the window . as per federer is considered, his opponent is always under pressure they know if they beat this guy it will the best win of their career , so opponents against fed always give their best ! , if you ask nadal or djoker that would they like to face fed in the final of any major
they will say no , because they know fed can beat them anytime :)

frustrating when murray is so good at getting breaks, and yet, so good at giving up breaks too.
i guess this is the nba's equivalent of draws that are "too easy" in tennis, except the whole conference is the problem.  i've heard the idea of best 6 teams in each conference and 4 wildcards, though i don't know how the wildcards would be distributed.
well, donald will always be young
who was the last good canadian woman?  carling bassett?
do you have a stream link i don't get tennis channel
super exited. when i started watching tennis seeing a canadian making the third round in singles was exiting. seeing raonic and bouchard both make the quarters is just amazing.
i agree wholeheartedly. it could work in his favour, having to play at that higher level right through the tournament. as long as he can keep the matches short, as he has been doing. 
come on novak, you're my only hope!
i'm telling them apart by their shoes.
let's make fun of the way people dress.  that's fun and mature, right?

edit: my mistake.  it's actually caddy as fuck.
i'd be up for a maria-simona final...
this is my version of constructive criticism. i'm trying to help him make his posts better.
geez, the amount of unforced errors garcia-lopez is making is dreadful. monfils is looking good though, seems far more concentrated than usual. really hope he can finally make it to a final
don't watch game of thrones then.
anyone watching monfils-garcia-lopez?  monfils is crushing (score-wise).  what's going on?
i'm not only talking about the reaction comments. in the post itself, people look at the scores and draw their own conclusions/musings (like "oh, djokovic destroyed tsonga, i wondered what happened") and then look at the reactions in the comments to see if people can explain what happened in the match. if someone looks at this post with the same intent, the only useful information they'll get is a rundown of the match between murray and kohlschreiber (the rest they pretty much derive for themselves). 
i'm looking forward to maria-garbine for the noise lol
so with this win, ferrer is five points behind federer in the rankings. if he wins the qf, he goes ahead of fed.

at least, that's how i read it.

federer is ahead of ferrer in points by 95. http://www.atpworldtour.com/rankings/singles.aspx

winning the r16/4r gives you 180 points. winning 3r gives you 90. http://www.stevegtennis.com/atp-tennis-ranking-points/

so ferrer has gained 90 pts more than federer due to ferrer's 4r win and fed's 4r loss.

is my analysis right?
and yet here she is in qf's for the third year in a row.  go sara!
who is about to make a million an episode. he doesn't need to work. 
indeed, black shoes for murray, white shoes for verdasco :d
kind of, but their net gain/loss of points depends on how far they got last year as the points they earn at this tournament will replace those ones. federer is only defending 360 points so he has effectively lost 270, ferrer however is defending 1200 points and so he needs to make it to the final again and retain those points, giving him net 0 to get ahead of federer.
all aboard the monfils hype train folks.

but seriously, he is looking good. could definitely challenge murray the way he has been playing.
i'll probably watch that one with headphones!
agreed. in addition, his clay game currently seems to be almost as good as it's ever been. 
i don't think muggy is as loud as vika or larcher de brito.  you might be safe.
it hasn't been that long since he took tipsarevic to four close sets at wimbledon, but now he seems to have fallen out of the rankings altogether. maybe someone forged retirement papers for him during his bachelor party. 
are you taking into account that ferrer is defending 1200 finalist points from last year? i go to live-tennis.eu so i don't have to do math.
oh absolutely.  i only wanted it to end the first day so i could see the ending.  i don't think murray would have necessarily lost if they continued either.  would have just made it much more epic.
here's a live atp ranking website http://live-tennis.eu/

ferrer won't pass fed if he defeats nadal. if berdych wins his qf against gublis, he will go ahead of fed.
i'm not watching it but sometimes monfils just plays really well, might be one of those days for him
that was particularly brutal if you were pulling for the djoker in that match.
i once heard verdasco's game described as "nadal's forehand with your mama's backhand".

i haven't watched him in the last few years, but his backhand seems to have improved. not a lethal weapon, but at least it's more consistent. 
she might amp if up when confronted with another grunter though - like it's a challenge.
i understand, but i like to read it regardless as i rarely get to watch/ check scores of anything.
fed only lost 180 points. 
eeeeeeeee vs ooooaaaaa
monfils right now... wow
a murray-monfils qf match on clay? that just might break the record for the longest rally ever. 
i love the way verdasco plays!
i think it would have been in 4. delpo was worth at least 1 set in that match. in any case, delpo earned that break.
does anyone else look at verdasco and see mac from it's always sunny in philadelphia? 
so how many games do you think ferrer takes off nadal day after tomorrow? two a set?
lmfao. 
hopefully not
i just re-watched this match sometime last week or earlier. that set was wild. novak up an early break, so much momentum, then this happens...actually novak rebounded pretty well from that incident, but it clearly gave rafa another boost in confidence. wasn't until 2 games later it was all over. what a wild match!
it seems murray's black line across the chest is way thicker than the one on verdasco's.
he's a reverse isner!
i feel like she's worn that monstrosity or one like it for a tournament.
like every other player on the tour except for djokovic? the best clay court player in history tends to do that to players when he plays them on clay.
bold prediction. let's see how it plays out for you.
murray is playing so well at the moment, some inspirational tennis which is stopping verdasco playing any power tennis at the moment.
is this a known issue? or are you just assuming? (serious)
i think adidas just gives them whatever shirts is in season, not like murray and verdasco doing that intentionally
i can't help you, but i could use some help with timing my serve. 
i agree, they should at least be discouraged.  but i think /u/t0tai is right that these shirts are not being designed or probably even really picked by the folks wearing them.
i wouldn't call it a bad year. 2013 was a bad year, this is just a good old fed year.
there really is not trick to "getting your timing back" other than going out and hitting balls
apparently, murray's back was aggravated playing on clay, so the surgery seems to have helped there.
stand still and hit. don't even bother with any sort of weight transfer. many people come back to the sport and have their body moving in weird ways so they have shitty contact. just stand balanced, shoulders level and work on your contact.  same thing in a mini tennis setup but without a backswing.
i doubt it's an issue.
i thing my old coach had me do early on was to literally say to myself "ball, bounce, hit" when my opponent hit the ball, when the ball bounced on my side, and when i hit the ball, respectively. by the time the ball has bounced, you should have at least gotten through your takeback. 

of course, nothing is going to replace just getting out there and hitting balls, but i thought this helped get the most out of practicing (at least from a timing perspective). it just forces you to focus on your rhythm.
verdasco just did a wonderful tony montana impersonation
murray conceded that point right? i couldn't hear anything but verdasco cursing a little bit and saying the ball was in, ask the linesperson.
murray i don't like it when you beat novak but damn nigga you get my respect . let's go muzza

edit: i forgot to say fuck you verdaco you cunt
murray said that he didn't have a play on the ball. 
...unless tomas reaches the rg final.
kerber, i hope your'e watching this. good show, murray
yeah, he went up to the umpire and let him know. verdasco's not had great luck with him in the last few games.
can we get a link for a live feed?
fernando refusing to head for the shower. this third set may end up causing murray more than a problem.
makes me feel a little bit bad for wanting verdasco to win.
i appreciate your honesty.
hahahaha :d
tiafoe lost second round :(

not unexpected considering how raw he is; it might've been his first time on red clay.  all seven americans won their first round match but tiafoe, rubin, fritz have lost second round.
i think it is a fair assumption. i've been bothered by similar yellows on folks across the court from me before.
i've played people who wear that color shirt.  if there is any effect on tracking the ball, it's not noticable.  

and honestly, if the players had a big problem with it, they would have addressed it already.  you'd hear some grumbles in the press or on court or somewhere.  you don't, so it must not be an issue to them.
the tennis center in college park has at least one red clay court.
i've wondered about this as well, but players have been wearing optic yellow (the color of a standard tennis ball) for a *long* time. if it was actually an issue, this would have been addressed a *long* time ago.  i've played people wearing optic yellow and it didn't seem to affect my ability to track the ball.
it would be amusing if someone wore the same outfit as berdych.  or, the crazy shirt that djokovic's dad used to wear (of djokovic!).
yeah, de brito definitely did.  i checked youtube and she varies a lot.
exactly.
all you can do is hit a lot of balls.  don't go for 100% of your pace.  start off slow first while keeping your strokes fluid, and then gradually increase  your swing speed.
murray :)
there was an outside shot that four spaniards could reach the quarterfinals, but only two (nadal and ferrer) made it.  monfils and murray won over spaniards in the other two (over garcia-lopez and verdasco).
aand game over. very happy with today, thought it would be **far** stickier than a hard fought straight set victory


verdasco had his moments, props to him, but his game was emotionally finished at the end of the second set i feel, not to take anything away from murray, he was on top form today


monfils who seems to have gained a bit of momentum these past few days next, never too fond of facing a player in his home slam, gonna be a tricky one, but come on muzza, onwards we go!
but that's also saying what someone else's priorities should be. 
if someone wants to focus on their career now versus later, then that's their choice. 
i'm aware that women's fertility peaks at 28 years old, but it's not established that said person wants to focus on children before that. 
murray tops verdasco. it's murray v. monfils in quarters
ah, the ol' varying grunter... at least keep it consistent! 

in all seriousness, i can see an upset tomorrow. maria's not great against players who play like her... and mugs is on fire. though i can see an upset in every match maria plays, these days.
murray leads the head-to-head, 3-2.  they haven't played since 2010, where they played twice and split twice.  both went to 3 sets, and all sets were lopsided.
he's gonna lose his right hand soon.
try some "mini-tennis" groundstrokes with your hitting partner, where you use the four service boxes instead of an entire court. focus on your footwork, point of contact, and control--obviously. you  might need to abbreviate your strokes a bit, but try to use forehand and backhand strokes when possible, as opposed to volleys and half-volleys. i've found that this drill usually gives me a better feel for the ball and helps with timing issues. 

a ball machine would also be helpful if you have access to one. even better if you can get a coach or knowledgeable buddy to critique.


not exactly the same outfit: https://twitter.com/espntennis/status/473489300286636032
he's been the upcoming us star for the past 7 years.  
and to think i didn't even get a call back from the resume i submitted to be kaley cuoco's trophy husband. i may not be a pro, but i have a little bit of game on the court.
he beat nishikori in houston during nishikori's injury recovery season, dated/married the blonde from big bang theory, and just fell off the map for tennis
yeah man, i think we're basically on the same page actually. 

i personally believe that gulbis doesnt have any malicious intent though, which some people here might deny.
tomorrow will be a glorious day. the eaglebis shall spread his wings and balls will be crushed. 
or maybe get a haircut
has she ever been upset this late into a tourney though?  
god forbid he has a twin sister.
depends what you count an upset as, i guess. she does usually have her game on by now, and has an excellent record in major quarterfinals (it's semifinals where she falls down, more than anything), but you never do know...
his last name is "young" therefore he'll always be young.

if that one was over your head, i suggest you head over to /r/dadjokes and get some practice in
i think it was bs. if you watched the match, federer was playing better that set and once they stopped playing for 7 minutes, gublis got the momentum again
i get that. but media has always reported him as part of the next generation us men's tennis.
who is this prick?  ^^^ 

dropshot knows his stuff.
i mean truthfully, we don't know if he is a misogynist, racist, or whatever. he only gives sarcastic answers anyway. all we really know is that he comes from a very wealthy family and has had some goofy mannerisms. and that his forehand looks like he's about to do the ymca
yeah he's too busy playing around being a celebrity husband these days. i saw pics of him with his wife carrying silly little dogs and stuff. 
ok... so what. 
what happened to celtics and bulls?
it's easy to underestimate the effectiveness of her serve. it is extremely hard to hit a return winner off of a really slow kick serve. yet most opponents have it in their minds that they have to do something special on the return just because her serve is so slow. if you want to attack you have to take the ball when it is still rising. this means that you have to stand inside the court. however this makes returning the ball very volatile since you don't have any time to readjust.

so while her serve may be slow and painful to watch it is not as much of a weak point as one might think.
thanks for the reply, i appreciate it!
are there any specific things i should be paying attention to when doing this like swing pattern or footwork?
if i had to suggest something, i would start with hitting about half pace, and work your way up to your normal pace.  as others have suggested, use some topspin to keep the ball in play, and just gain consistency in rhythm.  if you find yourself overswinging, then i think it's better not creating as much pace, as you want to have a nice repeatable shot.
yep. her highest ranking was no. 8 (4 march 1985)
the other good canadian was greg rusedski, but since canada didn't have such good players, and he had a british mom (?), he switched his allegiance.
i'm assuming you didn't watch murray v nadal in rome a few weeks ago then
 don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care
dem muscles.
why are tennis players so socially challenged and awkward? i don't even mean solely at a professional level, but the majority of tennis players i've met just seem ...weird? it doesn't help that i'm one of them.. same goes with golfers, stoners, and redditors. 
worth mentioning suarez-navarro is still in the doubles alongside muguraza, so i'm sure the proximity of her matches have effected the odds too
i think unforced errors has made federer's game weak. he is consistently giving away easy points to opponents where he has never done that in the past.

plus his backhand is very vulnerable and players has figured out all you have to do it put him on the backhand and wait for the inevitable unforced error. 

celtics: age/injuries caused them to trade away their big contracts and start collecting draft picks. however, there are teams in the east that are even worse so they may take a while to rebuild.

bulls: derek roses' knee injury makes them a non-threatening playoff team. they are actually trying to tank, but their coach is too good. at least they look decent as a free agent destination.
why are those scores different from the official points for the 52-week? http://www.atpworldtour.com/rankings/singles.aspx
ah, there it is. thanks.
just laughed out loud. have some gold! :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmqq2ys71bw

she is definitely using the old style wta forehand.  the new young players are coming in which will dominate.
those legs tho
she has only ever lost 3 qf gs matches she has played.

all at roland garros.
is the whole of lades tennis called the reverse inner?
every time i see fed lose its to silly stuff like this. like in the last set he just gave his serve away with unforced errors. its frustrating to watch sometimes.
oh we do of course. modified for whatever time of day it happens to be, naturally! top of the evening to yourself
i thought i'd be reading that she's expecting, or already had a baby....
ah! i am both happy to be correct &amp; relieved to not be ignorant.

(i've run into the uk - ireland issue in the past and struck out with a girl as a result haha)

also, you'd probably fancy a laugh at this: http://youtu.be/i7ewuderdgs?t=1m40s
was ranked as high as number 4 in the world, made two grand slam finals but never was able to get a title. the big cat was fun to watch.
alone it's easy, find a hitting wall and just concentrate on keeping the really going. hitting against a wall is a great way to groove your strokes.
bassett was great. helen kelesi and aleksandra wozniak were good too.
i agree it's gamesmanship, but fed should be experienced enough to not let cheap tactics like that throw him off.
http://www.eonline.com/news/514415/kaley-cuoco-jokes-about-whirlwind-romance-with-husband-ryan-sweeting-it-sounds-so-slutty

are you excited for spurs v. heat?
on the guy side, how about glenn michibata and grant connell?
because everybody is awkward. 
http://www.brooklyndeckerfans.com/brooklyn-andy-on-how-they-met-and-deciding-on-andys-retirement/

brooklyn decker said roddick stalked her (well, got her phone number and such).  sounds a bit like agassi meeting graf.
her quads!!!!!!!

citizens of /r/tennis, it's time to go do some squats!
poor girl!  could you imagine how badly her back had to hurt after a match?
getting my popcorn to see all the passionate fed defenders...
yeah that is true since federer's strong point was mostly in his consistency and his backhand's accuracy.
(sways beer)   
there's only one andy murray!    
one andy murray!    
walking along!   
singing a song!    
walking in a murray wonderland!    
i noticed for me after a really long layoff (8 years or so) my timing was really off due to my conditioning being way worse. i couldn't get into the proper position to strike the ball correctly so it felt like my timing had gone. once my conditioning started to come back, strokes started to improve a little.
this is so true. i play this guy who, whenever he's under pressure, just floats his serve over. i used to take 2 big steps and hammer it but i was surprised how few of them i was making. i slice them back most of the time now. 
fried chicken... *no i didn't*...
that's assuming murray makes it past monfils who seems to have decided he actually wants to win matches and not piss around this tournament.
excellent write-up on the murray match.
these threads have been really successful (because dropshot is insightful and posts good comments), and i think he feels pressured to comment on all the matches each day, as a sort of overview. i'd be fine with him just commenting on the matches he did see, though. no pressure.
[gif.](http://i1168.photobucket.com/albums/r494/maldwyndyer/guga.gif)

and that was just one of many magical kuerten moments. he was only 28 when nadal won his first roland garros, and it's a shame the brazilian's hip injury did away with the chance of them meeting in paris.
congratulations to the humble bull
the "atp style" forehand has its advantages in terms of needing less time to prepare for a forehand when returning a ball with a lot on it, but not using that style forehand doesn't necessarily mean you're going nowhere. 

even on the mens side, gulbis beat federer just the other day using his weird-ass clunky continental monstrosity. 
damn, its almost as if this generation is coming to a end.
i remember back in the day when i was 13 and i started playing/watching tennis passionately. federer was on top, hewitt was slowing coming down, agassi was still top ten, nadal was making huge wins over top 10s.

it was a great time, but the new guys dont do it for me.


he had some help beating federer from federer, though. wasted one overhead, and proceeded to beat himself over it for the remainder of the set, and the one that followed.
so is this guy calling them "atp style" and "wta style" to avoid assigning certain techniques to men and women and risk being called sexist? kind of stupid if you ask me. the pro tennis organizations have nothing to do with how they hit their forehands. would it be so wrong to say, "here's how most men are hitting a forehand these days, and here's how most women are doing it."?  oooooh...that's sexist.

edit: lol ok pc warriors. men and women are identical. it was wrong of me to acknowledge any difference. the only difference is between the pro tennis associations themselves. 
without ever having seen you play or hit against you, that stick might be a bit much to handle. i played with variations of this raquet for years, i switched to a babolat pure drive gt, and it just works better, for me. bigger sweet spot, better control...which for a person who has only played for a year, should be more important....that is my 2 cents if you are thinking of switching to an "advanced" raquet. 
by 

&gt;that sick

you are referring to the blx90 and prostaff 90's?
gulbis still has top-ten talent... federer lost because gulbis was playing well enough to take him out of his comfort zone.
i think this year has been pretty good so far for roger, especially compared to 2013. before rome, he made at least the quarters of all tournaments this year (and has 3 final appearances and a title). the match again gulbis for very close, and roger missed the chance to go 2 sets to love up against him, which would have surely changed the outcome of the match.
i think he should do better at wimbledon, and i hope his seeding doesn't suffer because of this loss. given how andy and berdych do at rg, he might slip out of the top 4 seeding.
til rafa's birthday is a day after mine!
a true lover of the sport.
i think it does. it seems to be why tommy haas is still successful at 35—he had a few long absences from the atp during his career, so there's less wear and tear on his body.
he's actually gonna need the injury timeout this time, if his balls get crushed.
you bet, sorry for the ambiguity
she really is the bee's knees. love her!
still probably my favorite player ever.
i love monfils, but andy has the kind of game that dominates monfils. i'd be surprised if he got a set. heres hoping its a good match! i'm definitely rooting for him
one issue you might be having is that you aren't loading your weight properly on your racket backswing.  make sure to turn sideways and load your weight on your weight on your back leg (right).  as the racket goes through the ball, your weight should transfer onto the left leg, as the back leg steps through.  this puts the extra pop into your shot.  after you finish your stroke, you do a split step to return to a neutral stance. 
&gt;congratulations to the humbull

ftfy
is there any babolat racquet that's not yellow and black haha
awesome photo. found a (slightly) larger version: http://www.gethorizontal.be/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/roland-garros-getho-monfils.jpg

and the video of the point: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awbjfgpvthe#t=23

monster talent. if only he had rafa's mental toughness and drive. he should of had a far better career.
what do we have to defend? guy is still playing great tennis at an age where players traditionally don't. 
there is always a chance. see: 2012. 
because it's live rankings. it's how the situation is right now, after all the points acquired in the roland garros so far. 
i think serena said that the injuries she faced during her career, actually extended her career, because they gave her some rest from the tour. if she would have played continuously like federer she would have burned out by now. 
haha i can't believe mine was that high on the wta side. it's dropped today though, and i'm doomed the rest of the way.
watch videos of professionals and pay close attention to their footwork
ah the image of him going after a ball after a long run is less epic now that i see he just got crossed up hahah
so don't click on it.
it could very well be your biomechanics, that is not something to rule out. if i were you, i would start doing hip exercises to strengthen your knees.
depends how you define good, i guess. wozniack was ranked in the 20s just a couple of years ago. i mean, she was never a threat for a slam but she was no walkover either.
there's a difference between respect and fear. they may not fear him like his old days, but they still respect his game and the threat he poses.
in doubles, they were good and sebastian lareau won the first grand slam doubles title by a canadian. daniel nestor is a legend.

canada never had a star male singles player before raonic. (greg rusedski's best years were with the uk.)
sweeting had back surgery recently. i work at the local club where he sometimes helps coach now. i saw him there last friday. 
keep working at it. there is no magical fix, it's all practice and confidence. the only way to become more confident in your shots and game is more practice. so keep doing what you're doing or perhaps figure out a way to increase the amount you are playing. 

the easiest thing to practice a lot is the serve. just get a bucket of balls and a court and serve, a lot. 

keep working at it and good luck!
"what should x foot do on a forehand?" is a complex question to answer because there are half a dozen different footwork techniques used on the forehand based on the ball you're facing and your own positioning.

i doubt bad form is the cause of your tendinitis.  it's quite possibly correct form but you lack the strength to best support your knee.

consult a medical professional and a coach!
to quote gulbis
&gt;i’m not big on medical timeouts.  it probably was my third medical timeout in my life. i know the feeling, it’s not nice to sit there for three minutes and wait for somebody, but it’s part of it, what can i do?

someone who thinks about tactical medical timeouts is someone who will use them constantly. 
if it's true he's only taken a handful of timeouts throughout his career i'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt.  


totally agree with this, too many unforced errors, especially in key moments of match. also, he can't close breaks anymore. he has so many break points, but doesn't capitalize.

look at the ball.
how old are you? what level do you currently play at?
oh high school. what year and what level are you competing at? like tournaments and what not. 
yes, interesting fact.  and thank you mr. вадим чижов!
i had murray losing to verdasco in my bracket, so this win gives me a lot of hope. if he keeps hitting his forehand that hard then monfils will have it very rough.
damn, i'm getting old. it seems like only yesterday i saw him play hewitt at the ao at 17. he had those goofy long shorts he used to wear. i think he lost the match in 5 sets, he didn't have the big muscles to support his shots yet. 
care to explain about breaking through "that threshold"?

are you losing to people you feel you should beat?

 - maybe your precision is dropping off when you get tired.  in which case work on your cardio.

 - maybe your shots are all there, but you're playing too predictably. maybe you need to work on your tactical game.

or do you mean you're playing way better in practice than in matches?

 - in that case i would suggest you spent 80-90% of your practice time playing sets.

have you talked to your coach?  the only way we can give you better advice than your coach is if you give us more info.
you could try expanding your mental side.  read "winning ugly" by brad gilbert.  then read "the inner game of tennis" by w. timothy gallwey.  
if you can't beat'em...
i think he'll do well at wimbledon. that is if he can get his game together.
&gt;  you do a split step to return to a neutral stance. 

you mean cross step?
agreed. murray is too solid.
what does til mean?

jankovic just cannot penetrate the court effectively. errani is a pusher, and she can't shake her.
today i learned :) 
get a patellar strap (a knee strap).  i can't say for sure it will help but they're cheep so you could give it a try.  if that doesn't help then you can start getting some of the larger knee braces.  i wouldn't wait much longer to try some kind of brace.  if you wait until it really starts hurting then the damage has already been done.
so it should be a great match!
thanks!
congratulations to rafa :) best player on clay , if it wasn't for this guy fed would have won 20+ grandslams up till now easily . fearless and confident teenager and a humble pro ! 
im guessing you dont you reddit often
its on june 3
&gt; congratulations to the ham-bull

ftfy
they're called capri pants.
i share a cakeday with rafa! fuck yeah!
"til what til means. "

-- that's what he's saying to himself.
then my work is done
i saw this awhile ago and i'm not sure i buy it.  rafa's been playing a full pro schedule since he was 16yo, and on his 28th birthday he's already 11th all time in atp wins and he'll probably pass sampras while he's 29.  for as hard as he hits the ball and as much as he runs, his body has held up really well over time imo.

for some reason it seems like nadal is injury prone, but compare him to djokovic or murray or delpo and they all get nicked up over and over.  federer and ferrer just aren't human when it comes to durability.
it is june 3rd
i second this seriously.  also, there are exercises you can do to help with knee tendentious (c.f., youtube).  maybe the band and exercises won't work but there is a good chance they will.
i don't want to get ahead of myself.. but a win over berdych would put ernests in the rankings top 10. a place where he has belonged for oh so many years.
guga!!!!
i really would like to see her make a strong push and make the finals of a grand slam. she needs to be more decisive and not so tentative. she has some of the shots. i would also like to see her serve get better. she is the most exciting thing we have on the women's side. i hope she can improve to make the next step. 
&gt; congratulations to the ham-bao-bao
jesus dude, did he want to make his weird fetishes any more obvious?
what is this, /r/tennismemes?
&gt;thank goodness verdasco is lefty otherwise i'd get confused real fast.

its going to look like a mirror at center court
it would seem like ferrer plays a game harder on the body though. i think the main difference is that effort ages a little better than brilliance. brilliance is so reliant on timing and hitting unbelievable shots which decreases with age. ferrer has the same will in training and on the court. 
no, i'm saying it isn't, since he knows all he has to do is win those 3 points and it's back on even terms.
rip, dem tities
they haven't bothered with that title for a long time. 
loved watching him play, he was like passion, glory, train wreck all wrapped in one monster package. his highs were glorious, his lows were devastating, but i still loved watching him the most. half zip t-shirt, gold necklace, such brawn, such manliness. thanks for the memories marat!
people who throw stuff into crowds are just begging for fights to start, especially when they just toss it to no one in particular; at least pointing someone out before you throw it helps a little.
i can see that. it's all in the jaw. 
he's been playing on the tour since he was 16. 12 years takes it's toll on a body especially if it is already fragile.

it happens in every sport. you have your peak and it can come at any age.

rafa will change his style in a year or to to compensate for this. just like fed did. 
i've heard of some kinks but sweaty towels... too much!
must not mention anything about side of my head being crushed.

damnit! i tried!
by that logic being two sets down against roger is no biggie, since you just have to win three straight sets.
you think? winning wimbledon has seemed to silence any criticism. 
he's the most consistent player outside of the big four. he's exactly what he is. the 5th best player. 

"today i learned"
&gt;sloane stephens is....

part of the next generation. 

women's tennis is looking good with the likes of mladenovic, tomljanović with stephens and bouchard leading the charge.  with some younger ones showing promise like ashley  barty.

what is sloane lacking?  experience, all it takes is a good draw here and there to get experience and self belief.  and only being 21 she has time on her side.
i just like the smell is all. 
dont forget about laura robson
i like this guy. controversy and all. 
to be fair, it confused us americans since this was posted 12 hours ago, as it was still june 2nd for us. 
upvote!  i'm sure there are lots of other names i've missed.  

is robson still out with her wrist?
*some* of us americans
i genuinely laughed when he mentioned the 'full-on gluten diet'. legend.
hate to say i told you saw :ddd
i think andy murray also got a good chance to win french open
no, gulbis beat old man fed, that's what happened.
served him a bagel?
nervous for this one. 

edit: well fuck. have a shower and this happens.
this is going to be a good match, should be close. bouchard will take it if she plays like she did last game.
me too. i got downvoted for saying i like his honest no bars approach. it was about the whole women shouldn't play tennis tid bit. while i don't agree with it i surely think he's entitled to his opinion.
bouchard's game has evolved since their match last year in wimbledon. hopefully she can stay focused on serve and not go down a break early on. awfully fun to be a canadian tennis fan these days!
he won the first set 6-0. a set won to love is known as a bagel, a 6-1 is known as a breadstick.
she's not going through csn in less than an hour like kerber, but genie stands a chance if she keeps points short with her forehand. still, i think suarez navarro has to be seen as the favourite. 
wow, massive love service game to start for genie. good to see her start off the game on point. looks massive out there.
vegas oddsmakers have bouchard as the favorite (-130/+110).

yes, i don't think that she'll blow through it like kerber, but if she plays the same she's got it for sure.
so espn3 is showing the other quarterfinal, but not this one? (don't have tennis channel right now.)
she hasn't followed it up well
hope muguruza pulls this one out

sharapova nervous as hell already
terrible drop shot from bouchard down break point.. 
wow, not even 10 minutes passed, it's already 0-2 and 0-40... this will be extremely difficult for mademoseille sharapova.
she really hasn't been playing well since that first game where she looked dominant.
i'm afraid not. i don't think bouchard's game matches up well against csn. sadly, i think she is going out today. 

genie needs to be more relaxed when sn makes one of her amazing gets. 
she's only 21, give her time.
yeah, agreed. navarro will be a tough opponent for her even if she's playing well. if she doesn't get a grip on her game this match will be over soon. 
now i'm hungry
which one? there are two happening right now.

it'd make sense if you mean muguruza/sharapova, given the current scoreline (4-0 mug).
where are you sharapova?

well, if there's any player who gets even more motivated when down is maria! (and it works, uh, sometimes...)
0-4 loool

sharapova folded so many times when it mattered

hopefully comes back second set
fun fact: if sharapova is really at her billed weight (130 lbs) for her height (6'2"), then she has a bmi of 16.7. 5 pounds less and she'd be classed as "severely underweight" with those stats.

i say this simply to point out the apparent pressure on female athletes to give body information that matches certain unrealistic, barbie-ish cultural body ideals (which don't really make sense for athletes). likewise, no one would question that serena is impeccably fit and athletic, yet she feels pressure to be listed at a weight of 155 lbs, which, for her height of 5'9", would put her in the middle of the "normal" range.
upvote for "weird-ass clunky continental monstrosity".
when footballers dive for no reason they get booed, when gael monfils does it people love him.
there is clearly a difference between 3 points and 3 sets. how are you missing this? he makes those 3 points and it's 1-1 in terms of sets... which is what happened too!
wtf are you watching?
awesome display by muguruza so far. hope she can keep it up!
djokovic has a 2hbh, why isn't he always out with knee injuries? i know parts of the reason why but video doesn't explain, it may as well not mention rafa at all.
20-year-old garbiñe muguruza (ranked #35) breaks sharapova three times and remains unbroken, winning the first set 6-1. garbiñe's total career prize money so far is less than $900,000.
mmm yeah, and serena williams weighs 155.  it's a catch 22 situation though.  if they were honest, people would start in on the fat talk even though neither athlete is remotely fat.  
oh. well, i'm an idiot. thanks for explaining.
1-6

oh, the utter desperation in sharapova's eyes... she needs to pull herself together fast, if she folds on her serve game one more time, that could mean the end of the match real quick.
he didn't have the capri pants to support his shots yet.
even her grunts changed late in first set. she was so desperate
i thought she was going to just concede the set there. hopefully it's the start of a comeback. sounds like the crowd is behind genie
wtf was that....
not sure if i'd say 'belonged'... lets not forget ernests has been given **lots** of opportunity and people have lauded him for ages. coming from a very wealthy family and never one to say no to a party, he ~~has~~ had a very well earned reputation for genuinely not caring about his tennis, often playing to entertain and not to win. i think we are all happy to see him doing well, but he's doing it because he finally *wants* to. no one belongs in the top 10 which is why the undisciplined never make it to the top. hard work always pays off and with a bit of luck (eg set point down returning an overhead), careers are made.
wow what a comeback!
5 - 5! 

what a comeback by bouchard! 
let me try making a live update:

---
**set 1**

---
14:56 **break!** bouchard gets a break point to tie the set 5-all after being down 2-5.   
14:59 a love hold for bouchard. she leads 6-5.  
15:04 suarez navarro holds the game to make it 6-6.  
15:05 tie-break 2-1 for bouchard.  
15:07 tie-break 4-2 bouchard.  
15:07 tie-break records: 9-1 for sn, 4-2 for bouchard.  
15:08 tie-break 5-4 bouchard. sn to serve.  
15:10 2 set points for bouchard.   
15:11 **bouchard wins first set 7-6(7-4) after an hour of time played.**  

great game by genie, showing determination to win the set after going down 2-5. 

---
**set 2**

---
15:15 second set is underway! sn to serve, currently 30-all.  
15:16 a bounce on the net saw bouchard makes a cute dropshot. 40-all.  
15:20 great backhand winner from bouchard gives her 4th break-point.  
15:21 **break!** a wide return from sn gives bouchard her first point in this second set.  
15:23 triple break points for sn.  
15:23 **break!** 1-1, sn to serve.  
15:26 sn's return does not go over the net, deuce.  
15:28 2-1 sn. bouchard goes wide, and sn holds.  
15:32 love game from bouchard. 2-2.  
15:35 sn holds. 3-2.  
15:37 first ace of this match by bouchard. 15-0.  
15:40 **break!** a wide cross-court from bouchard gives sn the point. sn 4-2.  
15:43 suarez holds to lead 5-2. will bouchard make a comeback again?  
15:45 double set points for sn.  
15:47 **break! sn breaks to take the second set 6-2.**  

no such comeback from bouchard this time.

---
**set 3**

---
15:50 beautiful dropshot from bouchard sets the point for 0-30, sn's serve.  
15:50 first double fault for sn, triple break point.  
15:51 **break!** as with the opening second set, bouchard breaks 1-0.  
15:54 **break!** bouchard's third double fault of the match means sn is back level. 1-1.  
15:56 sn holds, 2-1.  
16:00 break point for sn. bouchard is making a lot of unforced errors.  
16:01 **break!** bouchard's backhand goes into the net, sn leads 3-1.  
16:04 sn holds 4-1. bouchard is looking distracted.  
16:07 second ace from bouchard closes out a love game. sn 4-2.  
16:08 wonderful backhand winner down the line from bouchard sets up a triple break point.  
16:09 **break!** bouchard closes the gap, sn 4-3.  
16:12 bouchard closes out another love game. she wins the last 10 points so far.  
16:17 huge hold for sn. bouchard now has to serve to stay in the match. sn 5-4.  
16:20 third consecutive love hold for bouchard. 5-5.   
16:23 incredible backhand volley from bouchard. two break points.  
16:24 **break!** bouchard will serve for the match, bouchard 6-5.  
16:29 match point for bouchard. 40-30.  
16:30 bouchard double faults. 40-all.  
16:32 unforced error from sn. third match point for bouchard.  
16:33 **bouchard wins 7-6(7-4) 2-6 7-5 after 2hours 22minutes.**

bouchard will get her 2nd grand slam semi final appearance and will meet sharapova. 

---
thanks for reading everyone! sorry if it's not that good.
3-1 in second set to sharapova. her play is miles better than it was in the first set.

there is serious chance for a third set now, but i don't want to jinx it...
ah! don't jinx it!

edit: whew!
look at his game style and his weight. he is hands down the most physical presence on tour, both in his body work and the ball he produces. being physically strong (my players refer to him as 'jacked') is necessary, but a delicate balancing act for him. look at photos over his pro career. he has dropped considerable weight in order to preserve his knees.
genie really taking the ball early, looking confident and focused from 2-5.. smart tennis here in the 1st.
this is a valid point.  it would be useful to do more of a side-by-side comparison with someone like djokovic.  if the issue is that nadal doesn't plant his body and hit a normal two-handed backhand, that might be something, but all pros at this level have to deal with hitting on the run and recovery.

it seems like they worked backward.  nadal has a knee issue, let's try to figure out why it must have happened.
genie's ahead 21:6 in winners, but hitting the lines is costing her many ue's....
if anyone was fragile, it was sampras.  by the end of his career, he played mostly serve and volley, and really seemed to just gear up for the slams, in particular, the us open.
what's the tiebreak at now? 
double fault by sharapova makes it 3-3 in the second set... she seems to be falling apart now...
yeah, i bet it's a deal they have with tennis channel who probably gets first pick.
good thing one guy watching a stream literally half way around the world cannot change the outcome via jink. :) hooray genie!
is he only 155?
i absolutely love how genie's stepping into the court and punishing those backhands on the rise.... she's hitting them very cleanly.
yeah those errors early in the set were killer, but she seems to have cleaned up her game
bouchard won the first set 7-4 on that tie break
bouchard won the tiebreak
bouchard wins the set
wta site has her at 5ft 9 (175cm) and 155 pounds (70kg)

bouchard never stops fighting and that's what i love about her


really want to keep watching but got an exam tomorrow why do timezones have to be such a bitch


edit: word
i'm going to be a junior next year and in tournaments i usually play at a b level. i'm not sure the atp equivalent of that on the 5.0 scale. 
4-4 in second set now. sharapova is hoiding on, her game has improved a lot in the last few games again. that said, it is time for her to break!
right now, she's a bit erratic.  it's been said maria makes lots of unforced errors, but like roger federer, she spaces them out well.  sloane can go through patches where she misses 2-3 in a row for no good reason, and that's enough to lose games.  she has the power and speed, but she needs to be steadier.  the one positive is that she seems to play up for slams, and do better there than she does when she's at a regular tour event.
i generally beat the people i should beat(except for this friend of mine. it's like the nadal/fed match up). but i feel that my precision does drop off during that 3rd set so maybe i will work on that. thanks!
1 more game muguruza. don't fuck this up
4-5 now in second set, sharapova to serve. the pressure on her is enormous now.
garbiñe looking strong will rest for the match
i guess it's not that easy to be returning first serves by sharapova from inside the line. 
sharapova with a fairly smooth serve game now - 5-5 in second set, sharapova seems more focused when it matters...
i don't think they like your joke. but i do. 
sharapova breaks and leads 6-5 now in the second set.
navarro's the new aga.... ultra defensive game, waiting for the other player to screw up.
genuinely a typo
, but ill leave it there just for you
no way thats true, im 5'9 and 155 pounds, shes easily twice my size
i posted it when it was midnight in france since it's where rafa is right now.
she likesto do a lot of things down
sharapova had 2 set points, and hit the line on the first - according to hawk-eye, which is very dramatic, since the chair umpire says that it was out...

very dramatic serve game, it is deuce now.
that's it. sharapova gonna win now. she loves third set comebacks. muguruza should've converted when she had the chance. 
sharapova wins second set eventually 7-5.

psychologically this means that she has a slight advantage for the third set perhaps, but the way she plays today - anything can happen.
being a long time sharapova fan this is so sloppy. again, have to admire her sheer determination and will to win. 3rd set will be interesting
well, of course he's entitled to his opinion. everyone has a right to their opinion, that just means the government shouldn't stop you from expressing yourself. and it also means everyone has a right to criticize someone's opinion, like calling out gulbis for being chauvinistic. 
nice! first game break again!
thanks. :o)  
i call it a split step, though we might be referring to the same thing.
i don't know if she'll ever be great. she doesn't have any killer instinct or intensity. her body language speaks volumes imo. 
sharapova leading now with a break 2-1. still, her play is very unstable, and muguruza is capable of surprises, so this will be a very exciting deciding set.
maybe it was for his daugther or his niece. you know, as a way to win them over. 
bouchard wins my heart 
maria is so cagey, she's celebrating her opponents errors as if she has just struck a clean winner. really hope garbine can pull this win off. 
navarro is returning everything, and genie's frustration eventually leads to a ue. 
she's been doing some work for the itv french open coverage. she's pretty good at it too.
damn, csn is starting to play very well. i think genie may be gone... please prove me wrong 
and then a choke (again) :(
sharapova leads 3-1, still ahead, but her last serve game was an epic battle that lasted 10+ minutes. sharapova saved 5 break points - and let out possibly the loudest "come on!" of her career so far...

incredible tension on both players, fantastic match!
genie plz :c
wow! shes fighting alright.
this is as good as over now. shame, i really didn't want the ridiculous screamer to go through. 
best two games genie's played at roland garros. easily.

edit: ...make that best **three games** she's played at roland garros.
you do realise muguruza has an eerily similar grunt to sharapova?
sharapova leads 4-1 now and serves. it is mandatory for her to win it now!
geez, genie has come out firing these last couple of games. but i'm refusing to link any "dis gun b good"/"it's happening" gifs after i linked one to my friend halfway through last nights game of thrones episode...
did she really celebrate too loudly? i wasn't looking at the tv but it didn't sound like it, i heard the commentator say she celebrated "right in front of" muguruza, though. but, don't a lot of players celebrate their opponents' mistakes?
if maria wins this match, i hope she practices her backhand dtl for the semis.
oi, i'd pipe down with the unpopular opinions if i were you. the downvote brigade is watching!
sharapova leads 5-1, really close to the semis now!
and serve
sharapova to the rescue
5-1, 30-0 - sharapova is incredibly focused.
sharapova screams during fucking drop shots
yes... that's fucking obvious /u/thatsfuckingobvious
3 match points for sharapova, drops the first one (muguruza applied great pressure and finished with a nice volley), but makes the second one (muguruza with an unforced error).

sharapova wins, muguruza was a great threat and played nicely, but sharapova was mentally stronger in the end. 
dem bouchard backhands
well, that was nerve-wracking. 
laser-accurate when it mattered the most... let's keep it up, genie.... 5-5 now...
what a dick. 
saw garbine fistpump at one of maria's dfs. 
no, she doesn't, actually.

contrary to popular belief she doesn't tend to grunt on touch shots. [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pemw8xk6jao) illustrates that incredibly well.
(heavy breathing)
reminds me of the fight she put up last year in her elimination match. it was super close even though she was the extreme underdog. what a close match this has been!
that ball looked out. dunno wtf the umpire was pointing at
omg
i wonder how much he actually weighs/weighed. both nadal and federer are listed at about 187 and have been for as long as i can remember.
winner gagnon!

holy shit. i'm so happy now.
what a fantastic match. both women played amazing!
i'm getting the impression many in the crowds are just finding out she's actually an anglophone quebecois**e**; you can tell from her heavy anglo french accent, and her lack of one when speaking english.
prediction: the match will be won by a player whose name ends in -ic.
she is really sweet!
milos gets better every time he plays djoko, might this be the time he upsets? (probably not, but hopefully it's a close match for us canadian fans)
great comeback by genie!  at one point she was behind in total point count 94 to 95, and then finished up the match at 108 to 101.  she found her extra gear when her back was against the wall.
anglophone québécoise. she did an interesting radio-canada interview on tout le monde en parle where she spoke of her childhood if you speaka tha francais. might still be up on www.tou.tv
plot twist: djokovic, in an effort to improve his impersonation of maria, changes his name to sugarpova in the middle of the match and wins.
yeah footballers they are many , monfils one in ages !!!
dear milos: your socks look ridiculous. actually, your outfits have looked ridiculous since you moved away from lacoste.
making montréal proud, genie!!! now rest up and go beat your childhood idol!
djokovic and federer do great interviews, especially if it's someone like jim courier is asking the questions. they're usually more than willing to go out of their way to answer questions that aren't of the standard sort. you don't need to be controversial to have a good personality.
chocovic
straight sets imo
the rogers cup is going to be crazy.
a 6-2 set could be known as a no. 2. did i ruin your appetite?
which match do you think will be more entertaining to watch? this one or the gulbis one?
sharapova pulled it out. i was so nervous.
let me try my hand at live commentary:

*2-1* 40-40 raonic double faults to give djokovic a chance...  
*2-2* two good serves from raonic take him home.  
*2-2* 0-15 some excellent defensive skill from djokovic, but to no avail as raonic gets him all over the court before winning the point. surely one of the points of the match.  
*3-2* some excellent aggressive play from raonic, but djokovic closes the game out with an ace.  
*3-3* a few unforced errors by raonic had him trailing at 30-40, but he serves well to get the game.  
*3-3* 30-40 three very uncharacteristic errors from djokovic leave him trailing in the game.  
*4-3* a-40 but a raonic error, a great cross-court passing shot and another raonic error leads him home.  
*4-4* raonic's errors are creating chances for djoko, but his excellent serving (though erratic at times - another double fault) lets him hold. raonic is playing aggressive, coming up to the net a bit.  
*5-4* much better from djokovic to hold.  
*5-5* djokovic had break point, but seems to blame himself for some tough returns (mocking himself really visibly) before he screws up an easy putaway to grant raonic the game. i hope he doesn't end up beating himself here!  
*5-5* 15-30 two more into the net leaves djoko trailing...  
*6-5* djokovic holds to bring up the last game of the set.  
*6-5* raonic with some great serves to lead 40-0. djokovic was gesticulating at 40-0, but i don't know to whom.  
*6-5* the scoreboard now says 30-30! and djokovic makes a great passing shot to take it to 30-40. an error at the net by raonic means that... **break!**
  
**djokovic takes the first set 7-5. match: djokovic-raonic 1-0**  
  
*1-0* a quick service game from djokovic (thanks to a few raonic errors).  
*1-1* djokovic clearly frustrated with himself, gesturing wildly after his errors. a little bratty.  
*2-1* another easy hold for djokovic (raonic took only 1 point). i think i heard raonic yelling at himself too. both players on edge.  
*2-2* raonic replies with a quick service game to love!  
*3-2* djokovic attacking now (up to the net on 3 points). doesn't seem to be as good as raonic at judging when to attack, but better at executing it.  
*3-3* i'm sorry, but i missed this game.  
*4-3* a graphic informs us that raonic has only won 31% of his second serves. the number is at 71% for djoko. djoko holds without too many issues.  
*4-4* raonic with some great serves to hold to love.  
*5-4* few long rallies in the game as raonic keeps attacking. djokovic with some decent play to hold.  
*5-5* djokovic scrambling to try and win the game, but his returns are too easy for raonic.  
*6-5* djokovic holds.  
*6-6* eating...  

tiebreak - djokovic wins 7-5

**djokovic leads 2-0**

*1-0* **break!** djokovic breaks in the first game of the set, thanks to raonic putting it long. some good tennis on show in that game.  
*2-0* raonic fights back to 40-40, but two errors let djokovic hold.
*2-0* djokovic wins a great point to go 40-15 up.  
*3-0* **break!** djokovic with a strong lead thanks to _another_ raonic error.  
*4-0* djokovic holds to love as this match nears its end.  
*4-1* raonic holds from 40-30. his errors are what have cost him this match.  
*5-1* and djokovic is coasting in this set.  
*5-1* a brilliant point by djokovic to match raonic at 30-30!  
*5-2* raonic with a good fetch to close the game and take the match to another game.  
*5-2* 0-30 cheers from the crowd as raonic can sniff blood...  
*5-3* **break!** and djokovic nets at 30-40 to give raonic the game and one break back.  
*5-4* with the crowd firmly behind him, raonic takes the game to give djokovic another chance to serve for the match.  
*6-4* another effort to play aggressively by raonic, and he misses the line by quite some distance to end it.

**game, set, match djokovic!**

post match reflections  
raonic made too many errors and this didn't let him play defensively (he would err before nole) and his attacking play was good, but he doesn't have the skill/precision to go neck and neck with djoko over 3 sets. still, i'd say he played very well for 2 sets, probably the pressure getting to him. he was definitely aided by novak not playing at the monster level he sometimes does, but raonic definitely took it to novak. this was nothing like tsonga last game (except for the beginning of the third set) and was a great match with very few grinding rallies thanks to raonic's aggressive play. in the end, novak erred lesser when it mattered, and held his nerve to win.
she has the athletics abilities. 

i will be on the genie army here in montréal. it's going to be crazy.
probably, but milos is playing the best tennis of his life. he could make a game of it (but it's unlikely he'll come close to winning)
my two favourite players. as a canadian gotta hope for raonic though. really wanna see him break through and beat one of the top players.
sharapova was 15 herself 12 years ago
let's go ernie! love service game to start things off. not too shabby.

gulbis now up 2 sets and a break. berdych shanking balls everywhere. his timing seems really off.
novaks favorite ballkid is there!
i don't think it's going to get any better until he doesn't have to wear that sleeve anymore.
this one looks pretty good right now.
and a break! maybe this will be a good match...

edit: double break!
i mean, not necessarily chauvinistic. just like women shouldn't play american football, some sports are boring to watch when there's less strength involved. nobody watches the wnba.
regardless of the results of the semi-final, what will happen to eugenie's ranking?

i'm assuming she will rise in the ranks a little, but how big of a jump can we expect?
maria and genie all grown up
well done, good sir. you managed to predict the eerily unpredictable entity known as ernests gulbis. 
milos only 2/7 on his second serves... that's got to change.
it checks out. 

english education, moves to florida at 12 to train, and 8 years later you get this. 

 
i think he looks a lot better since leaving lacoste, it's such an old look. shorts were too short.
will check it out; thanks! i speak way better than your average ontario dweller... actually gotta run to my adult french lesson now.
yeah. its so refreshing hearing other pros talking about diet because if you only read the media about the djokovic habits etc it seems like it's crazy in tennis when in reality its not.
genie seems too perfect. 


[this looks terrible though!](http://siusopen.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/169504960.jpg?w=610&amp;h=429)

meanwhile, this was him in [lacoste](http://www.tennisidentity.com/photos/lacoste_paris_open_2012_m/lacoste_milos-raonicre.jpg).
cant remember berdychs backhand but if that is solid today he will trash gulbis. berdych hits deep and consistent. gulbis way too many errors 

edit: spoke too soon
http://live-tennis.eu/wta-live-ranking

according to this she's at 12 now (with sharapova winning too) and would go up to 6th if she won the final
ok thanks.
great fighting from sharapova. maria is one of the best front runners in a third set of all time. you just know when she goes up 3-1 or 4-1 she is not giving up that lead. the match against bouchard could be a good one but this is sharapova's tournament to lose now. given sharapova's great history of not beating herself i  think she's well on her way to another gs title.
"sharajevo" would of course be the ultimate pun, but not sure how politically correct it is to reference a war that was happening when djokovic was little.
milos is going to play him tough. but i think novak has the title this year. i think milos' best shot is going to be at the u.s open, where that serve will be impossible to stop.
novak sarcastically clapping for milos's ace at 4-5! he's got to be careful to not get too frustrated.
he broke 200lbs for a good chunk of his early career. federer more like 195
my favorite safin video ever: [training session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_mafqiccr0)

so clean
who's the chair umpire for this other than the best dressed chair umpire i've ever seen?
i like that! i guess we just have different tastes, and that's a-ok.
one of the special things about his watch is (obviously) that it's sweat resistant, and i believe its' timing mechanism is shock resistant so it keeps an accurate time despite the forces being exerted on the watch.
it is a little similar. but for some reason she doesn't bug me as much as maria does. 
oh no! they're hitting me right in the imaginary internet points! what will i do?
not so much the noise but she stood there fist pumping for about 10 seconds. it was rather over the top. 
jackpot.. having skill and being good looking is rare.
dear pan0ramic: [[makes it rain sponsor money]] u mad?

love, milos
ouch for milos! djokovic takes the set right at the death 7-5
yeah what the fuck was that? how can you get to that level and be so easily pissed off just cause you opponent serves well?
is gulbis seriously potentially on his way to a grand slam semifinal? 
makes sense. 
yeah that's fair :)
gulbis is a lot craftier that i thought. admittedly i haven't watched him a lot but he is using the whole court and executing the drop shots masterfully. berdych isn't a great mover but he's no slouch for a big guy. i really wonder how well the dropshots will work against djokovic.
i think it wasn't an ace.
the previous ace and that one were very close calls, i think nole was frustrated because the previous one was actually out. 
he looks strong
i'm going to assume that you hit closed stance for both forehand and backhand. i also have no idea whether or not you have a one handed or two handed backhand. but the footwork for closed stance is virtually the same. [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwwe613j-jq&amp;list=uuobi5gpxfna30oj0ndxw8ig) is court-level video of tommy haas (near side). [here is another video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwwe613j-jq&amp;list=uuobi5gpxfna30oj0ndxw8ig). closed stance is easy to tell apart from open stance because of the direction your belly button faces from your opponent. closed stance: belly button facing to the side of the court (more or less). and open stance is when your belly button is facing (more or less) towards the net/your opponent. while hitting closed stance (as with other stances) when the ball is hit to you, you split step (around the time your opponent makes contact), and then take your racquet back to the appropriate side for a fore/back hand. you step your leading leg right/left for back/fore hand, and execute your stroke. i'm not sure if i've explained what you want, but feel free to respond with any questions.
that guy yelling fault is fairly aggressive, i'm surprised neither player has asked the ref to tell the guy to tone it down a bit.
46% 1st serve percentage from berdych. i bet if he was playing federer hed be high 80' with every single one hitting the corners.

cant even watch the match since im at work
the one i referenced is blue and black, the only yellow and black one i can think of is the aero pro. but paint schemes are not what is important, no?
still you shouldn't lose your temper over this, he actually played kinda bad the next point and i'm sure it's linked.
as a canadian, i’m all for djokovic and not simply because he’s an awesome player, but because of what happens on tsn (our canadian disaster of a sports channel) when raonic plays. here’s what goes down: tsn will interrupt any other match to cover the raonic game. 2 days ago, the federer match was interrupted in the 5th set to cover the raonic game in full starting from raonic’s warm up.  i had woken up at 5 am on the weekend to watch tennis and by set 5 you can bet i was completely engrossed. can you feel my frustration? another genius move of tsn is that the station insists on airing the game with commentary from canadian commentators. they are silent most of the time. occasionally they narrate the game. they don’t make any observations that the eye cannot make.  as a canadian who is a fan of tennis, i cannot wait for the raonic to go home so i can enjoy watching tennis! 
berdych is helping him out as well.
milos is responding everytime. 
what's that chant they do at the french? one guy goes 'dadadadadadadaaaaaaa' and the crowd cheers. where does it come from? why do i only hear it at the french?
the gull is flying all over the court. 2-0 set lead. semis are comin´. 
gulbis is like "yas"
off topic-ish, but is anyone watching on itv4? i swear i might throw my tv out of the window next time i see that little girl on the nat west ad pause her way through a "i think my mum's magic".
so?
i think so too, but everyone has some way of venting. he regained his composure almost immediately. 
it's in the ipl, and had been adopted by many other sports. is it [this one you mean](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4bxgbuladk)?
are you having tendinitis of the patellar tendon? (http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/patellar-tendinitis/basics/definition/con-20024441)

you know it may not necessarily be stroke mechanics. tennis has a lot of hard stops, starts and changes of direction. if you're playing a lot, that can come into play, especially on hard courts.

tendonitis is an overuse issue, so the smart move is to take some time off, see a doctor with knowledge of sports biomechanics to see if you can find the root of the problem,  then work on stretching and strengthening the muscles around that tendon. moves like properly executed lunges and squats can help.
my latvian homeboy bringing the hurt today. he looks all business and ready to take advantage of everything that berdych gives him. he also seems to be dictating a majority of the points. nice aggressive play without overdoing it.
ernie don't give a shit bout some curse
ipl - indian premier league? and yes.
you think/know fed weighed that much? all those guys have big legs but fed has very little up top and he's not especially lean. 180-185 would be about right for somebody who looks like him at 6'1". nadal having been over 200 for a while is easily believable though. in fact i think both nadal and verdasco were over 200 in their epic australian open match, although when brad gilbert said something to that effect the other announcer said he was crazy.
yup
this is where novak starts breaking your will to play. he strings you along as then kicks you in the gut. 
ah. thanks
how can milos have any confidence left? how can he muster a fight at this point? he doesn't seem like the type to overcome mental adversity.
gulbis is denying us the berdych/djokovic match we all wanted. he's gonna get his ass kicked. 
he's played brilliantly but at this point i don't think anyone would have confidence left
why did we all want a djokovic/berdych match? i actually think gulbis provides more of a challenge for novak. 
doesn't look like you're going to have to wait long. 
he's beaten novak on clay and gave nadal a run for his money. 
now they battle.
the exact opposite is happening. i haven't been watching, since i'm watching novak-milos, but i would hazard a guess that gulbis is killing berdych in backhand-to-backhand rallies. 
that's not exactly raonic's fault. at this stage they have enough channels to cover all the singles matches. they have the berdych vs gulbis match on tsn2 if you don't want to see raonic.

i don't have a big issue with tsn covering canadian players. it bugs me more when they are using the us coverage feed and they'll keep switching to all the us player matches whenever they played. and us have a lot more players in the earlier rounds. some of them aren't all that interesting.
to paraphrase rounders, novak has cut off one of milos' legs (mentally). now all he has to do is lean on him.
comparing apples to oranges.
the worst part about watching any tennis tournament on tv is having to see the same 5 commercials on every break.
gulbis is outserving berdych...by a lot. he's getting 61% of his 1st serves in, compared to just 50% for berdych, and he's getting a lot more pace on his 1st serve, average of 207 kilos compared to tomas's 198. 
i expected much worse from your adjectives of ridiculous and terrible. the lacoste is boring, his new look is sleek, colorful and athletic.
don't forget about simona halep! only 22 and already no. 4 in the world.
can confirm, raonic has lost all will to be on the court. 
damn guga looking fly as hell.
his two handed backhand is incredible, among the most powerful i've ever seen.
goat dropshots from djokovic in the third set. 
just look that federer , the confidence !! , its like he is saying i am the king of this game you give your best to believe you can win !! no one ever will be as dominant as he was !!
tell us more.  who's this kid?
he went on to win this point, securing that game, and jurgen melzer gave him a low five as he walked past. amazing stuff.
never beat nole on clay, their only clay court match was at the 2008 french open, djokovuc won in three tight sets 7-5 7-6 7-5, overall djokoviv is 4-1 but they haven't played in 3 years, only loss was in basel indoor hard.

edit: you were talking about berdych beating djokovic on clay, i was talking about gulbis. sorry.
ernie g is the honey badger of tennis
but i think it does validate federer's loss a little bit. 
what up haters
gotta be the one-handed backhand down the line... when i'm in rhythm i can hit that shot from pretty much anywhere on the court. feels so right :d
with this win, ernests gulbis is now a grand slam semi-finalist and top ten player. pretty huge transformation in the past 18 months.
nice man, would be great if you could do it for the final or semi finals as well.
djokovic got the best game right now. these conditions favor him but seriously his tennis is amazing. against whom did he lose @ australian open again? ..nevertheless, like it always has been, if nadal or federer play their absolute best they can still beat him. but on an average day.. djokovic has it. crazy good.
yep, he always had the talent, it was just a question of getting his head and heart into it.  looks like he's finally realizing his potential.
this is my favorite tennis practice session video ever. i once fell asleep to this video, because i'd already seen it like 3x before. 
i normally use a two hander, but sometimes i can do what your talking about! i just feel like i channeled my inner fed when it happens!

i'm guessing this was the ballkid that sat with him during a rain delay.  djokovic held an umbrella for him and gave him one of his drinks.
yeah. ernie played great today and for most of the fed match. i think fed looks good going into grass court season. 
he meant that berdych has beaten novak on clay, berdych beat him at rome last year i believe, and that's why he believes berdych is the bigger challenge for novak. but other than that, novak has absolutely dominated berdych, 15-2. and gulbis provides a more difficult matchup for novak because of how awesome his backhand is. novak always wins bh to bh rallies against everyone with the exception being murray, but that wouldn't happen against gulbis when he is playing at his best. 
not when it's wimbledon fortnight on the bbc :)
thanks, i'll try.
there is one scenario where gulbis won't be top 10 after this tournament- if he loses in the semis, and monfils wins the french open (http://live-tennis.eu/)	

actually i'm mistaken, there is another scenario. if gulbis reaches the final and faces monfils, that will lead to the end of the world, hence no new rankings announced. 
rip earth
it's called the spanish horn. they say olé at the end. it is annoying as fuck.
the dropshot. when im on my forehand dropshot is unstopable. 
for some people it is easier to get the frustration out of their system before they can focus. everyone has different mechanisms to cope. djokovic has smashed racquets and gone on to win matches. it is not pretty but it seems to work for him.
sarajevo is a city, not a war (and it's not even a city in serbia), and "sharajevo" loses the sugary food part of the pun. 

not to over-analyze a silly joke, but i liked chocovic better.
best looking french open sf ever? sorry, i said it. should be a good match.
crushing my forehand into the middle of the net.
that's an ideal move at my local courts. half the nets have large holes through the middle of them

djokovic, murray, and gulbis are the masterclass of the two-handed bh in today's game. 
you've never heard of the bosnian war, wherein, among other things, serbia equipped and funded a paramilitary force that sieged sarajevo (the capital of bosnia) for *four years*? it happened while djokovic was a kid in serbia. basically the rep. of yugoslavia broke up, setting a ton of shit into motion, that included the bosnian war and the kosovo war. in the us, this is a very famous deal, as the breakup of yugoslavia and the war(s) that ensued resulted in clinton sending us troops to bomb the fuck out of people.

i guess it makes sense that you don't know this, since apparently not even young people in serbia today know the bosnian war happened, and it was only a few hundred miles away and serbians (and others) are being arrested for war crimes *right now* for their actions during it. http://www.voanews.com/content/tennis-star-novak-djokovic-unites-divided-serbia-128335653/170844.html

not to look like i'm taking offense at your comment, but my mind is fucking blown because for anyone my generation or older (i'm border gen x/y), this entire conflict is famous as *fuck*. everyone knows bosnia, sarajevo, serbia, the try-but-can't-correctly-spell herzegovina, yugoslavia, slobodan milosevic (sp?), ethnic cleansing, etc.

we have a super famous goddamned movie about it starring owen wilson and gene hackman! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/behind_enemy_lines_(2001_film)
i got to give a little respect to milos raonic for hanging in there and making the third set respectable. 
gulbis was asked about tennis, many people watch the wta, and  many female tennis players make a lot of money. it's a perfectly legitimate career choice. 

in any case, the popularity of the sport isn't really the point. what gulbis said is that women should think of family and kids, and that's why they shouldn't be tennis players. do i need to make an argument about why that's wrong?
i'd add nishikori to that list

edit: hey guys, how about you be a little nicer and don't downvote an opinion. in the madrid final his bh was absolutely surgical until he was injured.
i know it's not his fault. but i root for my own happiness. i don't disagree about the american coverage, but at least they switch back and forth.
mmm gorgeous game for us gulbis fans.
yes i know about the fucking siege of sarajevo, and about the collapse of yugoslavia. i just spent several months traveling around former yugoslavian countries. the point i was making is that it was a shitty pun, and sarajevo has nothing to do with djokovic. take your generalizations about young people elsewhere.

and it was a nato coalition that did most of the bombing, not clinton.
hey, that's my shot, too!

maybe we should start a club?
mine would have to be what i call the back breaker. on my second serve i bend my back ridiculously low to get that extra spin. def my signature.
also makes you feel bad... if federer put away that overhead maybe he'd be in the semi-final. 
and djokovic only went on a crazy diet after he was diagnosed with celiac.

it's not like he just read some bullshit about gluten-sensitivity and hopped on the gluten-free fad. 
i always thought he had a lot of potential and enjoyed watching him. there was a lot of doubt about his mental game. i remember watching him at the uso couple of years back. threw a lot of fits and really couldn't hone his concentration (reminded me a lot of young murray). glad he's able to make the adjustments to his mental physique and break through top 10. now i'm curious if he can keep this level of play and consistency to the end of the season. maybe make the wtf, that would be a good goal for him. 
anyone know where i can watch the vods for this match? i wasnt able to watch it due to a busy schedule today.
this is interesting.  some folks don't like nadal, so they want djokovic to stay in as long as possible to stop nadal from winning the french.  some folks don't like djokovic, so they want some player to stop him.
ernests "honey-badger-eagle-forehand" gulbis
running forehand hit flat and cross court. pretty much my desperation shot that i just naturally hit well. 
damn.  if halep still had her twins, the other half of the draw would have been "better looking".  
&gt; if gulbis reaches the final and faces monfils, that will lead to the end of the world

worth it.
he took risks with the second dive ... he could have injured himself while falling on his right arm, which he use to play.
garbage overheads:

not turning sideways

so backpedaling

then:

a) whiff the ball

b) hit it long

c) dump into net

d) frame it and it goes in for a dropshot winner
so raonic erred morer?
she is going to do great things for the wta.  
well, i wouldn't call that kid as his favorite.  it's like helping an old woman cross the street; it just so happened that it was the old woman right next to you and wouldn't call that old woman your favorite.
supercute. both of them! :)
bro chill
out of curiosity, what part of my previous comment is un-chill? i honestly was not angry, mad, upset, or un-chill when i wrote that. i was in sitting in my bed, completely relaxed, petting one of my rabbits, but now you and the other guy have misinterpreted my comment as un-chill, so i'm honestly wondering what part looks like that. because obviously i dun goofd.
how about a down vote for useless bitching?
&gt;congratulations to the hamburger.
it's a shame in order to do better he'd have to stop the one thing i want the most, djokovic winning the french open.
how about if it wasn't for rafa, fed would have won 20+ easily?
at the same time, i want djokovic to have an easier run to the final, where he would like to face nadal with more energy. but the way gulbis has been playing, he could give just as much trouble to djokovic if not more than federer would have. 
if halep hadn't had breast reduction surgery, she wouldn't still be in the draw.  too tough on the back.

i'm sorry that you're so skilled...
it was pretty clear to me that by "sarajevo is a city, not a war", he meant sarajevo is first and foremost a city and using it as a synonym for the bosnian war is not just distasteful but doesn't make much sense now.

you missed that point and went out of your way to explain how stupefied you are about his "ignorance".
lost to wawrinka
i wouldn't say i went out of my way to do anything but teach someone some interesting history that i honestly thought they didn't know about. but my passion got turned right back around into hate. :(

&gt;it was pretty clear to me that by "sarajevo is a city, not a war", he meant sarajevo is first and foremost a city and using it as a synonym for the bosnian war is not just distasteful but doesn't make much sense now.

could you explain how using sarajevo as a synonym for the bosnian war is distasteful?

and see, it wasn't clear to me that he was telling me it's offensive. it seemed to me he didn't know sarajevo had anything to do with any war.
as a latvian, knowing latvian athletes, i lost my hope after he dropped out of the top 100. we have the tendency of athletes shining only for a short time (with exceptions, of course) and then dropping in performance.
i do exactly the same.  i've had a couple of passing shots doing just that!
i don't think gulbis is here to stay, as he is too much out of the focus. 
i agree. to me this is the thing she is lacking the most that killer instinct. she was just spinning in her first serve pretty much the whole match in her loss to halep. if she wants to go deep in the majors she needs to crack her serve and bully her opponent with forehands...
happens to all of us. it's easy to misunderstand things online where there's no voice tone or face/body cues.
thanks for giving me peaceful closure in an otherwise upsetting subthread. :)
halep still looks great too with her reduction. much more proportional and better for her career.
lot of mayonese...tomato... etc  lol
not as well
your wish is our command, have a downvote.
technically, you're correct, but it's just a shorthand for saying "that ballkid that djokovic was with during that rain delay".
it's my first time, i tried i guess.

nice joke, though, i laughed. i'll try improving next time (if you'd like me to ever attempt noting who erred again)!

ps: he was also more aggressive.
yeah agreed, didnt know he said that. in any case he outplayed federer. i hope djokoveic puts him in his place, however, ha!
used to be my cc 2hbh passing shot from an open stance, then i broke my wrist and all i can do with my bh is slice :(
i agree that last year he had a lot of focus problems, but this year he seems to be super-focused.
don´t change. may the gull fly on top of the eiffel tower.
not that kind of player in the long run, i guess.
ah great. i wanted gulbis to beat berdych so he didn't pass federer in the rankings. now i will get to see nole to wipe the floor with the arrogant fucker.
personally, i didn't think it would happen.  people started paying attention to gulbis when he reached the quarters of the french back in 2008 back when he was 19 years old.  they clung to this hope a long time, even as he lost in first round of a slam after first round.

he lost in seven consecutive first rounds of a slam, and had only twice gotten past the third round of a slam.

it seemed like 2010 might be the year he'd do well.  he beat federer in rome, and took a set off nadal which was a year that nadal was having a dominant clay season.  but it didn't turn out that way.

there are other talented players you think could make it further, say, fognini or monfils, but you wonder if it will ever happen.  with monfils, his health is a huge issue.  at least with ernests, he had a powerful game and appears to not be injury prone, so it was a matter if he could live up to playing that game, and with so many chances to try to make it big, i thought he had blown it.
gulbis pls
everyone says he's a dick but since i've started paying attention to him (admittedly that's only about a year ago) he's come across as what we would call in my neck of the woods "an absolute legend" (if a bit cocky).

what did he actually to get his reputation?
i know, it was a joke.
exactly what i was thinking.
he's called federer. nadal and djokovic the c-word in an interview before. once said he was the "better player" when he lost a match to nadal. just shows a lack of grace in winning and worse in losing, he really thinks he deserves to be no. 1 in the world. only time will tell, i guess.

edit: [first incident](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/sport/tennis-gulbis-waits-for/1129818.html) and [second incident](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ixwc8mykug) because apparently i make shit up.
no, even if you were to mend it professionally at a metalwork shop, it will always feel off-balance. even so, just the risk that it will crack again and hit you in the face is not worth the effort anyway, so just throw it out.


this is fucking coincidentally and uncannily hilarious. i was saying this to myself this morning in my car -- the eaglebis just don't give a fuck.
damn, i read it as genie butchered maria sharapova.
who is bouchard's dentist?  dat smile!
[he called them cunts or cocks, one of the two](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/sport/tennis-gulbis-waits-for/1129818.html), but it's nice to see the poor attitude trickles down to the fans.
interesting guy, if he gets serious, he could be a problem to top ones.
http://i.imgur.com/ilngr.gif
zero. there was a point in my stream where the commentator said, "the crowd doesn't seem to be with gulbis but he doesn't seem to care."
i agree. in the scope of breast/body ratio, hers are still on the "big" side.
the canadian government (well, till she hit 18 at least)

edit: typo
i'm happy for him, i always believed in him and i don't even think he's punching above his weight yet. my friends gave me a lot of shit for thinking he was anything besides a clown, but it always seemed obvious to me that he belonged at least in the top 15. it's gonna take an heroic effort, but he can beat nole.
i said it before and i'll say this again. guilbis is going the final against nadal, and he's going to beat an "injured" nadal to win the title. then he's going to be a favourite for wimbledon and then lose in the first round. 
raonic is **the** canadian men's tennis player right now, of course tsn, the premier canadian sports channel will play all of his games in their entirety. as a canadian, i'd much rather watch the canadian players play, it makes the game far more exciting when you have a hometown guy to root for.
time will tell.
sharipova aged like fine wine
i was just going with what the person who submitted it to r/tennis thought it was. weird that they would censor that, if that's what it was. still a terrible thing to say about the greatest tennis players in the world for being "boring". i'd assume you would agree with that sentiment but you called me a fucking moron over nothing so i won't get my hopes up.
is there one with people doing it? like they did during the match?

gulbis had an amazing match. he'd could become a real contender soon. 
he was just frustrated he didn't get a racket on it. when you're playing a guy like milos who is so difficult to break because of a massive serve, i can see how it could be frustrating when you see a glimmer of daylight.
i'm usually watching in horror when nole uses droppers, but today they were magic.
i like both nole and rafa, although nole slightly more.
[mobile friendly version](http://fitbamob.com/r/tennis/umhzgip/)  


----------------------------------- 


^hi, ^i ^am ^a ^bot ^created ^by ^user [^wonglik](http://www.reddit.com/user/wonglik)^.

^if ^you ^have ^any ^comments ^please ^contact ^my ^creator.


i like to play with slices. since my favorite shot ever hit on tv was federer's famous overhead slice against roddick, i try to do that whenever possible, im getting surprisingly better at it. its a good ace in the hole bc its unexpected. i also love doing approach drop shots but disguising them to look like a big forehand/backhand.

love this question btw!
not even looking at picture no. if a frame has the slightest crack, the best idea is to stop playing with it immediately and not risk injury.

looking at the picture, definitely no. there's a reason he found it in the trash, sorry pal.
honestly i don't blame you for doing it since your 12.
i remember watching him at the delray tournament 4 years ago and thinking, "whoa this guy's got serious game".  but the whole "good ernests/bad ernests" thing was very apparent.  you never knew which one was going to show up, sometimes both in the same match. 

but i always thought if he could get his mind straight he could absolutely be a top 10 or top 5 player based on his game and raw talent.  seems maybe now he's putting it all together.  looking forward to seeing how his career unfolds from here.
maybe he had of potato. 

bad joke.
i dunno, i guess you could google it.
as a latvian, i`m constantly following him. he almost never takes medicals, almost never ends game prematurely...
i understand all the reasons you guys brought up, i didn't say he had no reason to lose his temper, i was saying that at this level i don't understand he isn't like a rock, psychology is immensely important in tennis, i would have expected champions like him not to bat an eyelid for this much.
she's only 27!
i'll be there with a huge smile on my mug
..are.. are you me?
nope. that frame is done. you can't mend it.
he's just craving for attention, might have to do with his rich background. admittedly he is always been a threat to top guys, but never really lived up to the hype in big events, so not many take him seriously, until today maybe. still, djokovic in 4
not taking anything away from the woman's side of tennis but men's matches usually go on for a lot longer, maybe after all the time spent on court they realize they won and it becomes too much. plus i bet they are emotionally exhausted at that point. just my opinion. 
perfect. i want to believe as well. 
they're actually crying because they had to play 5 sets for the same prize money. ;)

on a more serious note, i think you're working with a really limited sample size. from the top of my head i know clijsters cried several times when she won a slam. different people just respond differently, no reason to attribute it to gender.
classic verdasco. i don't know what is he saying, but i can imagine it perfectly...
the way he obliterated berdych made me sure he belongs there alright. it also made me certain if federer had put away that overhead he'd be playing in the semi-final... but then again roger has had his fair share of those, let's give the new guys a chance...
in his case, federer not putting away the overhead played a big role in his ascent to the top 10. he did however completely dismantle berdych.
thanks! i recently just joined reddit and found this sub reddit. i'm surprised this wasn't a thread!

posted before a while back
so my insurance company is my dentist?
short and weak inside out forehand with subsequent suicide charge into the net. bonus if ball accidentally clears the net and i don't get passed like a fool: wild volley ending 5ft long.
i am temendously out of the loop here. someone wanna give me a summary of whats been goin on with e.g.

edit: spellin
wow, talk about a growth spurt.
well, it's not what i meant but the canadian government does add fluoride to the running tap water for better dental care.
said some controversial things about the top 4, said they were boring cunts or something along the lines of that.
thanks! ill look for some articles on it
imagine a semi-final with genie, maria, halep, and ivanovic.... 
i've been following ernie since that breakthrough fo run back in 08. he was always frustrating. so much game, but just so much money that he frankly didn't really care about winning and was more about just having fun and enjoying himself. (see his run in with the law for prostitution etc.) 
last year when he had claimed he turned over a new leaf, i got excited. this year i am now more excited because it's probably been the longest stretch of tennis gulbis has played to level. here is to hoping he keeps it up for next year. though i miss his old forehand, it was just beautiful.
i said this last august:

&gt;i predict we are going to see some big movement in the rankings coming from gulbis in the next few months. he started the year ranked 136 and by the end of the 2014 australian open i think he will be back inside the top 20. he has always been one of the most talented players on the tour but he has never had the ambition or desire to pull it all together. but there has been a marked change in his behavior this year and he has said that if he doesn't improve that this will be his last year on tour.
i think the comment about the top 4 being boring was made a while ago. more recently he said something like women should be less inclined to enter professional tennis because they need to take care of the family.

"q: you have two younger sisters that play tennis, as well. are they going to be as good as you? when was the last time you played with hem?

    ernests gulbis: hopefully they will not pursue professional tennis career. hopefully. because for a woman, it's tough. i wouldn't like my sisters to become professional tennis players. it's tough choice of life.

    a woman needs to enjoy life a little bit more. needs to think about family, needs to think about kids. what kids you can think about until age of 27 if you're playing professional tennis, you know.

    that's tough for a woman, i think."

from this article: http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/tennis-busted-racquet/ernests-gulbis-french-open-4th-round-incur-wrath-131706527--ten.html
dental care is not covered by the gov't for people of any age. i wish it was, that stuff's ridiculously expensive.
maybe by "they" he meant the interviews 
potato, he is such a potato!
i love his attitude! seriously, niggas cool as ice cube
i think you buy a portion of the day ex:afternoon match(es) or evening. evening/later in the tournament are more expensive.
whats the context here? what did murray do? 
rip an inside out forehand smack right on the tape...
i guess we'll never know cause of the censorship. i think if everyone's interviews were more like gulbis' tennis would be worse for it. the original point still stands that the dude is disrespectful to other players and there's definitely more than the two examples of it. antisocialcripple was just trying to catch me in a lie for whatever reason.
the volley shank...when you build such a beautiful point, come into the net and for some reason get over-excited at how well you built that point and proceed to shank that volley.
nishikori drops down to 12th which is disappointing. we are seeing a changing of the guard in tennis though which is encouraging. now we need to see the likes of dimitrov, raonic, nishikori, gulbis and maybe janowicz in the top 10 together and stay there for a decent period.
if women cry, that's a sign of weakness and sexists will make a huge deal about it.
it's going to be not gluten-free v. gluten-free semi-final
way back in 2007 when he completely smashed robredo at the us open. 

i thought this was the future of tennis. a level of power the tour had never seen. perfect dropshots and lobs. his old slapshot forehand was even more massive than his current falcon punch.


hey guys, how about you be a little nicer and don't downvote an opinion?

edit: downvotes, really?????
crap, i wish this guy was playing nadal in the semi's and not novak. novak as handle him but he would be a solid test for nadal.
i think he's a test for both players. when he's playing his game, serving really well, attacking with the forehand, and being consistent with his backhand, he can play with anyone. 
this is the most serious/real interview i saw of him. refreshing, considering how many troll-like interviews he gives. i like how he references his nerves and the turning point in the 3rd set with getting believe in his strategy even though he lost set 4.
(:
my kick serve was legendary to my high school tennis team. 
there was an up-the-line shot that was called in and got overturned. which verdasco was upset about, then a serve was overturned. after that he hit murray (on purpose) with a shot when murray was at the net. 
from what i heard, he conceded the point. but i would like some context as well.
"the sickth man..."
god i hate exclamation marks.
basically he was mad about the serve, says "are you f***ing kidding me? call  the supervisor. call the supervisor. i don't wanna talk with him [murray walked towards verdasco]. every match you are insulting me." 

pascal marie was the chair umpire and verdasco had a huge beef with him after a few blown calls.  
it is in quebec till 12 years old.
hahaha video to that? (verdasco hitting murray)
he might be a bit cocky at times. but, you gotta give it to him. he's got confidence. i think i'm liking the gulb. i would love to see him give the other top players a run for their money.
holy shit has it been a half hour already? better mention halep's breast surgery \*breathes heavily*
i believe the first picture was taken at sarasota airport.  
i'm having a hard time finding video of it, i recorded this one myself. 
man i thought she was older, feels like she's been around for years.
definitely another to add to the list.
i think since he reached his life dream of becoming a pilot he's chilled out a bit
sign up on the viagogo site. it is the official ticket vendor of the french open. it's very simple. just wait till tickets go on sale and buy them quick because they sell out fast. however, people tend to resell their tickets back to the site so always check it to see what seats are available. 

there is no other way to legitimately get tickets as they encode your name into the ticket's bar code to be scanned and you have to show your license at the gate so it better match the ticket!

there is only a day session as roland garros does not have lights to play at night. you'll have to be lucky to see bouchard play. there is no telling what day or which court she will be playing on until the night before or day of.
anyone with a good kick serve is a legend to me. i try so hard but i more of a flat serve for speed and power then go in for the volley
6-1 is a breadstick
that neon yellow though! i couldn't find my favorite lacoste outfits he's worn, but ok maybe i w being a bit dramatic. socks aside today's new balance outfit wasn't half bad.
i'm actually really pissed that he beat federer, a top 4'er. not that i love federer overmuch or anything, but it's annoying when a douchebag is "proven" right.

it's ok, though, douchebagginess is a non-sustainable cycle. eventually it will backfire (again) :p
thanks for the details! i'll sign up and see how expensive and available tickets are if i were to wait until the schedule it's our each day. i always see so many open seats!
you might want to quit while you're behind.
sharapova highest paid female tennis player.... not for long!
this comment would've been more fitting five years ago...
what a knob.
it is for dental emergencies up till the age of 18, and that's nationwide. but yeah routine dental care isn't covered except in quebec.
saw her play at the aus open. she is stunning and has a great troop of canadians following her around.

easily most marketable player in the female tour.
i love my inside out forehand to opponent's backhand, followed by an approach. it's literally my only weapon, if only for the element of deception. otherwise i'm mostly a defensive grinder.
you bastard.
right, sorry, i should've clarified that i meant routine dental work. 
you bring up an interesting point. it's even more interesting when you think of cultural impacts from different societies as these professionals are from all parts of the globe. 
i want the women's game to have best of 5 finals at slams at least! that is why so much is different about the men's and women's tennis, and perhaps the video shows a small sample of emotional impact of winning slams. the men's olympic gold match worked that way, best of 3 until the final, and i would love to see the women's game raise to that level!
i'd like to see both men and women moved to that format for the grand slams, to be honest. i suspect it's more likely we'll see men move to best-of-3, though.

playing 5 sets so often isn't healthy and i'd rather careers last a bit longer.
the tweener.  i seriously have an atp level tweener and a 5.0 game.  a former professional coach told me that i'd have a full ride to play at stanford if i spent as much time working on my backhand as my tweener...
yeah his new forehand is kinda disgusting to watch, really unorthodox. 
i hold the racquet with a western grip so i can get an insane amount of spin on the ball. so sometimes when my opponent hits me a cross court forehand i like to spin a short cross court forehand right back at them. and even if my opponent gets to the ball, s/he is so out of place that i can finish the point quite easily. 
how is it compared to delpo's running forehand? 
haha this has been said since he reached the quarters at the french open 6 years ago. ernie's motivation/performance has been fluctuating since then with breakout in 2010, collapse in 2011, and redemption in 2013/2014. 
i'm in a similar vein but i would prefer that the grand slams are best of 5 from the quarter-finals and onwards.
fuck you, sexist prick. 
i can't believe that she won wimbledon at age 17... she's been on the tour for so long it seems like. 
fun fact: the "genie armie" at the aus open are actually aussies. they do have the canadian national anthem well memorized though.
/#rekt
will be kinda awkward if genie goes through (i actually give her the upper hand)... not sure sharapova will accept it gracefully....
it looks like it's in florida after a sharapova training session. who walks in court outfit with a bottle of water in an airport?
australian-canadians or just plain australians?
plain australians
come on he was the guy that hold the federer storm , he defeated federer at a time where no one would even think of beating him !! , after nadal beat him things were never the same ...
yeah i guess he is , strong forehand , sharp serve ! the thing is next up is djokovic and he hasn't even been tested in this tournament so as a match it would be good but in the end novak might just hold his nerve better !!
in my defense, i was using sarajevo metonymically, not synonymically. i just neglected to correct the person in my previous post.
know. 
the kick always came in very handy in doubles. i would have the time to go straight to the net and put the pressure on fast. i wasn't the greatest player on the team but i had that bit of strategy down pat
good call... those were some tough sets, though.
i agree, but if he loses to djoker, he could easily crash once again... right?
not a knock on the wta, but the atp tour is soooo much more difficult to crack into even just the top 30. they know they are the best and after winning 7 best of 5s, they've just proven themselves. plus money.
excessive use of exclamation marks is a sign of a mental disorder so yeah.
i hate this guy so much.
i saw him live in madrid a few weeks ago, he was yelling at the little ball kids because he wanted all the balls and then he would throw back like 3 or 4 in every serve. and they weren't fast enough. one person from the crowd said something like: come on they are just kids! ( in spanish ) because some of them were really young. 

http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/05/11/article-2625647-1dc1cce500000578-431_634x460.jpg

he assumed they guy from the crowd was insulting him and taunted him when he won the next game... 

so arrogant... i'm a nadal fan and i hope djokovic beats him badly. 
the great forehand approach shot followed by overhead into the net/5-8 feet long
weird to see so much dislike for him in here. i've always seen him as the arrogant yet loveable underdog who always says what's on his mind.   
tennis needs more characters and in a sense he is right -  the top guys are forced by sponsors and the public to be extremely politically correct and sometimes to the point of being really boring cunts. it's not their fault, every little misstep or wrong word might get taken out of context and you will be harrassed constantly (like what happened to murray). because of that i have great respect for gulbis and i hope he never changes.   
  
i also wonder if he had beaten nadal or djokovic would the reaction be same?   
 

personally out of the top half i'm tipping ferrer to make the final again.
lol what is wrong with that comment? 
did you see that huge spare tire around townsend's belly in the french open?  the other bigger women you mention didn't have that kind of gut fat.  it's simple physics really and that gut is preventing townsend, an awesome player, from being even better.  in contrast, serena williams is an amazing physical specimen that naturally carries a bit of fat and she has some fairly ripped abs given her natural body type.  simply put, townsend could be even better by dropping some weight--faster, better stamina, and less injury prone.


yes on the former
double fault.

good shots? i have a wicked slice.
it would've been totally fine if he'd limited the comment to his sisters. some people took issue with his speaking for women in general though. 

in any case, it's pretty obvious that kim clijsters didn't cross his mind in that moment.
i don't think there's a significant difference. but for tennis players, especially for the ones who are already good and always were called talented and the next great stars of the tour, it's understandable. there's so much build up pressure on their shoulders it's unreal. besides all the media hype, the most nerve wrecking thoughts always come from yourself, your expectations of what kind of tennis you can/want/do play in every tournament. and if at a slam you finally are able to play those 7 matches and win them all...
i can't imagine what that must feel like. when murray won wimbledon you can watch the weight drop. amazing moment.
yeah he got misunderstood pretty badly here. he pretty much just said that it's a hard life for a woman who wants to have kids eventually, nothing more haha.
you're saying the same thing aren't you? 
last birthday as #1!
let's be honest. 

any other day of the week federer would have made that easy smash that he missed. 

gulbus is in the semis because federer missed an easy shot to go 2 sets up. not because of his amazing play. 
ferrer in the finals...hmm. could beat murray, you think?
if that's what you need to tell yourself…
i like how this is what rankles /r/tennis and not his recent mysoginistic remarks. stay classy
i dont understand how she beat serena then and now has the worst streak against her. so much of it is in your head
gluten vs gluten-free semi final. too many redundant words in your sentence
i think everyone wants a nadal djokovic rematch. i'm just worried djokovic won't be in top form due to his tough draw.
djokovic to win both.
there is this guy who just has a way of getting to me. i'm normally quite composed and hit pretty decent shots with both forehand and my one handed backhand. i can usually out fox my opponents so i have a pretty good win record. however this guy just hits moonballs to my backhand until i get nervous and miss. this leads to me being more nervous and making more mistakes.   
even if i start well and get into a lead this guy takes a time-out which is so frustrating for me. when he comes back he just picks his ass and looks at me with his stupid smug face and i start missing again. i struggle to get his second serves over the net. 
my friends used to say i'm the best player around but now this asshole is ruining everything.   
  
please help /r/tennis, it's pretty annoying and i would like beat him before i retire.   
thanks,   
rog 
verdasco's serve was called out when it looked to be in, but the umpire refused to go check the mark because he thought the call from the line judge obstructed murray's return. 

however, it looked pretty clear that the serve was in and murray wouldn't have returned it anyway - he was stretching hard and just managed to hit the ball off to the side.

in the end, murray conceded the point, which proved verdasco's point. good sportsmanship from murray.
(posted this above)

verdasco's serve was called out when it looked to be in, but the umpire refused to go check the mark because he thought the call from the line judge obstructed murray's return. 

however, it looked pretty clear that the serve was in and murray wouldn't have returned it anyway - he was stretching hard and just managed to hit the ball off to the side.

in the end, murray conceded the point, which proved verdasco's point. good sportsmanship from murray.
friend of mine doesn't serve as well as me, doesn't hit as well as me, has next to no variety in his game, but is a great defender, quick and just. doesn't. tire.

i find this very unnerving, and it's hurting my game. my main problem is on my own service games: my 2nd serve isn't good enough to put pressure on him (which is in large part because again, he's a good returner), so anytime my first isn't in, i'm already almost guaranteed to be engaged in a standard rally, and against him i lose more of those than i win.

so: assuming i'm already working on my 2nd serve, what else can i do?
swarley pls.
by the time the daily schedules are out all of the tickets will be long gone unfortunately.
even the resale market?
yeah. i don't think rafa's top spin is enough to remove nole from his comfort zone the way it used to be. nole also played against way tougher opponents over the past 2 weeks, so i'm guessing this will be nadal's second rg loss in history. 
it's not that abhorrent of an opinion. i honestly don't know the country's traditions. i applaud the honesty and he seems like a decent guy otherwise. 

 
he said their interviews were crap. not that they were cunts. 
overly sensitive?
actually i would argue that the other bigger women i mentioned did have spare tires of their own as well.  we could quibble over exactly the size of those spare tires or gut fat, but they are or were there nonetheless.

that isn't the point though.  the issue isn't whether townshend could be *better* if she lost some weight.  the issue is with the usta outright **refusing** to support her any further in any tournaments unless she loses weight.  meanwhile, the girl is the **reigning australian open juniors singles champion, the wimbledon junior doubles champion, and the number one ranked junior in the world.**  and she just succeeded as a wild card to the third round of the french open.

you can't argue with results.  and while she has the potential to get better if she loses weight, the fact is she's already kicking the asses of all of her competition in her age class, most of whom are perfectly thin and fit, and beat world class adult players to get to the third round of the french.  i'm sorry, but if you're the usta you don't withdraw financial support from a talent like that when she's posting results like this.  it's just ridiculous.
i'm beginning to think that 24 is the new 19 in men's tennis, although with ernie i think the muscle that really needed to develop was the one between his ears.

looks like he's finally coming into his own.

^(oh god i hope i haven't just jynxed him...)
sounds like you have no hope. you must be a terrible player
but i still think that murray will beat monfils today and even nole on a good day.
latvia was first in europe to give women voting rights. it has 2nd highest percentage of women in senior leadership in eu (29,0%, finland is 29,1%), there are a lot of female high-ranking politicians - currently 2 out of 3 highest positions are held by women. latvia definitely is one of the least sexist countries in europe.

regarding his comments - that sounds like he's just trying to shelter his baby sisters. pro tennis is really hard work after all. it's not like he said that no women should ever play tennis professionally.
we actually did a survey on who people think would win wimbledon recently.

[people said murray to win](http://wimbledondebentureholders.com/articles/survey-reveals-brits-back-murray/)
yes, murray has proved himself in the past and earned people's respect. it is only likely to expect anything less from him.
nah man, gulbis played pretty great. look how he just rolled over berdych. 
it's pretty crazy how far he's come. back in jan 2013 he was still playing obscure challenger tournaments.
so you're telling me gulbis would have won the next 3 sets after being 2-0 down? not a chance. 
so if federer won that point and went 2 sets up. you're saying gulbis still would have won? get real. 

it was federer that lost the match not gulbis who won it. 
 i understand pro tennis is a lot work. but it's still a dream profession. being a doctor, an oil rig worker or an accountant surely sucks harder on a day to day basis. 

the hardest shot good movers have problems with is a flat hard ball right to their feet. if he's a great athlete moving them side to side usually doesn't work as they'll just get everything back and you'll eventually miss.
.
that's exactly it. this is why the top guys only say polite remarks because everything might get taken out of context.   
now people are pissed that he called players cunts and said that women shouldn't play tennis when it's just not true...  unfortunately most people only read the titles and make false conclusions, hence the current gulbis hate.   
i'd give the dude mad respect for not giving a shit.
i'm not sure i would give her the upper hand just yet. she's 0-2 against sharapova and has yet to win a set. 
she's at that stage in her career where you rapidly improve. these stats make more sense with vets 
i dislike him for his ugly forehand more than the whole 'boring big four' thing. and yes i think it would, but only because it comes so soon after the most recent controversy.
you mean the recent controversy where people only read the editorialized title and made false conclusions? like when some random guy thought he called top players "cunts" when he might as well meant that the interviews were crap. or when he said it's tough for women to focus on family when playing professional tennis and hopes his sisters follow a different path but the title said "gulbis says no woman should ever play tennis" so most just jumped on the hate wagon.  
  

and ugly or not, that forehand is a fucking hammer.
the better player won. i'm sure if he had beaten nadal, people here would be acting like it's the second coming of jesus.   
stan was a douche to his wife yet that didn't stop the stanimal circlejerk.
the point is not whether he could have come back from 2 down, it is the fact that he did. and his performance on the court is in no way related to his interviews.
i'm 6'9 and my much shorter friend loves to hit low flat balls with very little spin, so every shot i hit i'm reaching far down for and i very rarely get a ball in my strike zone. also his preferred shot is his backhand and it's my weakness
he said it about his sisters as the life on tour is hard. it is been taken a bit out of context. not saying i agree with the underlying sentiment.
true ... but these losses were last year, and one was on clay. not saying she can't win, but no way does she have the upper hand. 
at this stage of her career increments in play level happen in way shorter durations than 1-year. bouchard of last year is a different player.
there's a chance
hah! hah! ... almost as bad as santoro's forehand. 
the women matches will not start before 16.45 this is sure. after that, only god knows :)
old people. i'm a 4.0 d3 college player, but i just can't seem to beat guys 3 times my age. the slicing, lobbing pushing game they play just drives me nuts. i thrive on pace and it just absolutely tears me apart. backspin, and flat, short shots, even drop shots. it kills me. i prefer to serve and volley, and if i don't hit a winner it seems like they can pass me anytime they please. this puts more pressure on me to go for bigger and bigger shots, but all that does is increase my unforced errors. 
my wife.  she's been playing her whole life.  i've been playing seriously for the last 2 or 3 years.  she's 6 inches taller than me, and has a pretty decent serve.  she's just a million to one more consistent than i am.

in fact, i can't beat her, but i can lose to anyone because i'm so inconsistent.

of course the short and correct answer to my problem is simple.  repetition.
and tumors...don't forget the tumors!
i've never been able to beat my former housemate. he had a shit forehand, shit serve, basically shit everything but always ran every ball down and managed to push it into my court, it was really frustrating. i had no strategy against him, he made 0 mistakes. 

on the bright side, every time we played a pint was at stake; the loser could ask for an extra single set, the loser of the latter would have to buy a whole case; it was always on me but at least our fridge was always packed with beer.
pretty sure this was the 2011 semi when djoko hadn't lost all year, right?
don't i know it.  i'm a low 3.5, but, despite my... uh... stockiness, i move really really really well.  meanwhile, my father-in-law is this arthritic, crippled, pigeon-toed tennis god, and he and all of his buddies just know how to wear me out and put the ball to where i still can't get to it.

but thanks for the confidence builder.  now i know i can still get better and lose regularly to these old farts.
hope not but doesn't look good
couldnt have said that better myself.
it's like i've just been fresh prince'd.
paris rain, yikes. as much as i'd love to watch the women's singles (surprisingly more interest than the men's, imo) my time zone is forcing me to sleep already. 
i don't like the comment but i feel like it may have been misconstrued. if he did really mean that a woman's first priority in life should be having children, then that's not cool. that being said, people shouldn't be having kids before 27 anyways (imho).
this may not be the best answer, but seems like an obvious fix to me. obviously they must be in good shape for their age, but there aged. they will tire much faster than you if you keep them running. opponents like that are great ways to work on your own consistency. 
but they're still together? stan and his wife? 
i disagree with the topspin part affecting djokovic's play. rafa's topspin has never been an issue for him since his preferred hit zone (for the backhand anyway) is up near his shoulders. that's why he has been so problematic for nadal. it's the low shots that djokovic has problems with, which is why nadal improved his slice so much and used it to great effect at the us open. it's also why federer gave djokovic a much harder time in 2011, his shots are much lower than nadal's, and out of djokovic's hit zone.
it's my dad... my dad. i am faster than him. i have more stamina than him. i have more power than him. he is good, but when he plays me it is as if all his cares go out the window. he is painting the line left and right. it makes me so mad. we have been playing for years!
drop shot!
being speedy and steady are incredibly useful tennis traits.
is this supposed to be an unusual celebration?

i feel like i see players do that all the time.
had me until "picks his ass." well played.
note that "really boring cunts" turns out to actually be "giving interviews that are crap". the exact quote is "their interviews are boring. honestly, they are c---"
it's not just repetition, it's getting your stroke repeatable.  some people seem to have 3-4 different forehands or 3-4 different backhands and it's mostly unintentional.  in general, you want your swing path to have roughly the same shape and be something that is reliable.  i've played with people that have hit for years, and they are not any more consistent, mostly because they value hitting hard vs. learning how to hit consistently.
you're the han solo of tennis players.  prefer a straight fight.

how good is your drop volley?
as someone who's only starting to get into watching tennis and has only seen men's matches; why is women's more interesting?
*cue laugh track*
yes, sorry, i realised it after i posted it.
i definitely get what you're saying. i need to be a lot more patient as well. i know i'm in better shape than they are 99% of the time, so if need to be a lot more wise with my shots and use them when they are appropriate. 
honestly not that great. i'm so used to getting strong returns from other college players that i usually use that pace to hit a more powerful, deep volley. gotta work on my finesse!
pretty sure they just mean today's matches, not in general. also, i have no idea how anything on the women's side could be more interesting than murray v monfils...
do you play tennis professionally or recreationally?
they do
wow, we have the same signature move i guess.
yup, what a dick of a celebration.
well, rafa-ferrer will be boring as fuck, so maybe that cancels out murray-monfils?
at the pro level, everyone's had to learn the drop volley for almost the reason you state.  the players get to the shots (deep volleys) and have a chance to hit it.  the drop volley means that they may not even reach it to get a second chance.  or, even keeping it short can lead to ineffective replies where deep shots can lead to lobs.
if they keep the current schedule then i think they'll get the ladies matches done if the rain goes off before 6. i think it's unlikely that the men get finished (if they even get started) tonight unless all the matches go lightning fast (i reckon unlikely given that the 4 men involved are 4 of the fastest most dogged ball chasers in the history of the sport - a lot of long points predicted in both matches).

there should be some tennis today but i doubt they get through the schedule.

the good news is that the weather should be ok the next 2 days and being the tail end of the tournament they can add extra matches to chatrier and lenglen if required.
as i understand, stan divorced his wife to progress at tennis but are now back together. according to stan's wife in 2011: “stan returned on september 20 after the davis cup in kazakhstan and told me he had new priorities. he packed his bags and moved into a hotel… there would have been another solution, if he had spoken to me about it.”     
i hope winning that slam means he can allow time for family as well.

i'm saying we can't attribute one single point to the result of the match. if that was the case then fed shouldn't have been able to come back in the 4th set. 
true, i wouldn't mind catching petko play either, i really hope she keeps improving, i missed her, i need someone other than lisicki in my life.
well he's come through his draw pretty easily up until now, if he makes quick work of gulbis he'll be in top shape for the final
for the ladies, i was very impressed with madison keys. her strokes were awesome but her shot selection was brain-dead. 
he didn't come back from 2-0 behind. he was never more than a set behind. 
federer is better than gulbis. even though federer was 2-1 behind that's not as bad as 2-0 and for someone like gulbis who hasn't always had the best attitude in the court, 2-0 down would have been too much psychologically. 
the courts have been uncovered and the ladies' matches look like they will begin soon. the stadiums are filling up with people.
&gt; federer is better than gulbis


in this match he clearly wasn't. "on his day" argument doesn't stack up.

attitude on court doesn't matter. see john mcenroe

ps. i'm not comparing gulbis to mcenroe skill wise
he wasn't but he could have been. ifs and buts don't matter when the match is done
gulbis can afford to call people names and engage in other kinds of "antisocial" behavior (questionable injury timeouts, for instance) because he doesn't depend on fans and sponsors for money and support. others, like rafa, nole, and roger, don't have that luxury.
you need to eat man! just a little, healthy snack about a half-hour before you go on court is perfect.
&gt; a bottle of water

terrorists
i've never seen denial so strong.
how is it being a dick?
hopefully petkovic in 2

i hate watching errani play
i don't see why people are being so pessimistic about ferrer-nadal. yes, it's decently likely ferrer will get beaten pretty bad, but the guy did just win his first match over rafa in 10 years on clay. and he's in pretty decent form here, it looks like.
finally!
yeah congratulations gulbis , after 2 months if he stays there , then i will talk about him !! to early to pump up !!
my on-the-run, flick one-handed backhand. for some reason i just have incredible control with this shot. praise be to the almighty federer
supplement potassium. bring a banana to court- your sodium-potassium levels become unbalanced as you play so just take a small bite every so often. this is why you see all the players have two drinks, one that is usually just water and the other is an electrolyte drink like gatorade or a mix of some sort.
thanks for the tip, i'll keep it in mind
nah yo, he just really likes mutombo.
drink coconut water
4-2 after 0-2.

good start for petko!
this is actually my most ideal scenario, i tip my hat to you!
this is a new opinion to me. i'd enjoy some elaboration and perhaps some examples!
well i suggest not watching then ;) her serve is virtually non existent, is that always the case with her?
yes i mean that controversy.
finally. this is petko's first won set in a grand slam quarterfinal.


yes. she always just spins the ball in. sometimes in the 60 mph range.
pretty much

her game involves a lot of yelling, terrible serving and long rallies where she basically waits for the opponent to make an error
go halep!
she looks strong so far, would love to see her get to her first semi!
yep, 15 players in the top 100, 10 in the top 50; spain owns tennis.
wtf is going on with errani? this is just pathetic.
pickle juice! i love it!
this is why i always get a laugh when internet armchair tennis "experts" call rafa a moonballer, when they have no clue how hard and heavy his ball would be coming at them if they were on the receiving end of it.  

as someone who has watched rafa and other top pros practice courtside in person several times, i can say i have never heard the ball audibly explode off a player's racquet the way it does when rafa hits his forehand.  
she is like the pusher we all fear facing.
i play alot of doubles and in mho its better to place your volley in that very front corner of the service box to either far side. kills anybody. 
i feel like petkovic just needs to win her serve.

errani is that bad at serving.

i don't remember her being quite so bad at serving.

i love how brave petkovic is playing. really attacking that serve.
and no davis cup title since 2011.
you can understand that switzerland don't have won a davis cup as we are federer dependent, but spain has a bigger player density.
she's always been a terrible server
yes, but that bad?

petkovic knows exactly what she has to do and errani can't do anything about it.
errani falls apart against anyone worth a damn. she's a bit like ferrer except not as consistent in that she can routinely beat some top 20.

okay this one looks like it was over before it started. 

whew, now we can watch some real tennis. 
it probably will be boring, but you never know... the last nadal-ferrer match was awesome.
how she wins any service games is beyond me. her first serve winning percentage is 36%. 

edit: 2nd serve is 18%.
sorry to see everyone hating on sara, she's a very limited player but she makes the most out of her qualities. i think she's being butchered today because a tall player like petkovic can easily get on top of her serve, just like sharapova ends up brutalising her each time. besides the favourable matchup, andrea is looking very hungry and solid though.
and all petkovic has to do on the second is stand in the field and hit it.

is anybody else getting a white screen with a gray circle and exclamation mark (otherwise known as the gray circle of death), when trying to watch this match on espn3 streaming?

i've always been able to watch matches no problem on espn3 but today for some reason i'm getting this error screen.  
not bad
it's working fine for me. the last time i had trouble, rebooting fixed the issue.
petkovic won, tennis is saved.
wow that was a great match by petkovic.

no chance for errani.
i dislike excessive exclamation points as much as the next guy but this doesn't seem like a thing that would be true.
here's hoping that he will at least partially fill the safin sized void in my heart/the pro tour.
he wasn't even that fast, he was just incredibly good at anticipating, he read me like an open book and at some point i would take care of giving away the point.
halep is really enjoyable to watch. big shots, great timing, smart point construction...all in one package. 

she is really outplaying kuznetsova
what website is this?
i won a 4.0 division filled with crafty old men last summer. i found they could all be beaten by making them run up and back, serving well, and playing their game back at them. if they hit low slices and drop shots, i hit low slices and drop shots. i tried to make them stretch, run, and lunge for every single shot. touch shots require a great deal of finesse, and the faster your opponent gets tired the less effective their touch shots end up being. so i'd just move them around and slice the slice and tire them out. by the end of the match i'd basically be playing my normal game, as most gave up mentally midway thru set 2.
pushers can be beat with a combination of drop and passing shots along with a decent topspin lob, provided you can hold your serve.
these match threads would be better for casuals if the names of the players would be made into hyperlinks which link to some sort of player bio.


go monfils!  both players are fun to watch, this one should be great
i have a real problem beating people who hit harder than me. i am extremely quick and fit, and have ok strokes / strategy myself, but if somebody can consistently hit heavier groundstrokes and knows what they're doing tactically they will eventually put the point away.
dropshots never worked, passing shots did sometimes but actually the one thing he didn't suck at was net play! seriously, he was sent to this earth to make me miserable! keep in mind this was a while ago, we were both extremely casual players and it rarely got too competitive.
thanks snakes!

in addition to equalling his best fo showing, a win today will also move murray ahead of berdych in the rankings.

a win for monfils will equal his best slam showing, and move him up to 16 in the world, which would be his highest ranking in two years.

edit: grammar 'n' shit.
there's only one andy murray!   
one andy murray!   
walking along!    
singing a song!     
walking in a murray wonderland!    
wow, talk about hating errani circlejerk. bare in mind she might not have played to well, but she was once number one, i give her that much respect. 
i still sometimes get woken in the night by horrific flashbacks of their final last year, that's why. it doesn't leave you easily.
as much as i wanted sveta to continue her win-a-slam-every-five-years pattern (or just to win another slam, period), i really love watching simona play.
bum bum bum bum bum bum ba gael!
again, straight sets imo
i like how monfils is quietly making a comeback, reaching the final in doha and winning montpelier. i think he realized that his career is not infinite and he wants to win now, not just entertain. it will be interesting for him this year, i predict he maybe can reach top 10 next year.(he is more than capable if he wants it enough)
le monf can turn it on, i think these slow starts are going to force him out here soon..  has to get the crowd behind him
please finish this before the sun goes down andy! i don't think my little heart could take that again...

murray wins the first set and the nadal-ferrer match is a grindfest. this could be his best chance at a french final :o i totally just jinxed it

murray you're a fookin legend
french players have a habit of not showing up on the big stage.  as much as i would like for it to be a match, i think andy is gonna take it in straights
as flashy as monfils is, he's mostly a defensive player.  it may help him play against nadal (or ferrer) because they may adopt a similar style.
come on murray! do it for england!
what's exciting about monf is how he switches from defense to agressor, that and the power serve when he needs it
stopping the game cause a referee fell? strange...
if i had to hit with rafa, i would seriously shit my pants anytime the ridiculous top spin would come at me. lots of shit. :(
i'm at work - - be that as it may, i would like to express my sincere appreciation for this thread. 

also, vamos rafa. 
right now andy is just moving monf wherever he wants to, monf just needs to show a little more attack and take control
come on murray!
bye bye ferrer, looks like your pain will continue.

i so want him to beat nadal in a grand slam, its almost as bad as watching nadal trash federer all the time
on serve!  go monf
anyone know what monfils said?
just screaming at himself, he just tells himself what he should be doing, how to read the serve or play more agressive, make that shot...
smart play by monfils at 3-1 really attacking that murray 2nd serve when andy was struggling with his serve.
vamos ferrer!
&gt;nadal improved his slice so much and used it to great effect at the us open

agreed. too bad the slice doesn't work on clay though.
no. now link me a published scientific study that supports what you just said.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7zrmtdpv71rpd76eo1_250.gif
i have a feeling this match is going to be grueling. prediction: a fist-pumping spanish player that says vamos a lot is going to win. 
ferrer's strategy: backhand backhand backhand always hit to his backhand omg this needs to go to his backhand.
drop-smash, love it!
if you watched the point at *1-2 15-40 you see why.. or the point after that, for that matter.
a buddy ruined murray for me by saying that his grunt sounds like he's just about to sneeze, that's all i hear now whenever he serves
how do they tell 40-all in french?
or if you watched dimitrov's match v nadal.
come on ferreeer breaak already.

edit: yeaaaah
edit2: damn
these rallies have been beautiful to watch so far, beautiful crunch each time the ball hits the tennis racket


edit: oh shit, outta nowhere, set point...ah man, not to be this time around :(


what a brutal rally but set 1 is in the bag, yes murray you beautiful bastard



and 5-0 up in the second, brilliant step up from murray from the first set, one way traffic now, finish him andy



dont take any of the crowds bullshit muzza, dont concede the point...nooo! ah for gods sake...ah well, 2 sets to love


without giving any spoilers away, that other quarter final...wow
it's more impressive considering how long he was out and how low his ranking slipped. he went from #7 in july 2011 all the way down out of the top hundred just 18 months (i think) ago.
nadal is broken. 1-3. right now, ferrer is looking much stronger. nadal running around his backhand much more than usual.
ferrer actually broke nadal, there really something wrong with nadal, especially as it was an unforced error from him.

my prediction for this match is 7-6, 7-6, 6-2. ferrer is going to give everything he has for the first two sets, play better than rafa, and still manage to lose them, and then he'll get deflated in the third set and rafa will power through the last set. 
poor rafa needing to run around every backhand to try to hit a forehand.... a sound strategy for ferrer.
egalite
menstral cramps?
i'd highly recommend taking a look at it now, it's already seeming like one of the better matches of the tournament.
rafa is moonballing more than errani.. 
and 30-all?
wait. is ferrer actually not laying down to get rolled?
come on la monf, you need to be less passive.
there's a lot of heart in that compact little machine.  shame so many people can't appreciate her.  
slow start as normal, he was starting to get going there towards the end
trente all 
trente ah

or 

trente partout
monfils: "fck i'm already down a set, might as well 'entertain' for the remainder of the match"

-monfils down a set &amp; break. not looking good.

-murray is looking go two breaks ahead.

-murray is up two breaks and a set!

-andy leads 5-0 in the second. set is almost gone for monfils.

- murray wins the second. up to sets 6-4, 6-1
trente à [tous], literally thirty to all.

you can also say trente partout (thirty everywhere) but à seems more common at the pro level.
if ferrer does win(somehow), i'll give gold to the first reply to this comment.
is that french for equality?
i don't think that's what is happening at all.  he is talking to himself, trying to get refocused, get his head back in and make andy stop and think about how he is playing.  make andy slow down; overthink and start playing out of his game.
 done
murray is turning into a good clay courter here. too bad he's probably playing the clay goat next round. that's gonna hurt the confidence level. 
in the last years nadal or even ferrer didn't play the matches so spain loses a lot of potential. but spain has won 4 times in the last 10 years so yeah.
they should just call that egalite also, if they're playing ads. 
what a point! 
you flair tells me the gold will only be a consolation prize. 
dont forget it's clay court season, the spanish specialty.  it is probable they will drop some after wimbledon and the us open.  

not to say spain doesn't have many good players. they are all just up a some ranks (not many of course but a few).
does rafa seem pissed off to you guys too?

edit: that last service game of rafa's was ugly
what a rally! and a what a ferrer counterpunch on that nadal banana shot.
damnit ferrer break like your fucking life depends on it. 
that was amazing because:

1.) it was amazing and

2.) nadal gave up at the end.
these guys are hitting the shit out of these balls, heavy strokes.
amazing stuff from ferrer.
how has murray played this tournament? i haven't been able to see a single one of his matches yet? he had a decently tough draw, kohli, verdasco, and monfils are all tough clay courters when they are on their game, which is a big if, obviously kohli was.  
ferrer. vamos
he's just 2 points away from taking the first set!
ferrer is full tilt, hell run out of steam by 3rd set
yaaasss ferrer
yea.. i was kidding about entertaining part. but murray is playing well, or mofils not playing well. murray close to being two sets to love.
wow that point at 0-30 sums up nadal-ferrer's rivalry. ferrer plays a really good point, hitting consistently to rafa's bh, and then hits one bh where rafa can get around and crank a forehand, and he does, and he ends the point. so demoralizing.
ferrer you beasstt
holy shit ferrer!
holt shit that set pooooint
holy hell! yes! 1st set to ferrer!
first set to ferrer!
holy shit ferrer is playing fucking amazing!!!
vamos davidd!!! 
whoa ferrer!!
a well-deserved first set for ferrer. spamming nadal's backhand side forced the latter to either run around it to produce a bad forehand, or hit his regular weak-ish backhand right at fererr's strong-ish forehand, or go for a down the line backhand (hence the high ue).... if nadal makes it through to the final, he'll be had by nole.
ferrer breaks to take the first set.

ladies and gentlemen, we have a match! 
such an uncharacteristic volley from nadal, you can usually count on him to put those away, almost a djokovic like volley (pains me to say)
uh oh rafa
&gt; hey, it worked for **everybody** against federer...

**ftfy**
breaking in the 10th game -- so nerve-wracking, so good.
monfils is so mentally out of it now. he can't be aggressive, and is just listlessly ambling around. i hope he can get a semblance of focus back before the match gets too far away from him.
whoa, calm down there, nostradamus.
monfils looks lost...
rafa always manages to up his game though. he will in this match, and i bet if he got to the final and played novak, he'd be able to find another gear in that match as well. 
i don't get why people are so surprised about this first set. ferrer won in montecarlo and nadal is not playing his best tennis in clay this year. also, ferrer has often taken sets from nadal, the thing now is if he can mantain this level or rafa is going to take it.
3rd set might be played tomorrow...

edit: never mind
i hope ferrer can keep up the intensity, because this match has only started.
fuk dull
for those who are exclusively watching murray v. monfils match, ferrer is up a set!!!
nadal, like this, is going to get hammered by nole. if he even gets there. ferrer looks like the guy to beat here. 
here come the apologists. 

why is it so hard for people to just say "ferrer is outplaying nadal"

why is it that when nadal loses something, its because he is playing bad instead of the other guy playing good?
serious question - why does nadal insist on standing 10 feet behind the baseline? to me it feels like he has to expend that much more energy hitting the shots as well as chasing his opponents' down. i remember when he hugged the baseline at the us open last year and he was deadly. when he stands so far back, any shot that he hits that lands short will be attacked, and it seems to be a winning game plan that has begun working for more players than just djokovic.
very true tweet from robbie koenig:

murray v monfils is a good example that "hard work beats talent, when talent doesn't work hard.." and i mean overall in their careers.
its the fact that its a grand slam, yes he beat him in australia but nadal was clearly injured then. ferrer was in top form last year and got smoked in the final, its just the stage. 
only novak will apply the same strategy of ferrer, with the difference of a much stronger backhand and a more comfortable forehand, with higher pinpoint accuracy. the slice won't work on clay for rafa as it did at the us open final.
unless your novak or federer. you don't take sets from rafa at the french. 
who would be watching that blowout in comparison to a rematch of last year's final? 
man ferrer is such a hard worker. so much respect for this dude
nadal was hitting the ball too short in the first set.  he's hitting it longer in this one and that should make the difference
or isner
who would have guessed this would be the less competitive of the two mens matches today?

edit: feeling a little foolish now.
i'm not making any excuses lol i'm just saying that this has happened other times. david played better this set, let's see if he can keep up.
2nd goat?
murray is playing lights out, and monf is/was looking listless, but murray is starting to force things, he has been prone to falling apart, and his concentration is fading since he dropped that triple set point.  murray has to be careful not to let monf back in
uh oh. nadal's forehand is clicking now. this could turn ugly fast.
thats cos federer changed his backhand for nadal, inadvertently making it his biggest weakpoint against everyone else
its functionally the same but nobody does that for whatever reason.
good observation.  he also needs to use the backhand slice more often
murray deserve to be seeded higher at wimbledon. it's good they take grass court results in account when top players are assigned seeds. nobody wants to see murray playing djoker in quarters.
shouldn't it be a replay?!
wtf that's not fair. murray should get a warning first time not lose the point outright. 

horrible behavior by monfils
oops. murray's ball ( tennis ball, that is ) popped out. point was to be replayed but good-guy murray handed it over to monfils
then again when you can't put a ball in your pocket properly who are you to complain
chair ump to murray, "in this case is looks better on you, i think" i mean, i dunno following the actual rules looks better on the chair ump!
take that, you whistling babies. 
the rules are pretty clear though.

should have been a replay.
seriously though who needs 8 set points after they're up 5-0, that's ridiculous. 
i've been watching tennis for 18 years and i've seen this happen like 2 times. 

there is a reason a concept called "let" exists. for random, unintentional things like this. 

you can't just give a fucking point away for something completely out of the ordinary like this. 
that was quite a long game.
the point was lost anyway. the extra ball did not effect murray's swing.
he's the ultimate gate keeper.
it's not like monfils is a chump, chases every ball down. then there was the ball falling out.
murray gave him the point
tell me about it, hope murray absolutely finishes gael off now, shutting the french crowd once and for all
i still find unbelievable how his illness is still affecting him. from the article: "he's been playing tennis again, mostly hitting at an indoor club, slowly easing back. if he pushes too hard, he spends the next day recovering. but he doesn't have the flu-like symptoms."

i'm heartened by the fact that he's still considering a comeback, even if he still seems to face a long road back. 

but did you really expect him to keep playing like that? rafa can up his game to places where ferrer just can't go, and i imagine we'll see those levels in these next 2 sets. 
if it happens again (at a more important time) does murray get the point penalty or the warning?
these guys are playing some great points!
could you explain more? somewhat new to r/tennis and tennis in general.
he's also as close as you get to the sounds from wii tennis
and it just keeps going the game
no no i don't think he's in trouble at all. if it happened more than once in a match the umpire might tell him to just have one ball at a time.
monf is starting to take control of these points.  looking forward to a fantastic third set now that the crowd is awake again
egalite is for when you come back from an advantage point. the first 40-40 is said as such, (quarante à) i.e. 40 "all".
ferrer just missed 3 break points
i liked that random 'go monfils' during nadal-ferrer.
on itv4 they said that the first time was a warning, the second was a point. but they could be wrong. 
"s'il vous plaît... s'il vous plaît, merci" ad infinitum doesn't seem to be having much effect
well dang, i've never heard of that rule, that's ridiculous
this is the year of the monfils
now that monfils is two sets down, he wakes up. this is the classic monfils vs. top player story. as usual, i don't think it'll be enough.
nadal's serve is looking very weak. ferrer returns are looking great because of that.
as you know nadal has a high topspin which means it bounces very high. for a singlehanded backhand it is really hard. re watch federer games from that period, federer picks up backhands really low and flat winners and uses slice to draw out errors from opponents as its a change of pace.

the slice is best thing ever for nadal as it sits up nicely for his forehand and he just crushes it wherever he likes. this means that federer had to change his backhand to go over the ball at all times, meaning the ball never sits up for the nadal forehand, watch the wtf when he played nadal in the final. however this strategy does not work for federer becasue of his inconsisteny with the backhand combined with his weaker singlehander combined with high bounce on backhand. federer even said himself taht if he would advise anyone on a backhand hed go double.

however i think that federer is jsut too old and that where most of his inconsistencies creep in, his serve speed is down too, remmeber how a break point down hed just serve an ace? hes a massive confidence player. his rock was that he beat djokovic consistently meaning only nadal was his weakness. as djokovic broke through so did everyone else. was it just his backhand? no but it certainly player a part
me! ferrer just beat nadal a few weeks ago and has been playing amazing tennis. monfils, though playing well, did not have to play anyone near murray's level to get to the quarters. i thought garcia lopez would take him down in three but he didn't end up playing the way he did against stan or even donald. murray loves that monfils plays defensive tennis from far behind the baseline because he knows he has the skill and fitness to win most of the rallies. if le monf gets aggressive, then we have an interesting match but as of right now ferrer vs nadal is the match to watch. 
allez monfils!!
ferrer's returns are also looking great because he's like the second or third best returner on tour
i really hope ferrer wins...lets go!!!!!!
there was an article on how the speed has dropped because of a continuing back problem
4/6 6/4 for nadal right now. let's see if ferrer can keep playing well.
rafa's focus level in that last game: maximum
nostravamos
really. this nadal guy needs to work on his game. maybe he'll amount to something.
it's happening!!!
nadal has already broken ferrer's service right in the first game of the third set. what are ferrer's chances right now?
starting to look like ferru blew himself out winning that first set, he's definitely lost some gas here to start the third.  could unwind quickly if he doesn't get a second wind.
as long as he keeps this next set competitive, the match should last long enough to where they'll have to call it due to darkness, and they'll resume tomorrow.
streaming it online with crappy internet connection, but is it just me or is monfils hitting his rally-ball fh too weak?
i like ferrer just as much as anybody, but if he or anybody else ruins the rafa-novak final, then i will be pissed! 
he is hitting it fine, just unloading seldomly, he could play a little more aggressive
ever notice how 30-30 is exactly the same as deuce? two points and you win the game, a point each and you're at deuce 
it's uncanny how well murray always does at slams, no matter how bad is health problems or how he's been doing in other tournaments.
don't know what website that is, but here's the same thing from the mtf: https://onedrive.live.com/view.aspx?resid=29ec224593d363f0%21587&amp;id=documents&amp;activecell=%27atp%20rankings%27!g6
this isn't the race, all tournaments count equally.  just because it's more recent doesn't mean it has more effect.
this could go downhill fast for ferrer. broken twice in the third set. not looking good.
murray needs to wake the fuck up
i am always amazed at the fitness level of nadal and djokovic compared to rest of the tour it seems night and day. i am curious as to why many players don't seem to have the same stamina level.
at this point it's looking like his only hope.
i'll be bummed to miss out on that, but at the same time happy for ferrer to overcome this major obstacle in his career. it's a bittersweet feeling.
classic andy
ferrer is actually as fit as them. nadal has just raised his game and ferrer can't raise his much higher.
he always adapts his strategy against who he  is playing as well as his strokes. moreso than anyone else
neither of these guys are displaying confident body language. 
murray isn't even english.
i'm curious to see if spain will be able to sustain it's reign as the top tennis country in the future. if i counted right they currently have the same number of top 100 players over 32 years old as they have under 28.
that type of shit makes me not want us to meet each other. 
haha, it only bothers you cause it rings true
dat running crosscourt backhand, thing of beauty
nah i was just making a lame reference to a song :p

here we go!  how many more first serve faults are on their way now with the pressure?

edit : the answer is 4 in the final game of set 3
eminem?
this is a one-way ticket to nowhere for ferrer from here.
what i mean is this guys do well on clay courts. they won't be winning as many points on grass or hard courts.  atp does some rolling points thing (people's points are "0" to start the year) but i wouldnt be surprised if a lot of these guy drop 2 or 3 ranks by august.
http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/mind_blown.gif
yeah well getting bageled/breadsticked doesn't really qualify as keeping the set competitive. rafa is going to make sure he closes this out before the sun sets. 
smell that? 

http://i.imgur.com/felftms.png
even monfils' grunt has a french accent.
why the hell is there no hawkeye at the fo? one of the many reasons it's my least favorite slam.
yeah, a lot of times rafa and novak play players who are just as fit as them, but they take their games to places where nobody else can really go to.  
yup 
because the ball leaves a mark.
well now i feel like an idiot. such a simple, clear answer.
because they like to be different.
what time will they call it for darkness?
won a set? my work is done here. 
-david ferrer
monfils took a set!
probably about 30-40 minutes away from it.
for fuck's sake
well to dig even further, there is a level of human uncertainty and some players could be trying to point out other marks to confuse the umpire. but if you ask me, that has just as much margin for error as hawkeye does as well.
i also agree with this.
never simple with murray!
that is still not a reason not to use the hawkeye in my opinion.

i have seen two occasions this year where the hawkeye (for the tv audience) showed a different result.
that's why their matches are the best to watch.it's unbelievable watching both of them raise their game again and again against each other. 
classic andy.... here we go total collapse
the hawkeye has a set margin of error though.

humans can be wrong at varying margins.
isn't there some value to having the consistency of a machine doing it even if it has an error rate?
probably was the shirt.  good call andy
so here we go again eh?
i addressed this, there is fuckery involved in marks just as hawkeye also has it's inaccuracies. i feel like its a a bit of a wash, and i tend to agree with rg in that hawkeye is pretty much unnecessary on clay.
there's no hawkeye at the french open because the ball leaves a mark, and because the dirt travels, so it disrupts the accuracy of the hawkeye machine. there is a certain percentage error that hawkeye must lie within, and on clay it fails that error margin. 
and it did.
i agree that hawkeye has its inaccuracies, however as i said in a different comment it's always the *same* margin of error and that is more than you can say for the human eye.
commentators on itv for the murray/monfils match just said there is about 45 minutes left of play before they get called due to darkness. so you're looking at that. 
i didn't know the dirt had an effect on hawkeye's accuracy. you just helped my case in this one.
andy just looks exhausted, his feet look like their are in quicksand.  

* we'll see if he can hold serve here

edit:  well andy impressed me there.  got his first serves in for a change and monf struggled with them
i didn't know that the dirt disrupts the accuracy of hawkeye that would of course be a reason not to use it.
did murray just grab his hip?
hopefully he isn't doing this after the fourth
compared to the rest of his clay season, murray has definitely shown up for the french open. his win against kohlschreiber was a confidence booster in my opinion, and he played well against verdasco, who is not exactly a joke on clay. 
doesn't murray always look exhausted at some point?

i think with him appearances can be deceiving. :d
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tennis_scoring_system#variations_and_slang
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
section 15. [**variations and slang**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tennis_scoring_system#variations_and_slang) of article  [**tennis scoring system**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tennis%20scoring%20system): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;during informal play of tennis, especially at tennis clubs in the usa (also in other english speaking countries), announcing the score is frequently shortened with the use of erroneous abbreviations and esoteric inferences. sources indicate that a score fifteen is replaced with "five", or in some cases "fif". similarly, the scores of thirty and forty may sometimes be spoken as "three" or "four" respectively. a score of fifteen all, may sometimes be announced as "fives." to further confuse score announcements, a score of thirty all (30–30) may often be called "deuce" and the following point referred to as "ad-in" or "ad-out" depending on which player (or team) won the point. the logic for this is that a thirty all score is effectively the same as deuce (40–40).  [*[better source needed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:notrs)*]


&gt;

---

^interesting: [^squash ^\(sport)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/squash_\(sport\)) ^| [^sepak ^takraw](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sepak_takraw) ^| [^badminton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/badminton) ^| [^1898 ^home ^nations ^championship](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1898_home_nations_championship) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+chz54qi) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+chz54qi)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
if only!
doesn't a fluorescent colour give the opponent a small advantage? monfils matches the background much closer...
nadal zero ufes in 3rd set. 

holy. shit. 
haha, true! novak i feel will finally take this one :)
nadaaaal stahp we get it you're better
andy has to keep that first serve % up if he's going to win, been dropping like a damn rock.
http://i.imgur.com/vj9cn4j.jpg
pick your poison
he's back!! let's do this monfils
commentators said he always grabs something when losing points but nothing when he wins. 


i would be super-happy if gael could get to sf.
yeah, that's a good point. it's like adjusting the racket strings when you shank something
rafa started playing a lot, lot better. that's what happened to ferrer. 
monfils is obviously talented, why do you think he hasn't taken that next step and won a slam? 
monfils is putting in work
amen.
that's a yes then :/
why, andy, why must you put us through this
injuries
classic andy
classic andy
i know its really easy to say, but a big portion of losing to that guy who "sucks" more than you is that he is actually better at picking at the things you suck at when in reality focus on his weakness while working on yours. a win is a win and a loss is a loss. you have to overcome that mental block and also work on your shots over and over.  
for pushers- generally learn to drop shot with good location. it opens up the court and keeps them guessing.  
what im really saying is get so good you can't lose to them. watch some pro matches or just some videos on youtube. i never had a private lesson in my life but i think i did alright for myself just by starting there.  
also- drop shot drop shot drop shot. maybe an assholeish move, but a win is a win.w
hard to stay in a match serving 50% on the first.  monf is teeing off on the second
monflis is starting to wear andy's conditioning down
no you have a service break. no, you have a service break! everyone gets a service break!
holy shit monfils is going to mirror the score of the first 2 sets!
what a game point!!! vivre le monf
what a roller coaster of a match, even the scores are mirrored right now. murray is looking completely done.
nadal handing out bagels &amp; breadsticks like he owns a bakery

edit: he*
nadal *really* doesn't want to play tomorrow 
he's gotta hope they stop play for the night and he can clear his head for a best of 1 set tomorrow. 
probability is just low when there's always fed/nadal/djok lurking in the draws in addition to a really deep field. 
and we are now watching a classic
this is infuriating. are they talking about waiting for tomorrow?
what happened?
ah shit, not in the script at all...into a decider we go...lets hope it isnt as heart wrenching as the kohlschreiber game
alles le monf!
you don't say!
maybe it's because the hard matches he's had during this tournament but murray is just out of the game.
tennis in the dark!
as we expected, they go to a fifth set. hopefully murray remembers how to get a first serve in.
this is annoying to watch
i wasn't watching much of the murray-monfils match when murray was up because that was back when the ferrer-nadal match was interesting, but i'm watching now, and murray seems worn down and tired and getting pushed around. 
classic andy -  username is appropriate
monfills takes another set. the action has moved court philippe chatrier
monfils needs to get a quick break just in case they go to tomorrow 
how much light is left? i kinda thought they should have just suspended play after the 4th set concluded, and leave the 5th set for tomorrow. 
for those who are exclusively watching murray v. monfils match, nadal won in 4 sets. 

ferrer ran out of gas in the last three and nadal played well.
someone fly in lendl already. 
they will go to tomorrow barring some miracle. 
and mental. a lot of it has to do with his mental state. 
yea i should have just said because they are going tomorrow.


have you seen murray play before?
sunset is schedule at 21:45 : there are still 20 minute of good light left.
whelp, it's over :(
edit: i was wrong! felt like the momentum was all with monfils.
it's a shame ferrer doesn't have that plus in his game. what i said before the match, david can take one set from nadal but he needs his best to beat rafa and today wasn't the case.
people have been assuming i'm a novelty account for three years. only when i started actively participating in tennis discussions as a murray fan did i consider they might be right.
i think murray misses lendl right about now...he always had him prepped for big matches. 
and people complain about us open fans.
they've got roughly 30 minutes left. i guess they're hoping it goes quickly.
this is the most hostile crowd i have seen in a while. there must have been 2 people clapping when murray held there, and at least 30 booing.
seriously
i laughed so hard when espn slowed down on this shot xd.
what do you say know? i knew ferrer wasn't at his best and therefore he couldn't beat nadal. i like ferrer but today wasn't his day.
how many consecutive breaks did nadal have at the end of the match? i think he had 7 right? because ferrer's only game in the 3rd&amp;4th sets was a break of his own. jesus rafa. 
i wouldn't mind having ferrer's game... always going deep into slams, losing to the top guys, maybe winning a couple of masters, but pocking some serious $$$.
no, it's a 5th set.
yeah. this is what happens when he thinks he needs to turn it on, he has barely got out of first gear this entire tournament. although djokovic is definitely a threat i simply can't see him beating nadal here.
haha,  he is looking more awake this set.  should be a fun finish
i wonder if it affects murray at all, he just broke even with all the booing
less of that
not yet my friend
now murray up a break in the 5th. those last two sets must have just been the old rope-a-dope, or in murray's case the old mope-a-dope.

holy shit. murray up two breaks. monfils winning the battle of who wants it less.

the fuck. monfils bageled in the deciding set. couldn't have happened any other way with these two knuckleheads.
nadal has seriously changed my perception of how one can play tennis. just a physical beast inventing new physics of how to rip the cover off a tennis ball with that lefty forehand. and to think he's naturally a righty! 
"that's my secret, i'm always booing myself"
yep, yesterday the booing to every point csn won against bouchard and now this.
i feel like he's actually getting fired up by it.
i think he likes being the villain. "those cunts want me to lose? now i want to win just to spite them!".
early break get the fuck in


ive changed my mind ump, dont take them off for light...keep them on!
monfils ufes have really shot up suddenly 
murray seriously doesn't make it easy to watch this match.
reported.  no spoilers per the sidebar.
the 5th set isn't looking like that now. murray looks worn and tired, but remember this guy trains like a machine for these kinds of matches. 
i swear he's the most mentally in-and-out player on the tour. it's tough being a fan of his.
seriously.  this is a good match... they need to stop booing and shut up when the players are trying to serve.
itv slowed it down more than espn's stream. i also laughed.
damn, monfils is so good when he actually plays offensive.
looks like this might be done before sunset. 

who would've thought 10 minutes ago....
he might be the most mentally in-and-out player of all time. he's so jekyll and hyde. 
damnit
noooooo gael cmonn man
lol wtf is this guy doing
what was murray thinking in that 4th set? 

"let's get these french spirits up as high as possible, and then make them eat their own fucking dirt in the 5th."

if so, sweet unholy cock sauce, murray wants to finish this set faster than a virgin going at it the first time. 
monfils should have tried to keep the ball in the game until sunset when murray started to butcher him.
they are getting their wish. big win for murray, not only winning, but also getting a day off before he has to face the king of clay.
maybe la monf can at least avoid a bagel here. christ almighty.
classic murray
well a miracle happened, murray is up 5-0. didn't see that one coming. 
monfils has really thrown it away...
thanks a lot monfils, bring us to a 5th set and get our hopes up, and then just utterly drop the ball for the entirety of the 5th set. pathetic. 

until this match i thought djoker had a good chance. not only has ferrer failed to stop nadal, he has managed to push nadal to elevate his game. stopping nadal now, will be next to impossible. 
yeah he didn't even move for that drop shot. 
whoops, how can i add a spoiler tag?
i guess both monfils and ferrer will avoid bagels for breakfast tomorrow. 
that would be extremely interesting... forgive me, i'm not very well educated in or experienced with pro tennis—is it possible he actually did that? like i guess the narrative would go something like, murray unexpectedly drops that game in the third to lose the set. now his opponent has the momentum, and instead of fighting against that momentum, he just lets monfils wear himself out while conserving his own energy, knowing that in the 5th set he'll easily be able to beat monfils who spent all his energy taking the 4th. sounds nuts to me, but is this a heard-of thing in tennis? would be very ballsy and impressive if a player actually did this.
i bet his mom was booing after that fourth set. 
*sniff sniff* 

smell that? french bagels. 

http://i.imgur.com/wbbq7ix.png
haha no need to feel foolish, both matches ended up being strange. da fuq was that from monfils in the fifth set though? once murray got his legs back i knew he was in trouble but that was pathetic from monfils regardless of the conditions.  
and then suddenly not. 
well that all just happened...
strange end to a strange match.
he may be scottish, but all british men take delight in crushing the hopes of the french.
this match has been like watching the spurs/thunder series. close overall but blowouts all around. looks like bad news for the freakishly athletic one with no coach.
what the heck monfils...
yeah, that was quite the match.  wonder if andy has anything left in the tank to fight off nadal with
did not expect it to end like that...
:)
congrats to andy, wins in 5. 6-0 in the last!
murray is about to get the d from nadal 
way to mail it in, in the 5th set monfils. that's why he will never win a grand slam.
his uncle is a genius. he also modelled rafa's game to be perfectly suited to counter federer. like an evil mastermind.
serves the bagel to finish!


definitely nervy, but a wins a win...rest well andy, gonna need it against nadal, semi finals...onwards we go!
i didn't watch this match, i was just keeping track of the score via flashscore.com - wtf happened here? such a weird scoreline. so anticlimactic even.
if he had a brain, he'd probably be one of the goat. sighh
um

ummmmmmm

????

most embarrassing excuse for a fifth set i've ever seen
after murray conceded that point where the ball fell out of his pocket (he didn't have to, it should have been a let strictly speaking) the crowd cheered his missed 1st serve immediately after.

so yeah, pretty hostile. 
well that all ended much faster than i thought!
welcome back to the top 5, andy! 
i meant the 5th set in general, just a massive change from the previous set. 
well, the french did see their last hope for a frenchman in the semis absolutely implode in that last set, so... 

pretty sure they're feeling hostile.
poor andy, he gets the king of clay who is rounding into prime form.
god knows what happened in the fourth! but thankfully he sorted it out in the fifth
a ball dropped out of murray's pocket during a point, which on every occasion i've seen before is a let the first time it happens, and the ump called it a let, but monfils and the crowd started complaining about the call. monfils, murray, and the ump talked briefly, and murray gave up the point so that the crowd didn't storm the court and attack him.
i hope he does come back to. 
ba-gael monfils in the last set, unfortunately for monfils fans...
interesting that all of today's set scores were either 6-4, 6-0, or 6-1. 
weird scorelines are what happens in monfils matches. 
yeah, i'm pretty sure that's a rule, i've seen the same thing with caps and visors flying off too.
a ball fell out murray's pocket and the umpire called a let, monfils disputed the call, murray decided to concede the point.
us open fans are pretty bad but they're a pretty distant second compared to french open fans at matches involving frenchmen. i think they're still worse overall but the gap isn't normally quite so big.
&gt; if so, sweet unholy cock sauce, murray wants to finish this set faster than a virgin going at it the first time.

you sure do have a way with words.
as i understand it murray was guaranteed a top 4 seeding at wimbledon before the result of todays match.
i really have no idea what i just watched happen.  
i'm sure players never expect too much goodwill when playing against a player in their own country but this was something else. that crowd was absolutely full of cunts.
i find this works for me also. when i play older pushers i just take some pace off my strokes and hit them with more topspin and clearance over the net. i run them back and forth and re drop shot there drop shots. never play to tight on the net they are just going to lob. i hang out 2 or 3 steps into the court in preparation for the dropper or the short ball. they wear out by the first set then business as usual
join us in irc for more. it's a lot better in there. 

novak prefers to attack rafa's forehand. or at least he did it in their last two matches. 
sorry, i don't know how.  some people have said it is impossible in /r/tennis.
i don't think anybody would come out and admit to losing a set on purpose however players will certainly not try as hard if they're losing a set and want to save energy for the set afterwards. similarly just the other day a player (it may have even been monfils, i can't quite recall) pretty much admitted to not trying their hardest during a game to ensure they'd be serving first in the following set.
i am hoping andy will give more of a fight. the thing is if people want an entertaining final, djokovic is probably the only one who can take the fight to nadal and even he will have a tough time. anyone else is simply fodder. i blame ferrer. he sort of unleashed the beast in nadal and i don't see nadal's level go down from here. 


so it's going to be, as of now, nadal, djoker, murray and stan in the top 4? 
good riddance to the french crowd, that fifth set bagel. they should be ashamed of themselves. 
didn't pay attention to this match at all but wtf is up with the score? did murray go night night in the 3rd and 4th set?
he was the face of the head prestige brand after safin called it quits and wawrinka left for yonex. miss him. 
straights? this match was the bendiest i've seen in a while.
yeah ferrer awoke typhon, and now typhon is angry and in full beast mode. only novak stands a chance. anybody else will be shredded.  
that'll show that terrible french crowd, seriously i've never seen so little sportsmanship in tennis.
if andy had everything left in the tank i don't think he could fight off nadal on this surface. maybe he'd take a set. maybe. 
it's a bit like nadal, when nadal "looks" injured, but in reality just wants to move around the court more by an opposing player.

it's a good trick sometimes, as your opponent will see exactly what you are doing, and may think about altering their tactics.
because brits are obsessed with france and its people ;) france on the other hand is quite indifferent to its smaller neighbour.
pretty sure it's a phone app called tennis temple
happy for halep, she deserves it. also she is so humble and such a hard worker.
would you want to be a high competitive athlete where you train 6-8 hours a day (probably not quite that much) and get to travel or an oil rig worker that works 80 hours a week?
no, federer squeezes stan out because stan has had weak grass results the last few years and thus few "bonus points" for the wimbledon seeding formula whereas federer gets a big injection from his 2012 wimbledon win.
did you watch their match in rome? 
looking like a nadal djokovic rematch, with nadal looking unstoppable.
did you watch nadal's today? 0 unforced errors in the third. 26-9 in points in the fourth iirc
hmm. i thought stan should be in top 4 because he's grand slam champ.
has no bearing, it's ranking points plus grass court performance. 
that is outstanding, but i'm expecting murray to play a bit better than "maybe. maybe taking a set" off rafa. 
it was monfils vs fognini the other day. allowed himself to be destroyed in the 4th and romped home in the fifth. 
second in the whole tour.
problem is, he was against the best returner
&gt;the joke

&gt;you missed it
if he likes being the villain he does a bad job of it. he tends to tell the umpire to give a lot of controversial decisions to his opponent, happened with the ball out of the pocket in this match, happened over something against verdasco too. 
not sure you should. rafa is a different player at rolland garros. it'll be more about what nadal isn't doing than what murray is if he takes more than a set from rafa here. 
thats a reason, not an excuse 
im wondering if there's a game that will let you feel what it's like hitting with pros, the spin, the heaviness. 
eh...murray is insanely athletic and talented as well.
says the guy with "cunt" in his name...
uhh, isn't there only three or four other set scores?
6-0, 6-1, 6-2, 6-3, 6-4, 7-5, 7-6
haha good joke.
yep, sounds like a monfils match.
yep, it's kind of his thing.
he was up 2 sets easy, ball fell out of his pocket at the end on one of them i believe, monfils complained to umpire crowd got behind monfils 100%, probably put murray off.
i wish him well, but his odds of coming back at age 29, after more than 2 years away from the sport and still battling lingering effects of his chronic illness, are close to nil.
hydrate better.  every single day drink a ton of water not just match days
i wouldn't mind any of the guys game on the tour. 
lol
last year at rg fabrice santoro commented on monfils (total paraphrasing here btw) and his assessment was that despite being incredibly talented, monfils doesn't really care about tennis outside of france, and that doesn't really work if you want to be successful. you can't just coast most of the year and expect your a game to just be there when you're playing in france. you have to work at it all year, or at least work at peaking at the tournaments you really want to do well at.

to put things in perspective, 9 of monfils 21 tour final appearances have been in france and 3 of his 5 wins have come in france. outside of the fo (3xqf + 1xsf) he has only made a slam qf once (uso 2010), and his best showings on the masters circuit were in paris (f 2009, 2010) over an incredibly spotty masters career where he has only made qf's or better on 8 occasions since turning pro in 2004.

everybody knows monfils is better than his record suggests, the problem is between his ears. 
the mid-twenties = "domination"

bout as cool as 3 guys on a jet ski. 
also annoying when they do the whole wave bit and hold up play for like 2 minutes
i stand corrected.  that match was still grade a monfils to me.  andy was like bending over asking for it after the third and 4th sets and monfils can only muster up 4 pts in the final set with home crowd advantage and all the momentum? only monfils can pull that off
well historically speaking france and scotland made up the auld alliance and i don't speak for all of scots but i would support france over england in the world cup for example. i think limmy did a good bit on british views on the french https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iahhmfgwvbs
first comment ever haha :d anyways. i'am a pretty okay player, i'd put myself on that bridge between 4.0 and 4.5. things i struggle heavily with, holding serve (i'am a shorter player 5'7-5'8), volleys and net game in general and approach shot. i combat some of my weakness with having a really strong return game, and i am fairly quick guy. there's this guy i play with who drop shots me over and over. sure sometimes his drop shots are highly effective, and ungettable, but most of the time i'm there to put a shot back. and usually what happens is, by that time hes also at the net, and puts it away, or he passes me because i normally push the ball straight up the middle. he uses a lot of slice, and a lot of his shots end up short, but i don't do much with it due to my weak approach shot (and yes i do tend to run through my approach more often then not, and lately i've been working on stopping and hitting, i learned that thanks to this sub :p). sorry if all this is confusing to read, to summarize, he dropshots/slices a lot of balls short, and due to weaknesses in my approach, and volleys, i am easy pickings. 
with my volleys i've realized that i catch it late, my coach says that i wait for it, instead of actually going after it. any help or advice would be much appreciated, thanks! 
-matt
sometimes it seems like they randomly choose numbers for players' official stats. the wta is even worse. there's no way in hell serena weighs 10 lbs less than venus and sharapova is far too tall to be 130. federer being 195 is hard for me to believe though, unless he's also taller than his listed height.
smithers, are they *mooing* at me?

no, sir, they're saying *moourray*, *moourray*
," said bizarro world isner at the us open.
i don't think so. gulbis basically started taking tennis seriously last year, it seems. since then, he's been on a steady rise.
good to see that soderling is a well rounded individual. all the best in coming back.

i had no idea that mono could affect you like that for years.
there will be links to various stream sources when the match thread gets posted on reddit.

personally i usually look at livescorehunter first and there's usually something on there if the match i want isn't broadcast on any of the channels i'm subscribed to.
so tiafoe is a 16yo and nadal obviously can outhit him, and so it's a great honor for the kid to experience rallying with the legend.

except when nadal was 16 he beat world #7 albert costa.
i can't say he's wrong. 
hi matt. my approach use to be very weak like yours (no offense). where are you trying to approach from? what i learned to are these two things:
   1. from the baseline i go with a deep backhand slice to either side of the court and approach from that.
   2. if my opponent hits a short ball(by short i mean a few inches within or out of the service box) i go with a heavy topspin shot to any part of the court.

hope this helps!
 
djokovic is a way better returner than nadal
jesus i don't know why but that's funny. wish you all the best op.
nice insight
dismissing roddick's comments because of his record against monfils doesn't invalidate his argument.  you can chide roddick all you want for his career and all, but one thing you can't do is say he didn't try his hardest in every match.  he always left it out on the court.  you don't see that from monfils.
&gt; ay courts. they won't be winning as many points on grass or hard courts. atp does some rolling points thing (people's points are "0" to start the year) but i wouldnt be surprised if a lot of these guy drop 2 or 3 ranks by august.

basically you are implying that these spanish players are on average
1) earning more points that last year for the clay tournaments
2) relatively shit on other surfaces.

1- maybe true, but probably marginal
2- implies that although they don't have many points to defend on the grass or hard court tourneys, other players will outperform themselves from last year and pick up more points on these surfaces.- again probably not much in it, considering they also have to defend some points if they played well on hard courts etc last season.

the points system for the race to london is reset to 0 at the end of the end of year tournaments for atp each year. - the season starts very late december early january
 but the  world ranking points is completely different and is based off the previous 52 weeks on tour
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atp_rankings. the overview explains it nicely

another prime example of mono ruining a career is mario ancic. in the midst of his breakout year in 06 he came down with mono, couldn't ever put together a full season again. the talent was there, but he was just always so exhuasted from it.
&gt; implies that although they don't have many points to defend on the grass or hard court tourneys, other players will outperform themselves from last year and pick up more points on these surfaces.- again probably not much in it, considering they also have to defend some points if they played well on hard courts etc last season.

yeah, i've been drink a lot today so i've been poor at getting my point across.  this is what i mean ultimately. i think other players are going to perform better than last year and better than the spanish throughout the grass and hard court tourneys. this is more or less a hunch though.  

but yeah i basically just was terrible at trying to say what i wanted in this thread so i'm going back to drinking and watch some hockey.
cool. enjoy the hockey
glad andy murray will be back in the top 5. in my eyes he is certainly one of the top 4 players on tour is a personal favorite of mine. this is sharapova's title to lose i think she wins and keeps her ranking, but her being out of the top 10 is ridiculous. she is a great player and is certainly one of the top women players on tour. as for sloane stephens is she just keeping her ranking anyone know? 
perfect thanks
the title could not be clearer "in this section of the rankings." 7/10 in these positions are spanish. 
if ferrer didn't, djokovic was going to unleash prime nadal anyway. last year semi final was not decided by that famous net cord, it was nadal entering god mode and hitting shots only he could pull out.

but the thing this year is that djokovic brought back his most dangerous shot, backhand down the line, the most important element in him beating nadal so what i expect to see is the most epic clay final of all time come sunday.
i'm afraid that murray won't have what it takes to beat nadal if he had this much trouble with monfils....
i started drinking at 6pm gmt, post exams. rafa nadal is the last thing on my mind.
monfils is the most consistently disappointing player on the tour (tsonga is probably a close second). he should be incredible, but unfortunately he just doesn't seem to care enough and i find it so unbelievably frustrating.
my favorite player growing up. would love to see him come back
great to hear about his potential comeback, wish him all the best!
oh god i'm even sadder now. i miss super mario too... 
roddick's right. he said on his podcast that he does hate players who aren't steady with their demeanor regardless of winning or losing. monfils is so damn talented that he should've won several grand slams by now but he's just too busy show-boating on the court or what have you. 

if he could have gilles simon's diligence and consistency he should be set. conversely if simon had monfils's athleticism then he'd also be a multiple grand slam champion as well. 
double-faulting on set point 
i had no idea that mono could be so dangerous to a player.
i reckon costa was never as good as nadal, but what do i know?
there should be!  after bobby ginepri played nadal first round here, he said that he just doesn't ever face anything like that on the challenger circuit.
i know this is not that big of help, as i have never done that before, but i do wish you the best of luck and i think that your plan seems pretty good and that it should work out. at the very least you should be able to get some of your money back
it was very dainty, wasn't it?
in monfils' defence, i think we're forgetting that tennis isn't like most sports where physical athleticism is the most important attribute. look at roger; he's not ripped like rafa or super tall like del potro or berdych. so much of tennis is mental fortitude and strategy. monfils has always been an entertainer because of his speed and ability to chase down balls, but he's chasing down balls because he's on defence too often. i don't think monfils is an underachiever; i think he's been exactly as successful as is expected of the type of player he is. 
see: tommy haas
his press con announcing his retirement was so heartbreaking. he couldn't stop crying.
not saying he is wrong, but just because roddick is brought up.  does anyone else think he is just awful on fox sports 1?  i've tried to give it time to let him get into his broadcasting shoes, but its really starting to make me not like him in general.
i'd like to know how this spanish generation got so good.  there's only two prospects in the pipeline from age 16-22 that i see: carreno busta and this 17yo name munar who's shot up the rankings lately...
true but for 9 total sets played to only have those scores is unusual. 
&gt;the joke

&gt;it was bad
how about double faulting to start a match?
just this one for the fo. i like that bouchard is playing well, masha is raking advantage of a serena-less campaign, and petkovic who also did well vs errani last night. i'm not familiar with halep though but hopefully i can watch the semis tonight. 
yep
wow, that's not a good reaction from stan. i hope they still didn't have a kid (a daughter, iirc) at that time of separation. stan, in a way, has a point but not sufficient to separate from his wife. 
in my opinion, it'll be raonic. he's the steadiest of the group, improving year to year. gulbis is a complete wildcard. berdych for some strange reason always loses to lesser players at the final and semi-final stages as shown by his 2013 where he was in the top 10 without winning a title
gulbis is a surprising one in this year's fo. he was barely in my radar this year. if he doesn't choke vs nole or even reach a 5-set match he just might. i hear though he loves to party? any truth on that? 
also, i'm disturbed by raonic's poor posture. i recently just noticed that. 
http://i.imgur.com/fs3lkca.jpg
makes it all the more scary, fed suffered from mono but luckily it didn't side line him long, imagine if he had extended effects from it?
lol @ *chiding* a former world #1, grand slam winner, multiple slam finalist (three wimbledon finals losses to the greatest to ever live and two australian sf losses to the same greatest who ever lived) olympian for his career.
raonic and gulbis
similarly, i don't step on any of the lines, i turn my back to my opponent both before a serve &amp; receiving one, i clench my left fist &amp; hit my thigh twice to self-motivate myself &amp; have to stare down my opponent for at least a few seconds between 1st &amp; 2nd serves.
i vaguely remember hearing about it. had no idea how bad it could have been at the time, though knowing the damage it can cause, i really feel bad for soderling.
gulbis by far has the absolute most talent of the three, but his inconsistency could be the death of him. frankly on a good day he could take out nadal on clay.
if you're talking about career, than clearly it's berdych. berdych has reached the final of a grand slam, something raonic/gulbis may never do, plus he's reached the semis of all 4 grand slams, a feat nobody outside the big 4 has done. he's beaten federer twice in grand slams, both when roger was no. 1, as well as a win over djokovic at wimbledon and murray the french.

raonic or gulbis would have to have a great career to beat the career of berdych, who has had 4 straight years of finishing in the top 8, which given injuries/ups and downs in form is hard to do. 


gulbis will have the best partying career out of all three.
thanks i'm hoping so, i'm pretty tempted to take the risk. if anything i have the best chance to make it back on monday madness or if i'm totally boned sell the ticket to the final. 
sorry i guess it's ambiguous.. my mother has the cancer and i was trying to take her to erase it from her bucket list. 

as you were being serious then i guess that is one strong perspective, thing is my mom would feel very guilty if i shelled $5k when we were expecting it to be $1600. this is why i'm trying to find if there are any predictions about how easy it will be to sell the other tickets. 
fun fact, roger and nadal are the exact same height **and the exact same weight**
"you know, i used to say that it’s really tough to get out of the top 100, you know? so i proved to everybody that it’s not so tough, it’s pretty easy.”
high lob to the baseline.
ah, this should be good. let the /r/tennis shitstorm begin again. anyone want to wager how many times will the words "misogynist" and "douche" be mentioned in this thread?
sérieux? penses-tu vraiment que quelqu'un icitte s'en câlice de justin trudeau sauf peut-être moi lol
i agree. i don't know if you follow basketball, but he reminds me of andrew bynum. all the talent to be great, but he just doesn't give a fuck. i think the only reason bynum ever picked up a basketball is because he's tall and athletic. i wonder if monfils even enjoys playing tennis. 
considering my other gulbis post, i imagine i'm going to have to bring the hammer down on some people
and i meant that as a compliment.  they're all beautiful and very-well talented at the same time.
just when i thought i couldn't like this dude any more.
good example. the fact that he was injured and didn't have to put constant pressure on his body on the tour means that he is relatively fresh even at 36 years of age. ofcourse the body ages on its own but not as much as it would getting battered on the tour.  
so even if soderling decides to make a comeback at 31, he can still stay competitive for a few years if everything clicks right.
i hope so. i just hope gulbis doesn't pull out any tricks.
im just happy that he makes tennis more interesting
no ivanovic though :(
win.
for a match, i need to tie my shorts while on court, not in the lockeroom or at home.
this guy just does not give a shit and i love it. i'm actually glad that there are people who can still make it to the top without commiting their lives to the sport. many might say he is a wasted potential and doesn't show respect for the sport, i would say he is living his live to the fullest while using his immense talent. this man also works hard for his success, he doesn't just drink beer and suddenly wins big matches. in a sense, he is quite similar to james hunt.   
  

also, considering some of the answers, he is clearly just fucking with the interviewer. however is there a typo or am i misunderstanding something when he says he's 22? or is it an old interview?
ah. yeah. would have wanted her in the semis too.
i am slowly mastering this one too.
this is where a player becomes a legend , look monfils is talent no doubt but in the fifth set lost his focus and temperament , not even tried to force something on murray , these are the moments where the guys like fed, nadal, djoker separates themselves from the boys !
there probably isn't a player on tour that has a more alien game to a junior than nadal.  there are other players who hit hard and flat, but you figure once you adjust to the pace, you can get the balls into your strike zone.  nadal's strokes are just so unique.  i was shocked the first time i saw him hit in person.  he can just annihilate the forehand, and his backhand is pretty nasty, too.  i really haven't heard anybody call him a moonballer in a long while.  maybe those freaky practice videos online have helped dispel that myth.  
he had a daughter as well when he left them. i agree though, this is not saying the move didn't help his career but when he retires he still has at least half of his life ahead and then nothing is more important than family.   

i'm a huge fan, but i don't think he can remain or regain the top spot. time is here...  body is giving up.
i think that bit is from an old interview.
none so far :3
i think the only thing simon is missing is a little bit of luck.
i don't think so. h2h is pretty convincing &amp; i think she has been lucky to make it this far. against carla suarez navarro she was down 5-2 in the first set, thoroughly outplayed in the 2nd &amp; down 4-1 in the third. if she does this against maria i can't see her winning. 
technically two.
he was playing so well in the first set. pity he could not keep up
oh how i miss these days. 
any reason there seems to have been a number cases of mono in tennis (soderling, ancic, fed, heather watson), but i can't ever recall hearing of a case in other major sports?
rafa in 4 with andy taking the first set
we'll see.. :d
up with gulbis, down with sweden.
are u kidding me, monfils loves tennis
bjorn borg also tried to make a comeback.
was it ferrer playing good or nadal not playing very good? nadal would have made it to that shot if he had been the nadal we all know he usually is.
nadal used to give up against djokovic 40 shot rallies, whats the point of wearing yourself out for one point at 15-40 down in the first set
ferrer would be boring in the final against djokovic.
gulbis has activated djokovic's "inat" card and will lose in 3 sets.
that's the line that made me laugh the most. great quote.
he's 25
i liked gulbis before it was cool.
i don't think she was lucky. look at eugenie's recent performance. also, saying that she outplayed in the 2nd set and brought a downer 4-1 to a 7-5 is reason enough to believe that she can win against sharapova, though only closely.
also roddick, isner, christina mchale, and i think one or two others. seems really weird especially since this all started happening in 2007 with ancic.
last year he said he was giving up smoking and drinking to improve his game.
http://www.atpworldtour.com/rankings/matchfacts.aspx

not exactly, according to the rankings

ferrer is 36% and nadal 35%, against njokovic's 32%
pretty hurts '14
+1 ^ 
i'm giving her the upper hand. sharapova struggled with less skilled players this rg. bouchard is now confident attacking the lines hard and hitting the ball on the rise. she's at that stage of her career where she's on the rise and improvement in performance is seen over great increments in a short duration, so for all we know her true ranking could be #6 or #5. she reached the semi-final of the last slam so things are looking good there. 
after the coin toss, i always tell the opponent "hope you have fun" vs. wishing them good luck. always feel like it's more respectful
whatever douche
this guy is an attention whore. his tennis skills haven't garnered him much so now that he has a mic in his face more he is spewing out his ignorance. he wreaks of entitlement and the attitude of bratty 4 year old boy. i really wish he would just go away. i hope that he never wins a grand slam and i have never disliked a player on tour more. i respect his honesty but at some point it is just trashy. we really should stop giving this fool attention. 
no way, sportsmanship has always been a good thing. this guy just speaks nonsense. let him trash his opponents after he proves his worth. no one cares about a player who once talked a lot of trash. let him win a gs first, until then in my eyes he will be no better than anyone else on tour. 
you really think bouchard is the favourite? she has a really good shot, for sure, but implying she's more likely to win seems a bit of a stretch.
you average oil rig worker makes significantly more than your average tour player.  they also get months off at a time, while your tour players do not.  this allows for things like, say, family.  additionally oil rig workers aren't required to travel on a weekly basis whereas for the tour, much of your schedule is taken up with traveling. and don't forget that all of that travel costs money.  that's right, being a tour player incurs an ungodly amount of expenses.  you have to pay your coach, pay for airfare, hotels, medical fare and a number of other expenses that go far above and beyond the normal living expenses for someone like, say, an oil rig worker.
i visited last year and didn't go in the lottery, you can queue up in the morning before the gates open(very early arrived at about 6am) and camp it out until they give out the passes for the day. often people camp from the night before to get in as you can get tickets for all courts: centre, 1 and 2 with a reserved seat.
being top 20 is kinda nice.
edit: top 10 next week
wimbledon is the last grand slam to always reserve tickets on the day for people to just queue up and pay nominal value for them, which is ridiculously cheap. however that is feverpitch and there are some ridonculous queues (over 30k line for a weekend ground pass). if youre going for the first few days there should not be such a huuuge queue but still a good days worth of queueuing. a saturday ticket queue started on a wednesday a few years ago. if you dont mind camping you can get there on sunday night and get inthe queueu for monday and if you are early enough you may be able to pinch a centre  court or court 1 ticket.

getting a ticket form a reseller for a court is out of the question as it will be at least 500£ for a single ticket. i hate corporate scalpers, they get all the tickets then they either dont turn up or sit there stuffing their fat faces with the free lunch.

anyway, good luck

edit: i forgot to mention that if you go to center court or court 1 and literally stand by the gateway exit and ask people that are leaving if they want to give you the ticket and not givit back into the office for reuse they *may* do that if they are kind enough. thats how we watched the end of murray djokovic at the olympic semis, only 2 games but good to go insie the stadium and all. so you might want to try and gamble, you never know
i think it's going to be close, but this is probably as far as genie is going to get this year. but i think she's the future of women's tennis. this is only her 2nd pro year and she's constantly improving.
bouchard is certainly not the favorite. vegas odds have sharapova at -290 (the last time i looked) which is a strong favorite. vegas handicap gives genie +4 games.
if raonic can tighten up his return game then it will be him. he already has the best serve in the game today.
did you forget a link?
calling maria a childhood idol seems a sure-fire way of putting her in a ruthless mood. no sugar for genie today. 
i never realized how mental the guy was! he makes an interesting point, it's refreshing to see someone who doesn't give a fuck play tennis at the higher levels.
you can get tickets on the day by queueing at the entrance (known as the queue). there are usually several thousand grounds passes available each day which allow access to courts 3-19, and a much more limited number of tickets for the show courts. i went a few years ago on the second day and joined the queue at around 7am which was early enough to get a grounds pass.

also, i believe that during the day as people with show court tickets leave, they make those tickets available again. there is another queue inside the grounds (very near henman hill if i remember correctly) for these, though it gets long very quickly and there's always the risk you'll end up queuing all day for nothing.

more details are available on the [wimbledon website](http://www.wimbledon.com/en_gb/tickets/201205091336565749973.html).
haas didn't have a chronic illness that sapped his energy.  he just dealt with injuries.  he also wasn't out of the game for 2 years straight, he was out for no more than 12 months at a time.
even as djokovic's number 1 fan, i love this guy.
can we not make it about that?  cuz i don't think it's supposed to be about that.
drugs...

i seriousness they probably put their bodies under a lot of stress with all the training and travelling they do. leaving them more susceptible to picking up viruses and illnesses. personally if i push myself too hard training i found myself feeling run down after a couple of weeks. 
will someone please tell us english speakers what's going on here?
&gt;or every normal guy, in your mind is to get the girl in bed. as soon as possible.

so i'm not normal i guess... thinking of longterm relationships and what not.

&gt;“on one side, i don’t like tennis. i don’t like the travelling, i don’t like the attention, all the pressure. but on the other side, i’m thinking, ‘what else would i do? i’m 22. would i go to college, would i stay at home and do nothing, would i think about how to make some money, or would i live on my parents’ money?’ but no, i’ve decided i would prefer to play tennis.”

can't say the man lacks motivation /s
...the tour.
really? gs quarterfinal, spot in the top 10, top 20 for the last 6 months and "no better than anyone else"?
nope.  (though i hope i'm wrong.)
if i was to pick a pro to switch bodies with, gulbis would be a front runner. family fortune notwithstanding even. 
yeah the top seeds as expected will be nadal and djokovic, whilst due to his sf at rg murray has claimed his top 4 seeding along with federer. 
whoa... so federer is retaining his no.4 seed after dropping out of rg's 4th round? nice. i thought it would be nadal, djokovic, **ferrer**, and murray.
well what else is it about? they get their own special tour just for being women, so why shouldn't they get to get ogled for being women? they're not playing because they're that good. if we combined the sex-based tours, they wouldn't be in the top 500. so if there's this whole giant industry around watching them play and having them take up court time when more-talented men can't even make a living playing, they get to make up for it by being pretty. otherwise what the hell are they offering?
ferrer will actually drop in the rankings due to the french open, since he failed to defend the points he got for reaching the final last year.
day passes are available on the day of. ground admission passes should be available fairly easily, without having to queue up overnight or early am. however if you do want to go to either centre, court 1 or court 2, then you would need to queue up the previous evening. 
(the further ahead you are, the better your chances of getting the show court you want)

also, keep in mind wimbledon has the tradition of the men's defending champion starting play on the opening monday. this year it will be murray. so i imagine the hysteria and crowd will be at an all time high. so you may wanna take that into consideration too while planning your trip. maybe go on the day 2, if thats possible.

in any case, enjoy your time at wimbledon. as a tennis fan i can tell you even without getting onto the show courts, it is the experience of a lifetime!
wimbledon's seeding system takes a player's normal ranking points, then adds 100% of the grass court points they achieved in the past year and 75% of the grass court points they achieved the year before.

djokovic reached the final of wimbledon last year, so that should be enough to net him the number 1 spot this year, regardless of what happens at roland garros.

nadal should be in second, because fuckloads of points from other stuff.

murray's win last year and 2012 final mean that he should get the number 3 spot, especially because of his semi-final showing at rg.

federer should manage to stay ahead of wawrinka because of his 2012 win, giving him the number 4 spot.
what kind of writers are you looking for? just a tennis fan who knows the sport and writes well? or an actual writer?
it's really too early to tell. she was like a dear caught in headlights during the opening set versus li na @ the aussie open in january. will she be able to deal with the added pressure of a grand slam semi? against her childhood idol - a fact that the press has been ramming down her throat for 48 hours? 

bouchard has proven that she will most likely win a major in the upcoming future. she is, along with halep (and perhaps 20-year-old muguruza), the brightest young star of the wta. 

but can she perform today against a proven champion and past winner of rg? whew, i sure hope she does. but i think it's so difficult to perform on cue in these massive latter rounds, and doing so against a similarly aggressive and powerful opponent does not bode well for her style of game. 

sharapova knows how to win and will claw her way out of this match.
petkovic is hotter than masha and simona.
thanks!
ok i was wondering if nadal's poor last two grass season will affect him but obviously not. also didn't remember stan lost in the first round last year... thanks for clarifying.
you're subscribed to theredpill aren't you?
bouchard smash!
as always, thanks to snakes for putting these match threads together. they are an invaluable source of information for tennis fans. so thanks, /u/snakes_on_a_planet !
the winner of this match wins whole thing imo.
halep is looking awfully good.
we're the real winners, and our prize is watching these two.
three bounces before a first serve, two before a second.  i never shave the day before a match/tournament.  the headband can never be exactly on-center.  
what racquet is bouchard using?  is it the same as nadal's new one?
bouchard is really looking good with that overhead backhand volley. she will have to rush the net to be successful today.
* **first set**

**first game:** so maria won all her first serves, but genie was going hard for the lines. for maria's second serve, genie went for sharapova's backhand and won the point.

**second game:** seems that genie's plan will be to only go for maria's forehand if she can guarantee an angle wide enough to take maria out of the court and finish off the point with a net approach. worked for her so far. whenever she goes for maria's forehand down the center, she loses the point.

**third game:** maria's experience shows as she fakes a move to the right, guiding genie's volley to where she was standing. **edit:** and there we have it, the first break of the match for genie. i like her strategy and court coverage.

**fourth game:** some uber confident strokes from genie, nailing her down the lines with ease. maria having a hard time generating enough spin to produce them, so she goes cross court with better success.

**5th-7th games** building up on her winning forumla, genie spams sharapova's backhand unless she has a wide angle on the forehand to take her out of it. genie hits her down the lines with laser accuracy, whereas sharapova seems to prefer going crosscourt to limit her ue's, which led to better anticipation from genie who's showing way better court coverage as she's clearly faster on the feet. sharapova's in trouble whenever she doesn't land a first serve in.

**eighth game:** genie going for the lines on maria's forehand led to way more ue's than she can afford, and maria gets her break back.

**ninth game:** a brilliant all-court game from genie gets her break back. very fast on her feet, confident strokes that make use of maria's slowness. she dropped the habit of trying to end the point with maria's first serve.

**tenth game:** **genie wins the first set 6-4.** quite a tight game that involved fending off a break point for maria with a second serve, but her now-signature pinpoint down the line saved her again. taking maria out of the court with a crosscourt forehand works brilliantly when maria's not hugging the line.

__________________________________________

* **second set**

**first game:** sharapova gets her high percentage first serve and wins it with ease.

**second game:** sharapova hitting back harder, giving genie less chance to get in position, gets two break points and converts the second.

**third game:** with the help of two double faults, a ue, and a second serve, genie gets a break and we're back on serve.

**fourth game:** at 40-0, genie fails to convert three consecutive game points, then awards maria three break points. a double fault gives maria her break back.

**fifth game:** looks like df's are unusually predominant in this set. sharapova's low percentage almost cost her the break, but she pulls through with some fine serving and gets to keep it.

**sixth game:** genie wastes precious net points but is able to pull through. maria still one break ahead.

**seventh game**: experience shows in maria's good anticipation, with better serving, and she holds at 5-2 with a break.

**eighth game**: while genie's first serve is still inconsistent, she manages to play a solid tactical game with her second, and wins the game. interesting as the crowd boo an umpire corrected line call that awards a point to sharapova.

**ninth game**: sharapova df's at her first set point, but punishes genie for hitting at her forehand down the middle, denying her a break point. maria proceeds to df on her second set point, and this time genie spams the backhand and does her net approach successfully to get a break point that she fails to convert. maria hits a pinpoint down the line -almost her first in the second set- but fails to convert her third set point. good hitting earns genie two break points, and she converts the second. we're back on serve at 5-4 with loud-ish cheering from the french.

**tenth game**: genie's down the line fails her twice, but she pulls through with spectacular hitting and brings the second set to 5-5. this is becoming this match's pattern. once it's rally, genie has the upper hand, probably why maria df's too frequently to avoid that from happening. 

**eleventh game**: good service brings maria in command of all the points whenever she lands it in the first time. genie won the only second serve of the game. **6:5; on serve**

**edit:** sorry guys.. my internet went down and i missed everything that went down after that game... too bad for genie, but a well fought semi and hopefully she'll do better on grass, her favorite surface.
bouchard with the early break!
break for genie.  

well then.
needs to improve her fitness. obviously she's a larger person, but playing at too heavy a weight can wear you down on the tour and put much more stress on her joints. she has plenty of tricks and is an exciting player, but i'm not sold after one tournament 
maria in 3, 4-6 6-4 6-2
my thoughts too. this rg's halep's.
i root for bouchard but i think halep will win it.
casual 31 shot rally
it's tomorrow. 
that down-the-line backhand is like a laser
they just showed a clip of bouchard, i couldn't hear the interviewer's question but she started her answer with "first of all, we're not friends" then went on to say she did look up to her and respects her but will "battle" anyway.

the whole no friends thing sounds a lot like what sharapova has said in the past, i think, about having/making no friends on tour. i wonder if other, or most, players feel like this too?
tomorrow
damn
from the loudness of the cheering of genie winning a game compared to when sharapova gets a break point, i think it's quite obvious that the french are on our genie's side today!
holy shit that's her specialty shot no doubt.
nah, what tennis needs is more players that are able to hang at nadal/djokovic's level consistently. i'm not one for all the soap opera nonsense. if i was really into people being dicks to each other, i'd be watching wwe; all i want from tennis is good tennis. 
there are 2 options:

1. queue for tickets, as others have mentioned.
2. buy resale debenture tickets (no other tickets are transferable)

even if you queue and only get grounds passes, you visit the resale kiosk after 3pm to get show court tickets from ticket holders that have left.  but honestly, the first 2 days, grounds passes are the better choice.  super close to the action, and much more competitive usually than the high seeds on the show courts, assuming you are not the casual fan who knows no one outside the atp big 4 and the williams sisters.  
http://www.tennis-warehouse.com/babolat_aeropro_drive_plus/descpagercbab-apdp13.html

*sorry should have clarified, nadal uses the standard length size, genie uses the aeropro drive+ (same racquet, 1/2" longer handle)
shocking service game by masha at 4 all in the first set
no, i think sharapova is fairly unique in that regard. 

a lot of players have fairly high profile friendships, especially among countrymen (the french contingent are fairly close, as are the spaniards), a lot of the players i follow on twitter tweet each other etc.

bouchard has a good friendship with laura robson as one example.
excessive consumption of sucrose may lead to the yips!
ben oui, j'espère que la foule va soutiendra la jeune québécoise !
right, so far..
oh maria..... another comeback i hope.
oh man, his serve was utterly ridiculous at one point. it wasn't unusual to see him win games on just aces and service winners. you'd think he was 8 feet tall or something. it was super consistent too. i remember he went through a set against nadal at wimbledon 07 missing only one first serve. it was magical stuff. 
kinship with a quebecer no doubt.
what's worrisome for maria is that she's not really playing badly. bouchard is just playing really well.
wta players have less of a need to make friends on tour compared with atp pros because they don't rely on other females for hitting partners. that might explain e.g. sharapova's attitude.
well, that particular quebecer is an anglophone, though...
masha chokes on that 4th set. i'll give this to genie. she's raring on her guts today. impressive. 
hope so, canadian press will be even more irritating if bouchard wins.
tbh i think it's because sharapova is uber competitive and she doesn't want "friendship" to get in the way of that.
unfortunately, we get to also listen to one of these two.. 

pretty sure genie doesn't follow laura on twitter anymore, so there's that.
given the fact that the operation was on his left wrist i think he might come back even before malaysia
well it is true that djokovic changed a bit when he became better and got famous but almost like everyone else.
so? she speaks fluent french.
she does, i just checked.

along with sharapova actually :p
damn those pesky canucks for cheering on one of their own! damn them to heck!!
where is sharapova's family/friends? they seem to cut a lot to bouchard's section but i can't seem to recall them putting sharapova's friends/family on camera.   
  
i've noticed this for a lot of her matches.
sharapova's? 
she does, but with a decidedly non-french accent.
mods can you create a thread for the doubles semi-finals too? i think they deserve it. thanks.
both i suppose, but bouchard's in particular.
oh they can do it, i just get irritated by it as i live in the country.  still, the times they do fail are amusing.  doubt that will happen today, though, sadly.
you're annoyed because they're excited about the first canadian woman to make it this far? what else would you expect?
definitely bouchard's. sharapova gets more success with her cross courts.
&gt; so i'm not normal i guess... thinking of longterm relationships and what not.

he was 22... did you think about long term relationships when you were 22 and had an impossible timetable?


&gt; can't say the man lacks motivation /s


he probably found some. when he first made his breakthrough, the main criticism towards him was his work ethic and devotion to the sport. that's why he struggled. 
since the match was delayed due to the rains, the fourth set ended at about 9:20 pm, with the parisian sunset expected close to 9:50.  murray argued to the supervisor that they should wait until the next day to play.  the french, of course, saw that monfils was on a roll, and argued there was enough time to play part of a set, perhaps enough to give monfils a critical break, before the match resumed the next day.

few felt that the other semifinal, between rafael nadal and david ferrer, would be the first to conclude.  many thought ferrer would fight and fight, and push rafa to the limit, but ferrer admitted something he rarely admits.  that he couldn't beat rafa, and that he effective, threw in the towel, conceded defeat to the better man.  and while they exited the court, despite starting the match 15 minutes later, the other quarterfinalists were heading to their fifth set, with sunset serving as a kind of shot clock.

murray finally righted the ship, and won the first game, but the key was winning the second game.  murray's focus, somewhat absent in the fourth set, was back, and monfils, who had to be feeling great heading into the fifth set, totally disappeared.  monfils would get down a break, and with that, whatever positive momentum he had, abruptly disappeared.  as the sun slowly set, it's as if the frenchman realized those midnight was arriving, and that carriage would become a pumpkin, and those glass slippers would go bye-bye.  murray would break for a 4-0 lead, serve to take a 5-0 lead, and with nothing more to give, monfils would wilt in the final game, and in a match that seemed destined for a straight set conclusion, then to a brilliant comeback for the french, ended in a whimper.

and andy murray, already on the edge of defeat against kohlschreiber, would survive to play another day, to reach his second french semifinal, and to face his biggest, no, everyone's biggest challenge on clay, rafael nadal.

and gael monfils, the talented, enigmatic frenchman with the sun descending past the horizon, would be left wondering, just what the hell had happened.
the quality of play seems to have just dropped 2 orders of magnitude.
what is wrong with our press talking about our tennis players? it's a nice change from all the hockey we see everywhere. 
in a way, monfils has been protected from scrutiny because there are so many other talented french players (gasquet, tsonga, etc).  they just don't have their own nadal.
thank you, thank you! i cannot follow this match live this time, but rooting for sharapova. she just has a fetish for being one set down, it seems...
see here http://worldinsport.com/write-for-us/
how much do you practice?
pas courrament, and comes with a heavy anglo accent. but it's alright.
you go to jail. you go to jail. everyone goes to jail. 

...and fuck djokovic.
haven't seen a player struggle this much with the yips since kournikova in the 1999 ao
sharapova double faulting left and right yet bouchard fails to break.
and now an ace on a 2nd serve?! 

&gt; courrament

couramment, and yes she does, bub. 
apply gun to foot

pull trigger
great news.

i hope he doesn't feel pressure that he has to return by september and he takes his time to be 100% ready.
i do not want to see a 2 setter in a semifinal.
don't forget to stamp your passport on the way out!
wow genie 
hah, way to blow it sharapova.
i wouldn't mind, i have work to do :p go genie!
no idea why you're getting downvoted, she is annoying.
well i took the day off! :)
the gentle giant is back
#geniearmy
how is he an attention whore? he gets asked questions and gulbis answers then honestly, he just doesn't care about being polite or whatnot. 
that 40-love blowout by genie really lost it for her there
always love that response, far more to the nation than getting excited over sporting events, after all.
to be fair, even us quebec francophones speak with a non-french accent.
what's the area like during the tournament? i'm also thinking of attending but unfortunately i'll only be able to go on championship day (july 6). would it be worth it to visit the area during that day even if i don't have access to the show courts? also, i've read ticketmaster releases a number of tickets before the day of each games--is this also true for championship day (despite how slim my chances will be)? 
come on bouchard! 

i dont exactly know it , but i guess they have earned enough anyway !!
but i am sure they must be getting something :)
they should make her wear a soundproof fishbowl type space helmet to squash her poor sportsmanship - like a dog with a cone of shame. her rebel yells are driving me absolutely bonkers but i love how bouchard is handling it, letting sharapova make a mug of herself. 
how good is your net game? generally, you can come to net against pushers. with a decent serve you should be able to attack the net and put the volleys away with ease.

i have encountered, from time to time, good athletic pushers who counterpunch well enough to make coming to the net difficult because they are accurate passers and also lob well. you usually don't run into them at the 3.5/4.0 level.

if you do run into a pusher of this type then you have to dictate the point by being patient and waiting for the right time to come in. take the short ball the pusher gives you and make them move in order to get a fairly weak shot back and put the volley away. you have to really try not to overhit the short ball, no need to smash it, just get your opponent out of position.

remember when at the net, close on the ball, don't wait for it to come to you. don't swing at the volley, it's a quick punch, and angles are your friend when you are close to the net.
unfortunately

fuck
i've heard quite a few times that bouchard is similar to sharapova in not wanting/caring to make friends with the other women on tour.
noo :c
i dream of genie.
wasn't sharapova told years ago to stfu, or at least tone it down? i want to stab myself in the ears.
don't feed the trolls!
from what i've witnessed of the pro circuit (albeit at lower rankings - my girlfriend plays), this is so true. some of these girls are so incredibly nice off the court and among friends, but turn in to just absolute bitches around other players.
i'm so excited!! i've missed him so much. 
i was just as impressed with rafa's banana shot and then ferrer did that slice.  2 great shots in a row.
bouchard needs a break.
i haven't been paying much attention but i just heard the commentators talking about the people in her box, specifically her coach, apparently he's been the only person constantly standing up in the whole stadium, cheering her on, haven't seen him on camera though. the strange thing is that (according to espn latinoamerica commentators) apparently sharapova asked her coach to be like this, "to be more vocal".
ffs bouchard please.
damn.
yeah. her youth is really showing. she's so rattled right now, sending everything wide, and yikes that last volley
according to his post match press conference, murray did not want to stop the match. a bit surprising, i guess, because the momentum was definitely all with monfils, but it does follow considering the past. it seems like murray almost always wants to play until the last possible minute.
i can't see bouchard coming back from this.
sharapova doesn't tend to have her family in her box. her dad used to, but he doesn't travel with her anymore. if they are there, they will be sitting elsewhere.
what a brutal couple of points to choke on and miss those easy winners
yeah, she can't seem to focus anymore properly and sharapova is making good points on it.
bouchard and laura aren't really friends anymore. genie made a point of cutting laura out because she found it too difficult.
she should let me in her box.
he likes pot? reddit loves him that much more.

in all honesty he should take a cue out of safin's book and talk smack after the match is over. this might fuel djokovic even more. 
i always rag on sharapova (her constant shrieks don't help her case) but i have to give her credit for being able to consistently outlast her opponents (not named serena) in 3 sets. she can appear mentally defeated and deflated, but she'll turn it around and drain the other player of their will to win. 
the itv commentators were saying he has no chance of making the top 5 before the federer match. they didn't give him much of a chance and it has seemed people talk about his money more than his tennis.


i really like him. he has some interesting shots. he seems quite funny in interviews. i hope he does well for the years to come. 
giving up on the fourth set really irritated me. i know that it's not necessarily an unintelligent move -- it doesn't matter if he wins 3 sets to 0 or 3 to 2, it's still a win -- but it was chancy for a couple reasons. first, he's been on the court a lot longer than nadal this tournament, and second i've seen this type of thinking bit him in the ass before. he's lost sets before after going up a break, relaxing during his later return games, and then being broken and missing his one chance to get back ahead.
geniee!!! 
yep, definitely blew it.
pretty good prediction!
thanks itv web player for deciding to spontaneously stop on match point.
am i the only one who thinks gulbis isn't that great? sure, he plays great tennis, but it's kind of annoying to watch him check on every ball that's called out, just to make sure it was really out. it would be fine if he didn't do it the whooooole time, isn't that also a bit frustrating for his opponent?
damn.
wow
one hell of a prediction. basically perfect.
i did read that.  what was he arguing about?  i know that he complained that the supervisor didn't talk to monfils making him look like the bad guy.

edit: oh, i think he was seeking clarification.
close enough : [reddit silver](http://i.imgur.com/7eji6gj.jpg)
win or lose, genie gets a stuffed animal. 
thought there were more friendly feelings between these two, but that handshake didn't indicate so. 
all right, so this whole "being a set down" thing seems to motivate sharapova (or pisses her off?). it apparently works for her most of the time *cough* notwithserenathough *cough*.
halep you're our only hope. 
maria sharapova, everybody.

what a great match. genie was excellent, but sometimes it requires more than that against sharapova. the future is really bright for the wta.

on a slightly more obnoxious note - people are very keen for bouchard to be the 'next sharapova'. the similarities are there for all to see, bouchard has spoken numerous times about her admiration of maria, and even this year appears to be stepping up her 'off-court game' - she's cut old friends out of her life, and has spoken openly of her desire for no friends on tour. the fed cup incident a while ago has shades of sharapova's early career, too. 

unfortunately for those people, for bouchard to be the next maria sharapova, maria sharapova herself needs to be out of the picture. for the time being, maria is the big blonde bitch on tour; genie is going to have to wait a bit longer.

make a mug of herself? 3 french open finals in a row, thank you.
&gt;its frustrating because i know i am better then these guys

if you're better than them you would be hitting them off the court and not asking us here.  you're only better than them if you can beat them consistently, tennis is more complex than who can strike a ball better.

if they're pushing, take advantage of their lack of pace and control the point.  move them around, test their fitness, figure out their weaker side and punish them when they throw something in short and if you hit it well enough follow it into net to finish the point.

it was pretty cold, chiefly because bouchard thought she really should have won. 
i've never been there on finals day. it would be quite a great atmosphere i would think to go sit on the hill and watch the game on the big screen outside court 1. however the one thing i like about going earlier into the tournament is that you get to see a whole lot of players around the grounds and on the practice courts. so even if you don't have show court passes you get to see a whole lot of the top players. this will not be so on the final day of the championships since there wont be many around. but it would be fun to sit on the hill and watch the finals i think.
what a match!
at least it's not the other one. you know who.
this is great news! i hope he doesn't rush back though.
it's annoying for sure, but also fun to watch, makes you wonder what his opponent would react. last year in indian wells or maybe rome when playing nadal, i noticed that during changeover he would insist nadal pass first, as we all know nadal has this ritual of waiting for his opponent. maybe it is his ritual as well, maybe he just did it intentionally to provoke nadal.  
:'(
http://www.atpworldtour.com/news/tennis/2014/06/23/kuala-lumpur-del-potro-nishikori-raonic.aspx

some context. he committed to the malaysia open on the 22nd of september, which is by no means a certainty that he will play.
at 1 pm, paris time.
good luck to simona!
summary: we don't pay. your payment is the experience you'll get!
love sharapova! gonna take down her fifth! i can feel it!
so excited to see halep come so far!
i don't even know who to pull for.
i fancy halep to reach the final
not with that username she won't.
“i break around 60 to 70 a year. i felt bad after going to the factory where they make the racquets and i saw all the work they do. everything is handmade. they do everything for the players; they really think about what the players need, and then an idiot like me comes and breaks them.” - give credit for acknowledge who he really is
i was watching at a bar so i didn't have the sound on, but when the supervisor was talking to murray, murray put his hands up palms out in a very "why are you asking me?" way. from the post-match interview it seems as though he knew that the crowd would have hated him even more if it looked like it was his call to suspend play.
do you guys think she could have got this far with her original package? 
"halep me, obi-wan kenobi...."
later on monfils was complaining, but it seemed like it was due to not being ready to return serve?  chair umpire said he looked ready.  this was around 5-0, i think.
let's go halep!
she definitely had some chances in the 3rd. one of the commentators mentioned that giving up those 40-0 leads in her service games is probably just due to inexperience, which i agreed with. and i think it's psychologically harder to close out against great players like maria. as much as you try to diminish that thought, i bet it's hard not to think about it.
/u/dropshot
i bet on halep
it's too bad the stadium emptied after the previous semifinal.
no not at all
i can't believe nbc is showing this match live.
that's a crapload of empty seats for a semifinal
halep in two sets: 6-2, 6-3
petkovic is looking waaaaaay out of her depth here.

she needs to start digging into the reserves or this goan be quick.

on the plus side she has a really nice butt.
so excited as a romanian to see simona go so far. let's get to the final!
the first step to beating the pusher, is to realize that right now you're not better than the pusher that just beat you.

as a 4.0, you should eat 3.5 pushers for breakfast, lunch and dinner. i'm  thinking these pushers you're complaining about are really 4.0 counter-punchers who have more game than you give them credit for.

at 4.0 if you depend on the pace of harder hitting players, your game is not as hot as you might think. you should be able to generate your own pace of a soft-hit ball.

playing a 3.5 pusher you should be able to hit a ball to set up the short ball, come to the net and put away a volley or overhead fairly easily. 

the other tactic is to draw the pusher to net, where they are uncomfortable, with a drop shot or short slice then either pass, lob, or force them to try to volley a hard hit ball. a 3.5 pusher will generally have problems with these shots. 

these quotes were compiled from various interviews
so less marat safin, more richard sherman you're saying?
these aren't from recent interviews these are compiled from various ones
why?  time commitment is low.
petkovic doesn't have the speed or the movement and her defensive shots on the stretch suck, that's what it's coming down to here. halep hits wide, petkovic fluffs a defensive return, halep whacks the ball in the other direction, petkovic is too slow to make it to the ball or make the return if she does. halep just has to be consistent to win this.

the serve is also somewhat lacking for a woman of 5ft11. overall very lithe for a tennis player, might lack a bit of muscle power out of the legs. 
thanks for the insight. yeah i'm just going to have to crunch the numbers. on the exchange i see about 1500-2000 tickets posted per session in arthur ashe through the finals which is discouraging, but then i wonder if when the public sale goes on will these all get snapped up? 

i'll crank out the excel later and see what the realities are. 
djokovic slaying this man on the court will be twice as rewarding now
damn, the balls were really flying there, i've heard that lenglen is much faster than chatrier this year, seems to be true.
good point about players around the ground. i don't need passes to sit on the hill, right? 
we had a brazilian f1 driver called nelson piquet that became famous for his honest interviews. when asked about who he'd dedicate his 1st f1 championship he replied: i dedicate it to myself because i won it. 

i hope this gulbis guy win a major because i'm pretty sure he may say the same thing. 
i was shocked to find that nbc is streaming the match online. click the link at yahoo sports to watch it live
 
http://stream.nbcsports.com/tennis/?pid=15623&amp;cid=yahoo&amp;p=ya5nbcs
i'll respond to this...
of course he's better than other people.  let him win a gs first... until then he's no better than the "boring top 4" that he's trashing.
despite the loss, bouchard had a great tournament and continues to show why i think she is gonna be the next multiple major winner. supremely talented, moves well, has all the shots, can dictate play from the baseline. 
is it just me or is the camerawork distracting? on every serve it seems like they cycle through 20 different camera angles and then fade to the court at the last possible second.
yeah its like this in every match. extremely annoying
does that mean you have to bet $650 to win $100 on nadal and bet $100 to win $390 on murray?
halep really gunning for the back line. she's playing really good. but petko is hanging in.
yep, not to mention the 3.5/4.0 etc. rating system is probably flawed.
i rarely watch wta, but this was amazing.
petkovic just lost her head in the end, that tiebreak was too much. i wonder though, did someone in halep's box really scream during petkovic's serve? i saw her complaining to the umpire but nothing came of it.
really happy for simona halep. hope she can win the whole thing, or at least make it a close one vs. sharapova.
no biggie
del goat! can't wait.
i think people must have felt this about bjorn borg when he first played on tour, but nadal has more spin and power than borg, so that effect is amplified even more.
man, who's going to fuck /u/vayuu if you kill yo'self nigga. 
with they way roddick tweets i would love to see him do color commentary for espn or tennis channel for the grand slams.
huzzah, simona!!!  i've been telling everyone for a year to watch this girl.  so great to see this!
the head band thing perplexes me. i also wear a head band but if it was not on center it would def bother me. why do you like for it to be off center?
nadals bender/banana was just unreal. to do it with that much pace and it didn't really look like he took a huge swing on it is impressive. 

even with by roundest arc i find it hard to move the ball around in the air with that much command. 
roddick has a podcast!?!?! do you have the link? i have to check this out!
and 2012 us open. wasnt as obvious but that 4th was given to novak. it's a risky tactic but only the player knows what is left in the tank. 
yeah but he didn't do anything to let the umpire know. that was born out of frustration more than anything.
ferrer got to the final last year. he hasn't matched the same amount of points at rg.

welcome to the wacky world of tennis rankings!
spread betting?
when i first got it, i really wanted the babolat logo to be right on my forehead.  i wanted it so much that it actually distracted me from my play.  so now i see a well-centered logo as bad luck, funnily enough.
the main problem is that people use the ntrp wrong. people look around and say "i guess i'm a 4.0."  

that's not how it works. your ntrp is based on actual results in competition. 

if the op is a computer rated 4.0 (meaning he has played enough competitive usta matches to be rated on his results vs. other players in his area) and the "pusher" is a computer rated 3.5 - i would find it hard to believe that he wouldn't beat the 3.5 "pusher."

the only exceptions would be:
1. the "3.5 pusher" is on his way up to get bumped to 4.0 the next season.
2. the 3.5 pusher is sandbagging.

besides, how does the op run into all these 3.5 pushers as a 4.0? as a 4.0 he can't play 3.5 leagues. that would mean that these "3.5 pushers" are playing up to 4.0 and beating him, which makes me think that he's really playing decent 4.0 counter-punchers, not junk and moonballing 3.5s.
does anybody else get a feeling that djoko and rafa could be beaten tomorrow? both murray and gulbis are eiding the crest of q wave at the moment
 it's a very specific iteration of the word  "spite" (and character trait among many people in that part of the world). like when mom says "you can't eat 12 crepes, no way" after which i force myself to eat 20 even if i vomit everyting afterwards, while keeping eye contact to prove how wrong she was. i find that the word spite in english can be used as a root of many different words, whereas in serbian its just that one thing.
i remember reading the same thing. the male players have to make friends on the tour because they need skilled practice partners. to get the best practice you want to be playing against the best.

the women don't have the same problem because they can just practice with male players: pros, semi-pros, or retired players. they don't need to play with other women to find the high caliber of skill they need.

i don't know how true that is, but it makes sense to me.
this did not need to be a standalone post. it could have just been a comment in the match thread.
if you're not beating them, you're not better than them, so first get that out of your mental game. if they are just tapping the ball over the net, why aren't you taking advantage of that? either coming up to the next or being aggressive enough to blast away a low-pace ball? if you're like me, who has an easier time with a ball with a lot of pace on it but struggles when i have to create the pace, then you know something you need to work on.
ok i don't think anyone else has mentioned this but i have been to wimbledon quite a few times and have always got tickets this way


ticketmaster release a certain amount of tickets every day for centre court and court one twice daily.  tickets are around £45 each  for the first few days then increase as the tournament progresses. seats are usually at the far back but a great view. they also do returned tickets same price but the seats could be anywhere on the court. 

the best way to have a chance at these tickets is to try and buy as soon as the tickets are released.  (tip. don't give up as sometimes you can get them 10-20 mins after due to people not completing the order)

go monday / tuesday to see the big players but don't expect challenging matches

best time to go is either the friday of the first week or the monday of the second as the better players start to play against each other

get early and go straight to the practice courts and the autograph area to get up close to the players. 

and if the weather is really nice sit on he man hill the atmosphere is better than the courts
if this is the case why are there sub-3.5 ratings for people who won't compete in tournaments?
i bet monfils will really regret wasting all his talent just to be a crowd pleaser in a decade or so.
has to do with wimbledon seeding based on grass court performance rather than overall rankings, i think. 
thats gret
the return of the rocket forehand. let's go.
that's definitely wacky. you would think a player would be rewarded in the rankings for at least a little longer for making it to a gs final like that. that's no small feat.
nadal and murray have never played each other in a finals?!
???? how can 36/37 include fed, nadal or murray with only the 05 ao final when 08 was djokovic tsonga????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tegsjmpqhcs
you're reading it wrong.  it's not with exception to the 05 ao final that is where they start counting the 36/37 after. the exception of that 37 is the 08 ao final.

confusing, i know.
another great find! excellent article, area.

**permalink**: [http://backhandcompliments.wordpress.com/2014/06/05/2/](http://backhandcompliments.wordpress.com/2014/06/05/2/) (just in case other posts remove this article from the front page.)

thats a good point, my net game is good, could improve but i just tend to stay back against them for some reason. i'll work on getting more to the net more quickly, esp after my serve
exactly, i feel good when there is pace but i struggle when i have to create the pace
i usually play 3-4 times a week, different surfaces, however switching between clay and hard, i'm better on clay
drawing them to the net is a good idea. i tend to try and end the points too early with 3.5 pushers. 

i do, however, practice with ncaa college players and i can play with them and keep the pace up with them. my strokes are good. when it comes to pushers, however--thats when i faulter
this is just tennisphilly.com league

i play in a 4.0 usta league thats different
i have to come to the net more against them...good point. i usually stay back

that's me. my net win percentage must be down in the tens. every bloody time, i get ahead of myself and cock something up.
oh hell yes. my favorite player.
it's a good idea to test their hands at net. if they really are a pusher, odds are they don't have the game to play effectively from there.

as you know, practice and a match are two different things. 

you think you're keeping pace, but they are just allowing you to keep the ball in play. especially when it's a higher level player that can hit the same ball  over and over again like a machine.

if you can't hit the soft balls with consistency, that means your strokes aren't quite as good as you think they are. it's tougher to hit a slow ball hard because 1. you have to generate your own spin and pace and 2. if you're strokes aren't grooved, you'll end up making an error trying to muscle the ball.

ask one of the guys you practice with to feed you slow balls and work on placing your next shot. try working on short angles and slice approaches.
just get tennis channel plus for 48 dollars for the year. here's a promotion code that will get it down to 48 dollars and you can watch matches the same day on the demand at your own leisure.

ustane20
thanks a lot for the advice. not hitting softballs with consistency is my problem, really appreciate the feedback :)
i guarantee you that del potro has a more than serviceable one handed back hand he could play with. these are pro's dude. 
because there are ntrp leagues for beginners. 2.5, 3.0..etc. 

if your results show you're clearly above level, you'll get dq'ed and bumped up the following season.

most people advance out of 2.5 or 3.0 in about a year or two. most players end up being between 3.5 to 4.0 on average.

a player can play up (3.5 playing 4.0 leagues) but you can't play down (4.0 playing 3.5 league).

at least in my area., most usta members play leagues not tournaments.
hi there! professional writer here! i am looking for someone to find a stack of crisp letterhead (a4 or standard legal) and film themselves cutting their frenulum with it. audio is strongly recommended and will give you extra experience in becoming a multimedia frenulum nick-er. 

i have around 50,000 viewers who are very interested in all types of frenulum-related paper cuts. with my help, i am confident your frenulum can go as high as #1 on our site. think of the excellent exposure!

message me if you're interested! god bless! and may your passing be attributed to toxoplasmosis!
no prob. btw- some of my favorite podcasts on beating pushers:

http://www.essentialtennis.com/category/podcast/beating-pushers/
what time do tickets usually go up for ticketmaster? 
haha!
it's true that if you are outside of the (top 50? top 100) that it's a struggle. gulbis is doing fairly well though.
this is perfect :) i will start listening!!!
thanks. i'll check this out.
listening now :)
it was basically just trudeau publicly wishing eugenie all the best for her match against sharapova.
i'm really excited for his return. admirable player!
would you be prepared to bet on it?
it's trashy and rude, but he's not being an attention whore or ignorant. he's been saying these kinds of things before, reason he has attention is because he's in the semi's.
this is exactly the person tennis has needed for the past, oh, 20 years. love it.
i don't have a source in english but in his most recent interview gulbis coach said ''ernest has no chance of winning against djokovic'' the reporter asked if that's a good thing to say if you're a coach and he replied ''we talked it over with ernests and he basically agreed''

way to motivate your guy, coach
another predictable rafa vs. novak final incoming unless gulbis somehow manages. still should be a fun semi and finals left to watch.
does andy have even the slightest chance in hell against rafa tomorrow?
lol so true. thats my favorite thing about him.
i doubt it 
i don't *think* he'll do it but won't be surprised if he pulls a rabbit out of his hat.  (i also have the weirdest feeling that murray just might have a better chance against djokovic in the final than nadal -- *if* he can raise his game over nadal's in the first place, that is.  but that's just stupid, right?)
as i answered re: the other match, i don't *think* he'll do it, but wouldn't be too surprised if he manages to pull the proverbial rabbit out of his hat....
no, it's not stupid!
nadal to beat murray in four sets.
of course he does, he played him decent in rome. he's playing the best i've seen him on clay and since his back surgery. it's why they play the matches and don't just go by paper, anything can happen.
maybe that's their way of keeping the pressure low? idk, there's some freedom when you're in idgaf mode, which is what gulbis seems to live by. it is weird tho.
i would normally believe that and i usually refer to it as a "revenge" match where we'll see 2011 levels but this match might be different because djoker knew him since they were in their early teens according to gulby. so i'm thinking, we wont see 2011 super levels from the very start.
he's got plenty of game to beat rafa. but i'm not sure if he's got stamina and mental toughness required to overcome rafa.
&amp; stretch 24/7
i would agree with you. deep down i think novak is happy that there's someone else that doesn't take tennis so seriously. they're both jokers in their own way!
i always wondered if i would live to see the day that people claim andy murray has a better chance than nadal on clay at the french open in a grand slam final.

seriously. every year i see people making these posts about how rafa doesn't look as strong this year and how maybe someone else stands a better chance, and it's all bullshit. this is rafa's arena, and in it he has experienced success literally unparallelled by any tennis player in history. the only way anyone has ever been able to beat him is because his body literally gave up. i cannot see how anybody would ever claim that even djokovic or federer, let alone murray, might outperform him there.
that's correct. 
**desired results**

**murray** wins in 3 glorious sets at 6-0, 6-1, 6-0

**gulbis** eagle forehand^tm proves to be too much for djokovic and he wins in an epic five setter 4-6 6-4 7-6 1-6 7-6






**expected results**

**nadal** wins in 4. murray has been pushed to 5 a couple of times already albeit a harder field he will be more fatigued and might take a set but won't have the energy to compete.

**djokovic** wins in a close 5. gulbis on any given day can beat anyone if he's mentally in it, however he will experience lapses and djojkovic will take advantage of those.
hope djokovic shuts gulbis down.
you think rafa has more endurance than andy? i feel like rafa, novak and andy all have pretty equal satminas. 
gulbis can't win 7-6 in the 5th tho. 8-6, yes. 
my guess, djoker and rafa lift their games like they have time and time again, and both win in straits. 
i would be surprised if we had anything other than novak and rafa in straight sets. either gulbis or murray could nick a set if they stay close into 4-4, 5-5 etc; murray would be the more likely as he did take a set off rafa in rome. in saying all that i just don't think they have enough.

i would love for murray to make it through the french open final against gulbis but i doubt either can or will make it.
any tourney without serena becomes instantly prettier. 

that said, petkovic is busted and halep was better when she had those big ol' titties. 
you can find the payouts [here](http://www.rolandgarros.com/en_fr/tournament_info/201307161374012761463.html). it pays out alright but not a ton.
i think it would be interesting if they used a fide-like system, but i don't know if there would be any complications that make that work out in chess but not in tennis.  from it's description it sounds like it's sort of along the same lines anyways.
thank you!
thank you :)
yes i have
ah, the stage of the tournament for murray where id take anything more as a huge bonus...my head tells me murray will make a fist of it and lose in three very hard fought sets but my heart remembers the rome game and how close murray was, although it was only a best of three so i appreciate the difference that makes


but cant wait for when they come out and do battle, as long as he gives it his all and then some and as long as he doesnt implode monfils style, ill be happy, its been a very good campaign this year, has had to come through some tricky customers


dont really mind what happens in the other semi, if murray does go out, obviously i wanna see a nadal djokovic final, but i dont really mind who goes through in the other one, djokovic because hes just amazing, but gulbis has really won me over this year, epic game against federer and absolutely mauled berdych, brilliant stuff


i cant wait for tomorrow
serviceable in practice maybe, but probably not at the professional level.

bear in mind that federer's backhand was considered weak pretty deep into his pro career until the constant pummelling it took evened it out.

del potro can probably hit a one hander, but without the decades of muscle memory hitting the same technique it would definitely not be up to scratch any time soon.
that was an epic post. you really need to write a book on tennis - i would buy it!
rafa in 3, novak in 4.

i want rafa to not win rg, to shake things up. i'm fine with any of the other 3 winning.
this is the unfourtunate truth. it would be  a sight to behind seeing someone as tall and talented as del potro to swing a one hander.
i think i agree with you that all three have equal staminas. but i have a feeling rafa makes this opponents do much more to win points. the guy doesn't play the score. he plays every point like the it's the last point. at least more so than any other players, imo. that makes his opponents to possess more stamina than they otherwise need. take djokovic for example, i think he becomes more successful against rafa when he got fitter and not afraid to go distance/go toe to toe with him point in and point out. 
on clay. i could see him beating rafa on another surface. especially with rafa's back.
fwiw, nadal-murray will be on nbc.
"rabbit out of the hat", in my intent, *includes* such things as injury, fatigue, and blind luck.

i'm not talking best-day vs best-day.  part of one's success in a tourney involves who one's played so far, how many sets it took, whether extra sets/effort are an advantage or a hindrance to an individual player, and so on.

for example:  if one player beats another in a final, "because the beaten player had sustained an earlier injury" (as in wawrinka/nadal recently), well, that's after all a part of the sport; you can't reasonably say "he lost only because dude was injured"; that ignores other essential elements:  that injury wasn't *just* chance; it had to do with (among other things) fitness before the prior match in which (s)he was injured, which is down to training, workouts, mental strength, maybe diet, other things?  the player who *won* might well have had the same chance of being injured if (s)he hadn't taken care of these other factors.

anything can happen.  i don't have a favorite.  i do however hope for supremely exciting tennis on the morrow, no walkovers/blowouts pleeze.
andy in 3. mark my words, in about 20 hours you'll all be quoting this post because i'll be right.
really? i'm dying to see novak vs rafa at fo 
9:30 and 12:30. uk time 
i would. halep's been a #1/#2 level player for quite some time now. if anything this would end quickly in two sets.
lol yeah. here's the probable the conversation b/w guilbis and coach:

coach: "now listen son, djoker is going to give you a beating and a half"

guilbis: "so what can i do? help me."

coach: "you can do absolutely nothing."
thing is, federer made it to the qfs last year, so he too lost points.
i always root for the underdogs. let's go murray and gulbis! soar!!!!!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/texas_sharpshooter_fallacy
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
 [**texas sharpshooter fallacy**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/texas%20sharpshooter%20fallacy): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;the __texas sharpshooter fallacy__ is an [informal fallacy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informal_fallacy) which is committed when differences in data are ignored, but similarities are stressed. from this reasoning a false conclusion is inferred.  this fallacy is the philosophical/rhetorical application of the [multiple comparisons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multiple_comparisons) problem (in statistics) and [apophenia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apophenia) (in cognitive psychology). it is related to the [clustering illusion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clustering_illusion), which refers to the tendency in human [cognition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cognition) to interpret patterns where none actually exist.

&gt;the name comes from a joke about a [texan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/texas) who fires some [shots](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gunshot) at the side of a barn, then paints a [target](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullseye_(target\)) centered on the biggest cluster of hits and claims to be a [sharpshooter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marksman).  


&gt;

---

^interesting: [^clustering ^illusion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clustering_illusion) ^| [^postdiction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/postdiction) ^| [^availability ^heuristic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/availability_heuristic) ^| [^apophenia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apophenia) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+ci08tsk) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+ci08tsk)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
i don't doubt novak v rafa will be a classic and be momentous in so many ways but i just think it would be interesting to see someone else in a slam final, especially gulbis, and to see murray be in a slam final against someone other than djokovic and federer were he would be considered the favourite and how he would deal with that.
we all know how boring last year finals were
bet the farm on gulbis he is going to shock the world
god i want that shot so bad, the only way i get it in is via a weak roll, but i want to rip those and those end up being a home run instead.
i honestly these two matches could each go either way. nadal and djokovic are both obvious favorites, but they aren't as prohibitively favored as they might have been last year if this particular draw had shaped up. gulbis suddenly decided he likes winning, and he is without a doubt a big match player, just like the other three guys on the courts tomorrow. djokovic's win over raonic was, by his own admission, considerably closer than the scoreline shows. if gulbis brings his game it could get very close.

murray also showed he had yet another gear in the fifth set of his quarterfinal. it came to crunch time and he nailed it. it's been said before but i agree that the rome match showed him he can bring his game to nadal and it can work. the problem for him is how much time he's spent on the court. he is insanely fit, but he's had some tough long matches and he's up against the best clay courter of all time.

what i want:

murray d. nadal 6-4 4-6 7-6 6-4

djokovic d. gulbis 6-4 3-6 4-6 6-3 6-2

murray d. djokovic in five weird, weird sets.


what i actually think will happen:

nadal d. murray 3-6 6-4 6-3 6-4

djokovic d. gulbis 6-3 6-7 6-3 6-1

nadal d. djokovic 7-5 4-6 7-6 6-4

edited for formatting, and a dumb mistake
just went through my guide searching through all the nbc channels from about 7am-10am tomorrow morning, but i can't seem to find it on any of the nbc channels. if it's not a live showing i'm pretty sure i'm gonna get it ruined for me. i appreciate it though. i'll keep looking.
he certainly does. he's got the game. the biggest factor working against him is the time he's spent on the court. unlike like almost every other player (outside of djokovic and some of the crazies on tour) he's not scared of nadal's reputation. 
alright, friend-o, you've made the call and have the right to hold it over everyone's head if you're right.
&gt;  so if there's this whole giant industry around watching them play and having them take up court time when more-talented men can't even make a living playing, they get to make up for it by being pretty.

that kinda rings true.  guys who are in the top 100's and higher are better players than these women.  and yet these men don't get paid as much.  and don't get me started on sponsorships on women which is obviously un-equal pay.
we all know djoker and nadal will turn super sayan and destroy their foes a la dragon ball, now the real battle is the finals, lets see if goku (aka nadal) can beat manjinboo (djoker) 
does anybody know if he is switching to a one-handed backhand?

and note the non-painted frame in the background, i love the look of a non-painted frame.
hopefully gulbis will win rg this year

i still mourn that he beat fed but now that he's done it, might as well go ahead and win the whole thing. 

plus i am tired of rafa winning it and i plain do not like djokovic and murray
this on youtube? doesn't play for me.
omg, same here, seeing blake play again, damn he had a great come back.
he was the only one who could stop nadal. i miss those days dude =(
edit: i found the quote, guys. it's as follows, per [the wall street journal](http://online.wsj.com/articles/coachs-backhander-for-tennis-star-gulbis-1401989260):

"my guy has no chance against djokovic," bresnik said. "i told him this. i am honest. i think he's not happy with it, but he probably agrees to a certain extent with me."

"he's not fragile," bresnik said. "you tell him the truth, and he's not collapsing. he cares, but he's not collapsing. he keeps it in his mind and i hope it makes him feel less pressure."

---

did that seriously happen? i can sort of see how his coach may have said it so gulbis just plays freely, but it just seems backward to me.

it's even stranger to me because i read that, a while back, gulbis said he doesn't like djokovic. he said in an interview that they've known each other since he was 12 and he noticed a change in nole's personality after his recent success. i thought gulbis might want to try to stick it to him this time around.
i am of this mind set as well. if anyone is equipped to beat nadal that isn't djokovic i think it's murray. especially with how lackluster nadal's serve has been this tourney i think he is going to wreck that second serve.
i feel you about djokovic. he's really not that interesting to watch. i have a hell of a lot of respect for him as a player, but never find myself rooting for him. 

murray is good theater. i can never root for him because to be a fan of his would drive me crazy with all his ups and downs, but he's fun to watch as a spectator. the "can he keep it together" angle is always enjoyable.
it's not even lowering pressure, i am pretty sure they are just trolling everyone since gulbis is well known for it and maybe trying to wind djokovic up.
gulbis to win the first set. the player that wins the second set will win the match.

the details of the murray vs nadal match are fairly unimportant because whether it is a 5 set battle or a 3 set thrashing nadal is always going to be the winner.
not a rafa fan i see
rafa over murray in 3 close sets and a fast moving 4th, djokovic over gulbis in 4
very unlikely, they've spend thousands of hours perfecting their game, you can't just go from a two handed backhand to using one and play in a pro level. he might as well work on what he can while recovering.
i won't believe it until i see him on a court in a tournament.
right. seems nbc's scheduled coverage won't start until 11am, because they probably don't want to pre-empt the today show :(

depending on how long that first match takes, some of nadal-murray might be missed. it *should* be live streaming in full through nbc sports live extra streaming website and app, though.

if you don't find someone with tennis channel and/or nbc fucks up and doesn't offer streaming, there are always those illicit streams that get posted in threads here.
eh nadal played one of the most grueling matches of his career in last year's semifinal then won the final in 3 easy sets. i think murray-nadal-djokovic all have the stamina to come back from a 5 setter after a day off with full stamina. not to mention the monfils match was &lt;4 hours
if it was a freak injury, i would understand but this is his second time missing 9 months and his second surgery. i can't imagine he has another injury and surgery left in him, even at 25. 
if andy can exploit the open court to rafa's forehand then finish into his backhand side like he was doing against verdasco then he can keep it close. it will also help if rafa's fh down the line is missing and andy's bh down the line is firing well. 


gulbis, however, is doomed. and i think anyone that plays novak in the final is doomed.

to the downvoters... have you even seen how good djokovic has been this tournament? and 4 in a row against nadal? he's reminding me of 2011. or do you hate me giving murray a chance to win? not sure i understand.
you can watch one of the streams online.  i usually do this site:

http://www.drakulastream.eu/tennis-live-streaming-video.html
i fucking love andy murray. i can't not root for him in any match he plays, whether it's in davis cup doubles or the first round at acapulco. he has the game to make a match of it vs. rafa, and i hope he can pull out that extra gear that he somehow always finds in the slams and make it one to remember! as usual my heart says murray, my head says nadal (no surprises there).

hope: murray in 4 (or anything, really). 

expectation: nadal in 3 or 4.

gulbis v novak will be *extremely* interesting. i'm going for novak in 4 or 5.
http://www.wiziwig.tv/broadcast.php?matchid=263128&amp;part=sports

there's gonna be at least a dozen streams for it there. i recommend installing acestream or sopcast if you want good quality, the flash based streams are generally crappier.
fed fan through and through, while i respect rafa's work ethic and domination, he is the polar opposite of fed in terms of grace and finesse. while fed is like da vinci- a classic, full of masterpieces (his strokes his footwork), nadal is like picasso, a great in his own right but sometimes making you wonder what exactly is going on (how did he return that, how did that ball spin in, etc.)
i'd say that i want gulbis to pull a wawrinka, but that would also entail all the inconsistency that came afterwards.
the only thing that can stop nadal from getting to the finals is his back. 
djoker and nadal should get through in 4 sets. i would be surprised if either went 5. 


im not your buddy, guy
it would be better if they actually knew how to play tennis.
the one guy was so fucking annoying.
what stick is that?
i can sell you my six.one.team 18x20 for $60.... plus shipping.
it's really not as hot as simona's there.
he just looks like he's slicing the ball back. not a serious backhand.
barring injury, there is no way murray wins a set. i wish i could bet on this.
i'm not your guy, friend.
his coach worked with safin, he works with ernest's now. he knows what to expect, if you recall safin federer wimby 2008
i was looking at these. you talked me out of it. thanks
the wait is almost over!
have you forgotten marat? on top of it, marat was a slam champion, and generally a kinder person according to most others
alright you want to down vote me, down vote me. murray still isn't winning a set against nadal at rolland garros. 
for a more high quality stream, i'd recommend installing [hola unblocker](https://hola.org/) browser extension and then watching the british coverage on [itv4](https://www.itv.com/itvplayer/itv4) (or [itv3](https://www.itv.com/itvplayer/itv3)). 
so he can win a set against nadal at rome 2014 (7-time champion) and at monte carlo 2011 (8-time champion) but roland garros it's just unfathomable? ok dude
ferrer also beat nadal during the clay court season this year, but nadal dialed into the bull for roland garros and goosed the third best clay court player in the world.
not even related. mind reminding us what happened at rg 2011 (you know, the tournament from that year that was actually relevant to this one)?
just looked it up. he didn't drop a set to andy murray that year. 
if murray is so fit and so great, why did he need five sets to beat mental midget monfils?

a: he isn't fit or great right now. 
he's so hot omg.
first surgery was the other wrist and he doesn't seem to have any issues hitting a forehand anymore.


i don't think he's talking about results, i think it's more a matter of sportsmanship.
i'm a murray fan but i think rafa will beat him soundly in 3 sets. but then i thought novak would do the same to him in last years wimbledon final. murray can look weak or inconsistent all the way through a tournament and then turn on the goods in a big match.
the first third set tiebreak in all the french open is won by gulbis.
5th set*
fuck.
i read this was a recurring injury so i presumed it was the same wrist. thanks for the correction!
you might want to try thrift stores.

i don't suggest buying a $20 racquet from a sports supply store, it will be an arm wrecker and not do you a lot of good in the long run. if you are remotely athletic you will find it useless right away.

or, does anybody have a spare racquet laying around they can gift the op?
it seems like everywhere except great britain has a general dislike of andy murray.  i feel like most of the hate stems from his play style but most of the haters are ignorant and irrational.
guilbis? do you even follow tennis?
there are no super sayans in dragon ball. or super saiyans for that matter. 
so it's strictly a serbian thing?
i too have never made an typo in my entire life.
i would be cautious with the word *strictly* but yeah.
not a typo if you do it twice, buddy. 
people have a generally negative reaction to dourness, which murray exemplifies. the brits, however, have a good/nationalistic reason to look past it and see murray in a more nuanced light, and see the funny, charming and sympathetic side of him. people outside the kingdom? not so much, therefore he's not going to be that popular.
good to see him training with martin palermo (argentinian soccer player, sitting at the bench), though i don't know how much he can teach delpo about tennis.
california. can't stand him. 
fair fair, it's a cool werd
is this some kind of act he's putting on, or is he genuinely this much of a dickhead? because i can't envisage him not being beaten to death on a daily basis.
ferrer won a set off him you're defeating your own point here. i don't think it's ridiculous to say andy can't win, just that he can't win a set. nadal isn't perfect, even at rg.
same old.  likely a wilson hyper prostaff 6.1 with an 18x20 string pattern.  

what's interesting is the blacked out frame in the background.  likely wilson is encouraging him to try new frames or at least move to a new paint job. 
i'm canadian. started to root for him at his runner up speech during wimbledon 2012. i teared up. shortly there after he's a gold medallist and us open champion. wins wimbledon the next year. pretty crazy run. 
not necessarily. nadal has a pretty easy road to the qf and ferrer brought out his best. once nadal got dialed in, like i said, there was no stopping him. i believe nadal is going to start out against murray at that level because at this point in his career, he want to finish his opponents quick. once murray feels nada's a-game, he will fold. 
they are totally related, they are clay court events that nadal has dominated. are you trying to say that the conditions at rome and monte carlo are so different than paris that they are useless? at rg 2011 nadal and murray played three tight sets and murray didn't manage to win one. a year that nadal was playing much better than he is now. i guess that proves murray is completely incapable of winning a set then &lt;_&lt; come off it, mate. if nadal can lose the first set to ferrer then he can lose a set to murray, as much as i'm sure you'd hate to see that happen. now, can murray win? i'd put that in like the 5-10% chance region.
on clay especially it seems that playing nadal is both physically and mentally exhausting for even the most fit players. i think it has something to do with how nadal always controls the pace of the match (what with his rituals and what not).
so you're assuming that nadal is going to play his best tennis from the start when in rome and madrid he was having slow starts against a lot of high ranked opponents and almost lost a few matches because of it. that's why in best of five he is so dominant. if nadal plays his best tennis for 3 sets straight, then yes, murray won't win one. i just think that's a big assumption to make given the year nadal's having and how well murray has played in this tournament (on and off, it's been spotty i know).
if you think nadal was playing well at that point in 2011 then you just weren't following tennis. 
fair points. i still stand by nadal crushing murray in three straight sets.
he was playing well. djokovic was playing on another level.
isner took him to five sets. he said after the first few rounds that he wasn't playing well enough to win rg. he lost madrid and rome in straight sets. still didn't lose a set to murray at rg. 
lost two tiebreak sets to isner. nadal always says he isn't playing well, then wins stuff. lost madrid and rome in straight sets to a transcendent djokovic during his 43 win streak. nadal had played himself into form by the semis of rg 2011 and as i said, was playing much better that year in general despite his w-l record looking better. only won madrid because nishikori was injured. all i'm saying is the guy's vulnerable, and since you trust his word so much, that is something he has said a lot this year. i just can't believe murray won a set off him 6-1 about 2 weeks ago on clay and you can't fathom him losing one set tomorrow. murray's probably gonna lose anyway so why do you care?
&gt; grace and finesse

save that shit for elsewhere. in tennis there is no damn "grace" or "finesse." you simply get on the court, shake hands with your opponent and aim to win. if you lose, you shake their hand at the net and move on. you can make shots that have a certain amount of finesse, but in the end you play to win. 

since we're on the topic of federer and grace, you know what was not graceful? that fucking jacket he wore at wimbledon with the number 15 on it. no one should wear that on their attire, it lacks respect to your opponent, even if it was roddick who he was up against (also grace and finesse should have seen roddick off in no time, considering the lopsided head to head between the two). 
murray can win a set. but his form and the rome match do not indicate this. that's all. i care because i'm sick of getting my hopes up for nadal to lose when he never does. 
&gt; save that shit for elsewhere. in tennis there is no damn "grace" or "finesse." 

don't really understand this rant (although i do get where it comes from, if you're not a federer fan on a subreddit populated with lots of federer fans).

but we certainly discuss the way styles of players' games appear *all the time*, and federer's technique has been pretty much universally described as "graceful" ever since he first rose to prominence in 2001. you make style comments yourself, a quick click on your post history you call gulbis' forehand "the eagle". that's certainly comment about technique style.
i call the gulbis forehand the eagle because it's not exactly an orthodox way to hit a forehand. i personally don't care how much grace a player has, that is not relevant to me in tennis.
grace is rightfully relevant to many people who *watch* tennis, but it might not be something you care about when *playing* tennis.
my point is you say "save that shit for elsewhere", but obviously discussion about the way players' styles appear does belong here. so you don't value "grace", okay that's fine, but /u/disastrously_dazed clearly and maybe that's why they like watching federer play. 

liking the style of federer's technique doesn't have anything at all to do with the silly fifteen jacket he wore after beating roddick (and if who wins is the most important thing, why does it really matter that it took federer a long time in a very tight match to do it?)
in the comic there are.
is it seriously? when watching tennis i don't focus on grace. i focus on technique, body language, point construction, nerve checking, mental game. i must lack grace. 
grace doesn't always have to mean technique. i just hated that jacket with a passion. 

/u/diastrously_dazed specifically wrote "his strokes his footwork", so i'm pretty sure the comments were about federer's technique and game. 

agreed on the jacket, it was definitely pretty tacky. but it has nothing to do with what was being talked about. 
i remember reading that a lot of the pro women's coaches can beat them in a match.  
still can't believe safin climbed up that draw despite playing with bum knees. 
djokovic in 3 sets (or 5 sets depending on whether gulbis shows up). 

nadal in 4 sets because while him and murray have never played at the grand slam level after murray became a grand slam champion, nadal is still kicking ass on the clay.  
it's something i've always wondered about mens vs. womens sports, and in tennis in particular. take the #1 ranked female player, how far down the ranks of the mens side do you have to go to find an even match? #100? #200? #500?
thank you! this has been a tough few weeks personally, and i really wanted to watch both semis to have a brief respite from the drudgery of real life. 
dumbest thing i ever heard look at the laver and mcenroe shot placements winning them games rather than power.

won't even bother with the rest of your nonsense
you're having english language problems, grace is not standalone but a part of body language technique and point construction.
if gulbis wins hell turn into a safin playboy and not win again, although satin one 1 more
have you seen how well nadal defends his break points, second serve or not?

murray won't beat him in 5, no one can have a purple patch long enough that beats nasals clay game. if murals normal gameplay can maybe go toe to toe nasals game then maybe theres a chance of an upset, i just think hell run out of steam.
any "professional" male tennis player likely has a heavy enough serve that they would win out. there probably isn't a female in the world that could beat a top d 1 guy. i would like to see serena take on various men though. i would love to be wrong. 
such terrible fans, you like watching him but don't want to root for him because he's frustrating and loses more than the other top players. thats like saying you would be an arsenal fan but support barcelona because they're the one that win all the time. thats called a glory hunter 
it's possible if you're in an all-gluten diet! 
&gt;**d**umbest thing **i have ever heard.** **l**ook at the **l**aver and **mce**nroe shot placements winning them games rather than power.

&gt;**w**on't even bother with the rest of your nonsense**.**

since you're not looking at my nonsense, i looked at yours. i did you a favor and cleaned yours up. 

on the topic of english language problems, it isn't my first or second language. it's the third, so while it's not perfect, i at least know how to work with grammar and capitalization. 

also, i dug around the internet and found some awesome elegance for you. 

http://i.imgur.com/zuh6il7.jpg
i'm saying i can't emotionally invest in a player that is a head case. my favorite player isn't in the top 25. back off.
they have endurance, but sustaining their a game for that long only rafa and novak can. e.g. murray went awol for 3 4th set against monfils. one slip from murray and nadal will tak control of the whole game even 2 sets down. murrays only chance is to go 2 sets to 0 up, any other scoreline nadal will be too confident.
prediction: murray and gulbis into the finals.
i have nothing against him as a player, except maybe his style of play where he stands so far back and plays defensively - but it works for him, so i don't really mind. 

but what really gets me is this curious *woo-oop* sound that he makes when he serves. it's quite unnerving to me, and i generally don't watch his matches regularly because of it. i know, it's a stupid things, but it really gets to me. 

(he seems to have reduced it during this clay season though.) 

another thing that i noticed people dislike him for (or only on this sub?) is how he grabs some part of his body (ankle/back/thigh) when he plays strenuous points. some people claim he still isn't faking it, some people claim that he does it so frequently that he has to be, either way i can't comment because i don't watch him regularly. 
that's what i was thinking.  you get absolutely no sense of how good andy is when he's playing completely inept people.
if murray beats nadal, we're guaranteed someone new will win the french. murray gets a third of a career gs, novak completes the career gs, and gulbis wins his first ever slam and we get a non-big 4 winner again.
once again language problems. understanding the meaning of the words and using correct grammar is different. hope you learned this lesson
not surprised.  even if it did, not sure how it can help anybody improve except maybe super high level competitive players with coaches who can interpret and use the number in ways that can improve them by the slightest of margins.  
thanks for the lesson. 
it may be predictable, but it's still an exciting prospect.  it feels like this is the year djoker can get him.
late to comment here... but #7: ridiculously photogenic wawrinka
it syncs to my computer but not my phone. how did you warranty yours?
craigslist should have some cheap options...
djokovic winning 4 sets?
ha, bouchard is hardly one to compare her against after what happened at the fed cup. now that was truly embarrassing.
2 easy sets? would you bet me a month's worth of reddit gold?
in the right thread... this would have 1500+ upvotes.
it's a big day today... i hope andy breaks rafa's winning streak.
first step: write a much better recruiting message. there is nothing worse for a writer than working with poor editors.
sign me up! i hope you get lots of shredded frenula footage. 
let's be honest here- nadal came into this roland garros in what seems to be his weakest season yet, only winning madrid because of nishikori injury. up until now he has been mostly untested aside from a small patch of always the bridesmaid never the bride ferrer. coming up is 2 time grand slam winner murray, not one time i got lucky murray, but he has proved he can tango with the best, while clay may not be his best surface, his showing in rome showed he can go head to head. on top of that he had a game plan- if he can stick to it he has a good shot. his energy levels are the only thing that worry me, he looked spotty in his last match . and murray is a much more elite returner than anyone nadal has faced up until now, he will put those 2nd serves away. but time will tell.
go gulbis!
hard luck eugenie, hats off to sharapova
i think the plot twist for the murray nadal game is if nadals back plays up meaning defence wont switch to offence as easily. the key set will be the second set. i think murray will be all guns balzing and take the first set then nadal will settle down and begin grinding down on murray. if murray loses second set its game over. however if he does win the second set he can go awol again like against monfils but that will allow him to settle himself and come to terms with the fact that he may just beat nadal on clay in rg. nadal saved like 10 break points against ferrer murray just has to take his chances. will nadal let him is up to his fitness i think.

djokovic is simple straight sets imo.
i had a clip of this match in my drive and decided to upload it. crazy match. if federer won he would equal mcenroe's record of 81-3 in a year. he was 80-3...
gulbis is going to need to balance the fine line between red-line, high-risk tennis and consistent, know when to go for it tennis. it's not something he's balanced that well in the past but he's seemed to turn a corner with his mental game lately so i'm looking forward to his match with novak more than the straight sets i anticipate for nadal over murray.
i keep hearing about nadal's back problems but he hasn't shown any trouble physically so far. can't see why he should now.
federer played with a bad back all 2013, all it looked like was federer declining in age. nadal only(debateable) lost to wawrinka due to his injury. still payed like a champ
very unlikely but that would be awesome!
&gt; perhaps his most surprising win is djokovic's win over tsonga, although tsonga did not offer must resistance to ferrer last year.

nothing surprising there at all. tsonga hasn't had a good year, he has lost to much weaker opponents than djokovic. he doesn't have a single win over a top 10 player in 2014.
i'd say gulbis has had the best bh in this tournament. djockovic will raise his level and grind out the match in 5
espn3
its also hampeeing his serve. he's had to slow his game down.

what i don't get is the hate murray gets for his play while nadal is playing similar due to his back yet it just gets looked over as an injury. if it wasn't for the fact that nadal knows how to grind down players, they'd be pretty much identical at this moment in time.
murray's ros is one of the best parts of his game, but ferrer is every bit his equal in that department on clay(if not every other surface too). nadal is well prepared as far as facing returns goes. 
certain players can be more fun to watch. watchability and pizazz is a thing across all sports. there is a reason why kobe bryant is exponentially more popular the duncan. 
man you are a hater lol i honestly don't care if you like roger or not, but i find it bizarre how eager non fans are to disrespect him. his flaws on and off the court have seemed pretty miniscule. seems like a great guy and obviously and all time great player. 

i think rafa is a really good guy, at least the second best player of all time and the greatest high effort/clutch player ever. he does things on the court that are so annoying to me that i'll never be a fan. 
that's really the least bold claim i've seen. you've basically have 4 players that are in every final of every slam for years. they mostly only lose against each other (of course there are exception, specially recently). it is known that federer couldn't beat nadal even if they tied his hands and made him ride a unicycle. so yeah, if djoko can't beat nadal, murray is the obvious second likeliest to do so.
will he kill a spectator during the match or something? because he's definitely not beating nole.
[this](http://tennishighlights.eu/) what your looking for?
you would still need a ground pass
it's not fair to compare women's and men's tennis.  without doubt the men are better players but it's a completely different class.

compare it to boxing.  no one says someone who is a super lightweight 	champion is shit boxer, or they shouldn't make good money because they would lose to a heavyweight.  


i would urge you to spend a little more if you can, it can make a bug difference to your game and i good one will last for ages. 
it's not even that good. it can't really tell you anything you wouldn't know by how you're hitting if you're a decent player.
if djokovic raises his level he will beat gulbis in 3. if he stays at this level, it can go to 5 sets.
it's not listed on espn3 in my area.

looks like the 11am match will be on nbc live extra
i demoed one before purchasing (i didn't) and had that same problem. it synced once or twice and then that was it. nothing. $400 for a oversized paperweight. just stick with regular practice and spend the extra $$ on some lessons lol.
for folks in the usa, nbc is also streaming the event

http://stream.nbcsports.com/tennis/?pid=15623&amp;cid=yahoo&amp;p=ya5nbcs

http://stream.nbcsports.com/liveextra/
come on gulbis! 
time for the gull to spread his wings.
djokovic straight sets imo, i hope im wrong
gulbis has his gameface on. let's do this for ketchup and mayonnaise!
i'm hoping for a djoko win, because i think he has the best chance of beating nadal. 
brit here. will support him as he's all we've got, but there's no denying that he has the personality of a garden rake. 

don't have any issues with his game - he seems to have a good game plan and strategy for the most part - just can't seem to execute it all the time.

no doubt that he is still on the way back from surgery, and that the loss of lendl was a bad thing for him. hopefully a new coach will have a good effect.

unilateral support from brits is far from the truth. i could easily find more people that don't like/support him than that do. he alienated a lot of people with his scot/england comments, regardless of his intention or whether he was quoted out of context.

was genuinely surprised when he won wimbledon. i'd have bet previously that he would never have done it in his lifetime, even though i thought at the time that djokovic had a shocking match to the point i was suspicious.
that forehand is unreal. it's easy to forget how good prime fed was. 
another blessed hot semi-final day for nadal, and another unfaithful hot semi for djokovic, and he's wearing pretty much the same shirt. ugh superstition. (yes i know they are not playing each other)
it looks like they're only streaming the second match. tennis channel has the first one in the us.
come on djokovic!
this seems to be yesterday's women's semifinals

yes, he has. still, i want both nadal and djoko in the final, and nadal to win. 
i think there is a time differential, just like their tv coverage
i've noticed his "noises" as well. also his "shocked noise" when his opponent unexpectedly hits a drop, or an angled shot.

i don't think he fakes his injuries as such, just that he makes a meal out of them. he's not one to leave anyone in doubt if something is affecting his game.
paleo v junk food, which diet will win out?

and wow that last game, go nole!
lets go novak!!! show gulbis that a loud mouth doesn't win tennis matches. 
i want anybody but nadal to win. at least djokovic will have the chance to complete a career grand slam, for nadal its just another notch on his belt.
the way gulbis spreads his arms out before hitting a return...kinda looks poetic
such bad luck for this fella.
what's with all the empty seats? :0
indeed. nadal winning roland garros is just the usual. my ideal would be gulbis winning it though.
goooooooooooo djoko!
i'm with you
i know!  but all the 2pm matches have been like that all week.  people will trickle in the whole match and by the time they're in the final set, the stadium will be full.
best all around player of all time. was considered the king of clay long before rafa, yet won 5 straight wimbledon's. using completely different strategies: normally a top spin baseliner, when at wimbledon would serve and volley virtually every single point. rafa owns clay but drops considerably on other surfaces; federer holds only 1 french title, novak none. master of all surfaces, borg also has the highest winning percentage ever.
i'm all for change, but at this point nadal not winning rg would feel weird. that said, in the (likely) event of a nadal-djoko final, i'm giving nole the edge. 
yeah, it's really stylish.
big props to dzoko for saying the ball was in
welcome to paris, nothing interrupts brunch/lunch
if gulbis keeps up this rate of unforced errors, theres no way he's beating djokovic or nadal for that matter.
i couldn't understand what happened. the umpire showed that the ball was out and then novak brushed the ball mark and showed it was in?
yes
nadal to lose :)
i'm not sure your bit on lendl leaving because andy's a loser is right...where did you hear that?
what's the deal with gulbis' rackets ?
forget breaking djokovic, gulbis can't even take a point off his serve. 


one for the east and one for the west

i think
damn those corporates
only 58? in my mind he's so ancient! i guess retirement age for tennis (and other sports) is really young and it really throws me off.
shame federer didn't win his match, he would have had more chances against djokovic and it would have been a better semi-final.
this trash beat federer?

djokovic isn't even doing anything special. gulbis can't even return a simple serve over. wtf this is such h a one sided affair. 

fed would have at least made it interesting. 
i guess that's what happens when a  sporting goods company tries to get into tech.  they'll need to hire more people from tech industry to make this work.
great champions start playing tennis at the age of only 3 or 4 so their body could develop well into shape. 
they retire at about 30,35 years most of them, and it is a long career definitely.
a bit similar to the tsonga match, djokovic not having to doing anything really impressive, just be more consistence than the other guy.
novak please. i want a rematch!
djoker just won the second set. up two sets to love, might be a straight set match.
i'm sure he's a very nice young man and he is a fine tennis player.  that said, i can't get past [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oue9yaumnq8).  (usa here.)
borg retired at 24
it'd be his ninth, though, and that's not just some blaise achievement, that's a record over both himself and the men's open era. i want a nole/rafa final because either way it's historic.
*loses
i was under the impression that he had been playing with the wilson juice pro...

edit: but it would appear that you're correct, given the color scheme and [this](http://equipboard.com/items/wilson-k-factor-ksix-one-95-tennis-racquet?p=1&amp;src=name_img) fairly useful resource.
i want  djokovic to beat nadal in the final because that means i win the reddit french open draw comp.

pretty much no other reason.
wait, so the coverage of nadal's match will not be live? i can't find out what's going on. what happens if the second match starts at 9:30 or 10?
my beef with murray is his horrible attitude on court. towards himself, not opponents. when playing badly, he will scream at his box, continually berate himself, literally hit himself with his racquet, and just generally be negative as possible. i've been watching tennis for 35+ years and never seen such a horrible mental game as murray. his skill set is right up there with the big boys but his mental game is crap. 

i will say that i've seen interviews and documentaries in which we see he's really a likable, nice guy. it's just that on court, when things aren't going well, he implodes. i should also add that i'm not much better in this regard; tennis is one of the most frustrating things i've ever done when hitting poorly.
it's a horrible idea, executed badly.
i hope you are right. 
djokovic is only winning 17% of his 2nd serve points in the 3rd set!
that's nole. it doesn't matter if he's winning, losing, or in a tiebreak on setpoint. he's been doing that stuff since before he was even in the top 5.
it's not just another notch on his belt, it's another step closer to federer's record. i want him to win because he deserves to.
djokovic's second serve is really letting him down in this third set... under 20% points won on a second serve while in the previous two sets it was over 50. i feel like he's playing it too safe
got to say nice fair play from gulbis.
well done ernest. hopefully his back is ok, don't like him seeing grabbing his back after each point :/ gogogog ernest, sadod viņam
straight sets,eh? the comeback is real! go ernest!
gulbis is also swinging more freely in the third (just like he did after the medical timeout against federer). lets see if he can continue this in the 4th set.
come on novak! you can do this, man.
i'm for nadal beating nole in the final.  nadal needs to surpass samprass and maybe federer.
well, you were wrong, let's see if he can get the next two though. it seems unlikely but i'd love to see him come through.
watch live french open tennis - semi finals free streaming @ 

http://www.streamcentral.info/cmps_index.php?pageid=tennis
strategic backpain, that is
people don't like players who scream and swear at themselves for the duration of a match? 
\#mindgames
djoko destroyed that racquet, nice.
who would have thought djokovic will be first to break racket in match against gulbis..
nalbandian was a great player, similiar to ferrer. he could have won a lot more than he did.
why is djokovic not playing it to his forehand? :(
i really hope nadal doesn't surpass federer.
wtf is going on with djokovic
why so many nadal haters? just curious is all. the consensus seems to be 'anyone but nadal', but i don't get it, personally i would like to see him extend his rg record, but feel no partiality towards him in other slams
djoker is doing an excellent job giving gulbis something to believe in here. what the hell has happened to his game?!
djok is back to default mode again.
you really feel for novak. gulbis is the type of player to just randomly turn on and hit everything as hard as he can and in. a very frustrating type of player who gives little rhythm at times
oh no not the cursed hat! 
on the main page, it says 11am

not sure if that means they're gonna have time delay, or only show nadal's match
http://stream.nbcsports.com/liveextra/
why?
true, that semifinal last year was an epic.
what the fuck are you doing djokovic? the worst performance on drop shots today i've ever seen.
still dishing out 212km/h second serve aces in the 4th, i hope this is heading to a fifth.
ha! whoops
join us on irc if you are watching the match. [here](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#reddit-tennis) is the link. 
if djokovic keeps his mental game i think he would take gulbis if it were stretched to a fifth
that too! it's great to finally see someone able to really take it to nadal on clay. it feels like when rafa and federer began clashing at wimbledon, with one player the established king and the other with something to prove. it's exciting to have that dynamic again.
djokovic was kind enough in giving the crowd some entertainment and get their moneysworth. comprehensive win
goodbye gulbis
bravo nole, legendo!
welp, we got the post-match interview to look forward to...
happy that djoko won; unhappy that junk food lost.
not even novak andy final??
the errors just cost him the 4th set when he was playing better.
i try to do this when the opponent has one big weapon, but i have to figure out how to still maybe it difficult for him.  for instance, i was playing this guy who had an absolute monster of a forehand, so i knew i had to beak it down.  i started hitting low slice and off-pace to his forehand, and i won the second set after getting bageled in the first.  


of course, i lost the third set tie-break 13-15, but that's a whole other matter.
it's incredible really, i tuned in last two sets and that was a total shitshow from djokovic. no serve, no backhand, short forehands and still 3-1...
bill tilden did this. if you successfully break down your opponent's strength, they have nothing to fall back on. but it's kinda like fighting fire with fire.
6-2, 6-4, 6-3.

let's see what happens.
my boy djo!!!
in who's favor?
any good streaming sites for the u.s.? neither espn or nbc are streaming it yet..
let's wait and see...

edit: c'mon guys it's kind of obvious who i met.
let's go rafa!
are none of the links in the post working?
sorry - yes i can get a bunch of those to work, but i was hoping to find an official hd stream. looks like nbc will start streaming at 11am est. 
well, i'll be honest, i ain't liking murray's chances. 
love looking at the upvote/downvote ratio on pro-rafa comments. /r/tennis - never change!
it's just more parisians in general.
when they posed for the pre match photo, i realised that these two may just be the most awkward guys on tour.
strategy depends on your skill set vs. the skill set of your opponent.  if you're a beginner at tennis, then your skill set is so low, that getting the ball over the net is about the only thing you can sensibly do.  if your volley is poor, then, you're not likely to chip and charge or serve and volley.

if you can attack your opponent's strength, hoping it will break down, then maybe that strength isn't so great, after all.  sometimes players misdiagnose a strength.  for example, some players hit a very powerful forehand, but it is inconsistent.  so, it *looks* like a strength (and can still be a strength), but if you can keep up, then it breaks down.  the steady backhand may not look like a strength, but it's the one that doesn't break down, and so it is the strength.

if you're good enough to attack the strength, then, as mentioned before, maybe you're just too good.  your opponent might begin to attack your weakness, and what if you struggle to attack the strength.  if your opponent is so unaware of strategy that they hit wherever and let you use your strength against them, then that's bad on their part.

i'm guessing if you were facing isner, he'd ace you left and right, and if you were asked "why didn't you attack his strength", you'd have to admit that you couldn't begin to touch his serve, and so you couldn't even begin to attack their strength.  that's the big problem players have.  people stay away from nadal's forehand because they don't think they can keep up, and that it will play into his hands.

i think the biggest difference between pro and amateur strategy is the pros have a lot more to work with, not just more shots they can hit, but also their mental toughness.  can you execute the strategy you want?  can you hit that shot under pressure?

strategy doesn't have to be strictly x's and o's.  it can be running an opponent around because you know they are slow, or not fit.

at the non-pro level, many players, esp. beginners, tend to have no strategy at all.  they just want to hit the ball hard, with no real purpose at all.
reckon andy might be able to grab a set.
massively unlikely that muzza will win but i can see him taking a set.
i don't even know who to root for anymore.. i just hope these two put on a good show
&gt; i ain't liking murray's chances.

i'm liking it. hopefully an easy wrap up for rafa, not that a 5 setter is going to have any major effect on his fitness for finals. 
come on muffa! win one for the gippah!
the majority of people on this subreddit are federer supporters. i think their attitude towards nadal stems from a combination of not wanting him to break the records that federer set and a knee-jerk reaction from watching nadal beat their hero in grand slam after grand slam over the years.

they're in stage 3 of the 5 stages of grief.
again anyone but nadal!!!
you fools that's prime fatbaldian! when he was not eating burgers he was destroying federer and nadal left and right.
lol, what happened?
i think this is probably the most predictable outcome.. nadal wins in 3. straight forward sets.
that's what i've always wondered. 
i generally either play with my usta team, or one of the guys from our 4.0 email listserve (i got totally lucky when i moved to my current location, 80+ 4.0 level guys on an email list, so easy to find new guys to play competitive matches with.) we all try to help each other get better, because heck, it's either a fellow member of your team, or a guy from about one of the other usta teams in our area, which we usually play practice matches with since most of us play out of the same home court, so we always help each other, watch each other, give advice, take notes, etc. 

even then, even if i was just alone, i think i could figure out most of the stuff, like (hmm, i'm not getting that much top spin, hmm, i'm hitting short to his forehand and he's getting to step into the court and dominate on too many points, hmm, i seem to be double faulting, etc.)

i'm not sure what that device would be useful for, besides marketing and making money for babolat. 
while i see his appeal to the pan-uk crowd, especially given the struggle they went through with henman i'm curious if there remains tension with the whole scottish versus england thing that he was big on before like during the world cup, when he said "why would i care about england in the wc?"
anyone know why they wait that long to start streaming? seems weird.
handjob from murray. it was inappropriate really.
they just both looked uncomfortable trying to smile for the camera. plus from other clips and photos i've seen, they just seem really awkward off the court.
not sure why you got downvoted. i'm a big muffa fan, but it's true. 
ha, i can only imagine how awk i'd be doing that...
if one of y'all can grab some good screen shots, that'd be fantastic
http://i.imgur.com/fwmxy8a.png
i really don't get nbc.

i understand the today show gets tons of viewers (though, really, the hoda/kathy 10am hour, too?), but nbc also has their own fucking sports network cable channel.

they should surely be using that to broadcast nadal/murray right now instead of a simulcast of a talk radio program

or you know, stream it on their website.
i think it depends on the player you are facing.  if they are solid all around and have one standout shot this could be a viable approach.

more likely than not, at the club level, your opponent is going to have a number of weaknesses and one or two solid pieces to their game.  in that case attack the weaknesses make them run around shots and get them thinking "why didn't i work on this in practice"


it's almost surreal when you stop, step back, and take a look at the forest, instead of the trees. so much more expenses than what meets the surface.
bleh, i'm a fed fan and i was happy when someone else finally won wimbledon. there is something about redundancy and predictability at roland garros when it comes to who wins it that has started to make it the most boring of all slams. nadal not winning this year would make for a very interesting tournament next year.
is it just me or is rafa wearing unbelievably short shorts during this match?
he has won 8 of the past 9 years here. unless you're a nadal fan, it's way more appealing to have a new winner.
early break gives nadal a big mental edge over murray.  he holds here and he is up just 1 break but up 3-0

edit: being up 3-0 can look like it is a runaway, but really is only a slight lead.
doubt it.
absolutely bricking it...and murrays down an early break :(
if he won the third game, he would indeed be up 3-0 because andy has not won a game.
it hurts
just held, up 3-0.  let's see what kind of mental andy toughness shows today.  he surprised me with that 6-0 to close out monfils
jesus.  nadal is just rolling over murray.
incredible analysis. thanks.
exactly my point of saying that in response to the first comment
godamn andy, figure out the court dimensions
vamos andy! 
exactly. i play at the 5.0 level so the fact is that i know my stroke and what i'm doing (right or wrong) already before reading some somewhat arbitrary measurements. 



also i don't care for babolat racquets, especially the one that comes with that system.
it's not quite that simple. the tennis channel fronted a lot of money to get coverage of the match, so they're getting the rights to it until 11am
still reckon that?
the analysis was more pointing out the fact that murray has the uncanny knack to beat himself.  first serve faults ufes.  etc.   not uncommon to see him force it or give up when down.  not really known as a fighter
it's contagious 
i have no clue. maybe they anticipated the djokovic-gulbis match to last longer? 
eurgh, this is not going to be a very competitive match.
yeah. murray comes across standoffish (i love him, but i make lots of cracks about his "sports personality of the year" award) and nadal seems like a manchild (childlike in a lot of his off-the-court behavior, same coach he had when he was a child, still lives with his parents, etc.).

if i had to hang out with any of the big 4, it'd probably be djokovic (although i have this feeling andy would be hilarious if he got smashed). he seems the most bro. but if i had to work with someone and trust he'd do a good job without my supervision, it'd be rafa. if i had to date one and take home to impress my parents (or attend a black tie function), it'd be roger.
i love andy... but if he beats nadal on clay and in nadal's favorite open i will be so shocked. and yet the british newspapers all ran variations on how andy could beat him. most of it was around his stubbornness... none of them described skill.
well this is already one-sided and routine as hell -___-
nadal
you're on reddit right now, so you obviously have time to spare when you should be working.  i'd do it.
well without photo evidence its pretty hard to determine which one you met.
did anyone else hear the bit about murray changing his string pattern to get more power, but less spin on his shots? seems like an interesting choice.. 
the answer could be simple: it's monfils.
easy game, easy life.
who did you meet?
omg please hit more into the net andy
there seems  a lot of wishful thinking. if you listen to the british broadcasters, not a single shot is going by that they aren't trying to decide how it makes andy look good. it is nice they are fans of their home country's player but rafa is not going to be so easily dismissed just because some people want him to be. 

i am not really sure who i want to win this. on the one hand, rafa v djok rematch at rg after last year could be epic. on the other, as a djok fan i would rather see novak take on andy than rafa at the rg final. 
that's what makes the great players great, the feeling that their victory is an inevitability. federer did the exact same thing in his prime. oh he's in the final against roddick? gee, i wonder what's going to happen.

i would argue that it was much worse in the early 2000s at wimbledon etc. because not only was the result a forgone conclusion, nothing memorable happened because of how short the rallies were. by contrast, at the french we have djokovic vs nadal marathons that consistently produce some of the best matches the world has ever seen.
that was awful. truly awful.
nbc did a terrible job bargaining then. four hours is extremely likely to cut into the beginning of the second match.
that he might win a set? it's not the most outlandish of statements.
are they calling "net" - "let" ?
i guess that's true, but do they really benefit much from only being able to show part of the match? it's not like anyone is going to know this enough time in advance to call their cable company to order tennis channel (if said company even offers the channel) and just for the sole purpose of watching  ~1 set at that.

and surely nbc could've made a deal with them to stream the entirety of the second match on their website or broadcast it on nbc sn. they've done that for french open matches in the past years.

in any case, i can't wait until 2024, where hopefully, espn will put everyone out of their misery and buy the rights for the entire event.
honestly? i find their matches pretty boring. they always hit the same patterns against each other, there's never any variety. murray is content to play it safe from the baseline instead of attacking or trying to pull nole off balance with shot variation, and because djokovic isn't given anything he does the same thing. he knows he can outrally murray so why force anything?

you'd think they would shake things up, given how long they've known each other, but it's always the same match.
this is what it is called http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serve_(tennis)#let
not saying it is, but after seeing the front part of that first set, i'm curious if you would still think this isn't going to be straights. 
the ref looked at the wrong mark.
i just find his feats on clay remarkable, if he can keep it up and go for 10 or more, the more power to him. i also enjoy watching his matches, despite what people say of him being the antithesis of gracefulness etc, he has great shot-making which adds entertainment value and a great attitude in terms of determination and humility (though that may have to do with his being limited by being a non-native english speaker). 
but i also enjoy watching any of the top seeds especially in the 2nd week of slams when you get more epic matches. 
til i have been calling it "net" all my life..
rafa lives with his parents?
i think it probably will be, but as i said, andy *might* be able to grab a set if rafa's level drops.
hey,
i live in singapore and i'm not able to find any links for the match. none of the above links work in my region. i was wondering if any of you could suggest one which would work?
whatever you call it, murray is hitting it
"since let is actually french filet (net), it looks like the let call should be called only for that particular reason (that is net). would you please comment on this?"

many words in tennis come from french, so they don't always make since in english.  love for example comes from l'oeuf or the egg (0 looks like an egg i guess).  deuce...etc.
i doubt it, more like people just like seeing underdogs win every once in a while
unfortunately, it's just about money at the end of the day and it's a matter of them questioning whether the benefits of viewership at those particular hours are going to be worth it to front the bidding war against the tennis channel.

good news, you only have 5 min left until coverage starts on nbc and its only 1-1 in the second set after a uneventful 1st set
"king of clay" graphic
and they put an image of rafa at wimbledon. 

shouldn't bother me... but it does...
http://imgur.com/kz809fn
so on the west coast nbc isnt showing the rest of the mathc
have you tried using hola? you can change your region and therefore fool the itv website into thinking you're situated in the uk and watch their (admittedly very poor) coverage for free!
it's basically true. to be fair, he's not exactly "home" a lot of the year...
drakulastream above
andy for the love of god get your shit together; way too many unforced errors 
now that i think of it, both!

i *meant* nadal.
so how do you guys stay relaxed when your favorite player is being shitty? i'm seriously considering turning this off, it's unhealthy.
classic andy!
hey..what just happened to the point after the double fault - the third game of the 2nd set?
wow, get a load of this golden era of competition, agassi!
classic andy
where am i supposed to watch the rest of the match?
honestly, when you really think about it, the pre-match photo, other than a basic handshake, is basically crap.

you spend hours and hours watching film, thinking about how you're going to impose your will on your opponent, go to the practice courts and get ready for a mission, and then you have to act like everything is all cool right before the actual thing happens.

if it's some amateur thing, sure, of course you can be happy or whatever, but to smile for a photo like you're buddies, it's so fake. a handshake before the coin toss is appropriate tho. 
its playing now.  quality is excellent
rafa is just too good
so you are indeed a troll.
also needs to get over his nerves and get his mind in the game
who is favor?
lots of spanish people do. it's a cultural thing.
the men's semis have been so boring.
where?
if he wins this year thats 5 in a row isnt it?
i didn't know it was possible to make so many unforced errors while playing with so little aggression.
any pop culture reference i am missing?
from the bbc:
&gt; 
&gt; given his complexion and a childhood in scotland, the sun is probably rarely an ally of andy murray.
&gt; it is finding new ways to inconvenience the world number eight though.
&gt; a double fault on the opening point is partly due to the dazzle from up above judging by the way murray shoots daggers at the sky.

(http://www.bbc.com/sport/live/tennis/26793512)

so it's the sun, murray doesn't play in the sun. 
the way nadal moves around that court is fucking impressive. 
i just can't get behind murray.  and i think this is hilarious.
drakulastream.  or nbc http://stream.nbcsports.com/liveextra/
nbc is showing today?  not the match like tennis channel said they would.
there probably is one, but not that i can come up with.  just seems funny to me.
they're homers, just like any paper from spain would be in favor of nadal or serbia for djoko
why it showing it if you are on the east coast.  fucking bastards.  where am i supposed to watch the rest of the match
this is the only time i want nadal to win, just because djokovic beating him in the final would be the greatest moment.
http://stream.nbcsports.com/liveextra/
http://stream.nbcsports.com/liveextra/
thanks for stream link.
if he's plain shitty, it's actually bearable. if he's doing everything he can but still outplayed, getting some fresh air is always a good idea. felt the latter a lot watching rafa playing novak. always a ordeal . 
the only necessary strategy at the amateur level is hitting to your opponent's backhand.
the hola unblocker is working great today for the itv stream. we can see the sweat beads on rafa's nose. 
it'd be pretty incredible, not just for him but for the sport too. i really want to see nole get a career slam, though.
its on the tennis channel until then. tennis channel showed djokovic v gulbis, then nbc gets coverage from 11 on.
true, i'll go for a walk.
my post says $60 is way above my price range... i am looking for something ~$20 used.
fyi...wiziwig extra1 channel has commentary in english and also has lesser lag compared to the channel 40.
it's like andy walked out knowing he's going to lose and can't seem to make himself care.  and i'm an andy fan, i'm not saying this maliciously, it's just what i'm observing.
down goes murray.
click the drakulastream at the top of the thread
aaaand, the nbc stream is actually worse than the drakulastream.
andy really hates the middle of the net, and wants to punish it.
his backhand was one of the way shots i've seen. 
http://i.imgur.com/i0svc.gif
because i've always liked federer better
man what a stomp, it's not even entertaining to watch.
you're paying 60 bucks a month to play with actual pros.. i think it's worth it 
sigh.
with the way andy is playing today that's about all you can do.  
if nothing else, nadal gets to practice that down the line ripper.  he's going to need it against djokovic
don't know why you're getting downvoted. if you're a djokovic fan, you want djokovic to play nadal in the final. its that simple. there is a reason 2008 wimbledon is considered the greatest match of all time, and its in large part because nadal beat fed on his best grand slam surface. djokovic beating nadal on sunday would immediately catapult that match into legendary status.

although i'm a huge nadal fan, im not blind to the magnitude of this final. its eerily reminiscent to 2008 wimbledon. djokovic has been getting the best of nadal lately but just can't seem to beat nadal at the french open. he contended the last two years (see, 2006-07 wimbledon), and is now primed to try again on sunday. i wouldn't consider myself superstitious, but the uncanny similarity has me worried.
i read that in rentons voice from trainspotting 
yep
yepp
what the heck? tennis channel stopped showing, and nbc doesn't pick up till 11? 
he can basically use this set as practice for the things he wants to do against novak. 
so tc cut transmission at 10am of the rg semi to show some old replays, and nbc isn't showing the match until 11am. so for a whole hour nobody is showing the rg semi?! people need to get fired today! this is fucking ridiculous
64-1 must be a record for best win percentage in any one tournament. if we set lower limit for matches played of course. 
they realized it's just the practice session for the final.
the wiziwig link above is the best, but you aren't missing anything.  still, if you want to see any tennis today you need to go find a stream because it isn't going to be on much longer.
murray is literally not being able to get into nadal's service game, it really isn't helping when nadal gives him a second serve, that murray does exactly the opposite to what he has done all tournament, which is standing inside the baseline.

he needs to play with some more aggression. but all credit to rafa, he really is playing at such a high intensity, that murray just cant get anything.
11 am eastern standard time, 8 am on the west coast.  its playing now
"beating rafael nadal in a 5 set match on clay is hardest thing to do in tennis" roland garros radio 
see above
time for murray to mail in that third set.
can someone tell me how nadal can be 88-1 at best of 5 set clay matches, but only 65-1 at the french? what other tournaments are best of five on clay?
could be davis or fed cup
i think masters used to be 5 sets in the final.
of course, thanks man
masters used to be best of 5, at least in the final
they are showing some other today show kind of crap here at central time locations. 
thanks. 
someone already answered, but here's a link with all his 5-set matches on clay: http://www.tennisabstract.com/cgi-bin/player.cgi?p=rafaelnadal&amp;f=acareerqqb1p2o1
shut up already!!
[nadal please](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jarbhqleu-o)
lol rafa walking in that last point, good practice session.
practically over now.  looking forward to the final and will root for andy in a couple of weeks when he repeats at wimbledon.
can u give me the context of this particular scene?
so when nadal said 'he's a candidate to win roland garros' on murray, did he really mean it?
couldn't be more right. it has to be nadal vs djokovic.
what's he going to say?  "the red-headed fuck doesn't stand a chance"
he was just joking around, you know, to give false hopes.
well if you think about it, they play more matches at grand slams at any other tournament.

i think you have to make a distinction between "best record" and "percentage" as you say, with setting the lower limit for matches. someone might have a 100% winning record at a tournament, but, really, who cares if it's a 500 or the olympics, a challengers, etc. 

but yes, this is the biggest accomplishment in the sport of tennis regarding any one event. they just said rafa has won more matches at rg than andy murray has won on clay total
that website is awesome, i'm gonna spend some time on it, thanks
it's like this comment should be redundant... but it's not. it's really is so damn impressive.
i can imagine gulbis saying that!!
novak is the only one who really had a decent chance this tourney.

ferrer stated he gave up. david ferrer. mind blowing
though all of the spanish camp tends to fear rafa, with ferrer being the only one that can ever challenge him. 
delllll pooooooooooooooo!!!!! &lt;3
$15? is this an actual lesson or is this just aimless hitting around????

if you can add some specific purpose to these hits, i'd say it would be worth it, assuming you can make up the time for work.

example - work on specific patterns of play, work on volleys, work on service returns. i imaging that after returning well hit serves from these guys, when you play people on your level, it will feel easy.

if it's just some half-interested high level player just rallying with you at 50% speed to make $15 and not really working on anything specific, i wouldn't think losing time from work would be worth it.
couldn't fault him for being honest
not a murray fan, but i feel for him now :/
gulbis should win something first though
i think these guys want to get out and hit, and work on putting together patterns and their put away shots. people that can come to the hitting sessions are limited to higher end 4.0 players that one of the pros invites, or 4.5 and above, and high level high school and college players. 

i think the 15 bucks is just kind of to half way pay for their time, because although they need to hit to stay in playing shape, they also need to make sure that they are at least getting something every hour that they are out there at work. 
the first deuce of the match.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homie_the_clown

homer, dressed as as krusty doppleganger, is set to open a new krusty burger after enrolling and completing his study at the clown college. homer parachutes into frame in grand fashion, meaning to land on a pile of giant krusty hamburgers. in typical simpsons fashion the prank goes array as homer crushes through the middle krusty burger as his miserable parachute floats down uselessly behind him.

the kids in this video are gathered around to see krusty (homer). he awakens slowly to find a small man dressed as a robber (hamburglar) tugging at one of the burgers; obviously this is part of the show. homer becomes irate "he's stealin all the burgers" and tackles the tiny burglar and begins pummeling him. hence the child in the crowd giving this quote.  
the only way for andy to win is to really step in and hit flat like novak, soderling, blake, etc. but rafa is hitting so deep there's no way to do that.

his return game is really his only way out. 
andy can't hang with rafa if he plays into rafa's game, and the execution is happening. 

that said, a good showing following significant time injured.
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
 [**homie the clown**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homie%20the%20clown): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;

&gt;"__homie the clown__" is the 15th episode of *[the simpsons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_simpsons)*' [sixth season](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_simpsons_(season_6\)), and aired on february 12, 1995. when [krusty the clown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krusty_the_clown) opens a clown college to deal with his debt, [homer simpson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homer_simpson) enrolls and ends up impersonating krusty at public events. mistaking him for the real clown, the [springfield mafia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/springfield_mafia) kidnaps homer, demanding their money. [joe mantegna](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joe_mantegna) returned as [fat tony](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fat_tony), while [dick cavett](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dick_cavett) and [johnny unitas](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johnny_unitas) guest starred as themselves.

&gt;the episode was conceived and written by [john swartzwelder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_swartzwelder) and directed by [david silverman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_silverman). swartzwelder's script required very little rewriting and silverman considers this one of the best episodes he has directed. he later used it to help him when directing *[the simpsons movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_simpsons_movie)*. one dropped storyline for *the simpsons* saw krusty being revealed as homer's secret identity and this episode allowed writers to comment upon the similarity of the two characters' design. the episode features references to *[close encounters of the third kind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/close_encounters_of_the_third_kind)*, *[the godfather](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_godfather)* and *[the maltese falcon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_maltese_falcon_(1941_film\))*.


&gt;====

&gt;[**image**](https://i.imgur.com/ad8rlwe.jpg) [^(i)](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:john_swartzwelder_brighter_sharper.jpg)

---

^interesting: [^krusty ^the ^clown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krusty_the_clown) ^| [^david ^silverman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_silverman) ^| [^the ^simpsons ^\(season ^6)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_simpsons_\(season_6\)) ^| [^the ^simpsons ^movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_simpsons_movie) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+ci0r56e) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+ci0r56e)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
[stoppppppppp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jarbhqleu-o)
that's called a scottish handshake.
wawrinka is dearly missed.
i'm just generally disappointed at what happened today.
rafa has been on point all game!
i can't help but feel bad for murray. i think if he played in any other era he would have won 5 or 6 grand slams by now.
has to work on his first serve though.  this won't win on any surface.
not with this first serve
as long as you get something out of it, it sounds like a good deal to me. if you're not really getting anything out of it, then you're just paying them so they can practice.

initially i was thinking this was more along the lines of some college kids who offer to hit if you pay them as a way of making a little money on the side during the summer. but it doesn't seem to be that way.
while common, this isn't a rule. amateur tennis includes anybody who hasn't played tennis for money. that includes some serious talent. i think you're referring to players below a 4.0. and, at that level of play backhands are typically the weaker shot, but it's also extremely common to face opponents who are overconfident/ overdependent on their forehand side.

consider this scenario: you come up against a player with a great forehand and a shit backhand. s(he) crowds the backhand side, to protect their weak shot. 

trying to hit the backhand this players backhand can be difficult if you aren't very accurate, and unless you have a big angle, they'll likely just hit an inside-out forehand. 

so the best strategy here is to open the court by hitting either deep or wide to the forehand. if a penetrating shot has been played, they'll miss or toss up a weak return. 

assuming they made the shot, they'll need to recover to their backhand side. now you're in a sweet position. nail their backhand, or hit behind them to their forehand again. 

once the opponent starts losing points off their strength, their confidence will drain quickly. 

this situation is particular to beginner-intermediate tennis. the better you get, the more subtle the game play will be. but by and large: if you can break your opponents confidence in their strength, you've beaten them, regardless of their level.
seeing nadal clean up like this, though, makes me think sunday will make up for it. 
there we go! quite the dominant performance from rafa
these reddit comments were more engaging than this match.

cheers y'all.
jesus christ murray got taken to the cleaners. murray is so bad it looks like he got bribed its ridiculous, absolutely no emotion whatsoever. looked so promising after the rome game.

final is going to be spectacular if novak and ~~nole~~ rafa peak at the same time
6-3, 6-2, 6-1 in 100 minutes.

i thought this was going to be a straights sets win, but damn, i wasn't expecting this. 
really horrible semis tbh
dude spoilers
and not one set was given. not a single one.
good point, tho, he's dropped in my opinion of what he should be. 
absolutely brutal from nadal, just perfect tennis from him, congratulations to him


semi final is where it ends for andy then, he's played some brilliant tennis this week and a half, got through some tricky opponents, no shame in losing to the greatest clay court player ever, bring on the grass court season


before that though, the nadal machine just keeps going...nadal djokovic will be a tasty final, cant wait
you know, it's really thoughtful of rg to give djoker and nadal six practice matches before they decide which one takes the title.
nah, these are all uspta pros. actually, i think one of them plays for texas a&amp;m. 
it can't hurt to go out once and hit. 

it's much cheaper than the 60 bucks an hour i pay one of them for privates, so there's that. 
via ben rothenberg on twitter:

men's semis - 7 sets, 4h 14min. women's semis - 5 sets, 3h 57min.
but verdasco did it only once unlike ferrer. and he doesn't seem to have played at that level since ( maybe the wimbledon match against andy but andy is not nadal)
wasn't unexpected though. gulbis was never bound to challenge djokovic and when has nadal ever had difficulty against murray on clay? the most surprising fact, honestly, was that djokovic even dropped a set. although, dropping the third set after easily winning the first two does seem pretty typical for djokovic.
agreed, the first serve today just didn't fire. he really needs to be more consistent :(
this is the biggest factor in a new coach. andy has always said he has suffered from big match nerves, its in every interview, in every book. he didn't look himself at all today. i think his ideal coach would be magnus norman, someone who sorts his head out for big matches, but unfortunately he's already taken by stan.
&gt; final is going to be spectacular if novak and nole peak at the same time

well, if novak and nole peak at the same time, spain's king of clay may have to abdicate as well!
i think the main difference is that djokovic has already proven he can beat nadal on clay, and as a big nadal fan, it's more surprising to me that nadal pulled out the wins the last 2 years than it will be if djokovic wins on sunday.

in 2008, nadal didn't have that same history of beating federer on grass, and i think, for many, it just seemed so unlikely that roger would lose there.

i think we can only hope for a match as great as that 08 final on sunday, but if nadal doesn't get djokovic out of his head, i'm worried it could be less epic than it should. not to say it won't be historic regardless, but we need a 5-setter for it to be in the same conversation.
those damn biceps. 
the rafa comment at the end might be a bit unfair to the other guys but other than that i think you're spot on.
it's mostly because of his personality in my opinion. he's very dry and often comes across very unenthusiastic and disinterested.
anyone have a gif by chance?
that's what agassi's father actually intended him to do, by being such a strong returner that his opponent would be mentally destroyed in what was meant to be the weapon: the serve
yes (it's actually a well-known fact about him, that he still lives with them in mallorca). http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/moslive/article-2159189/wimbledon-2012s-rafael-nadal-why-i-win-wimbledon-andy-murray-end-grand-slam-jinx.html

&gt;‘i haven’t found a better place to live than with my parents,’ he says

read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/moslive/article-2159189/wimbledon-2012s-rafael-nadal-why-i-win-wimbledon-andy-murray-end-grand-slam-jinx.html#ixzz33srr7ctr 
follow us: @mailonline on twitter | dailymail on facebook

and he's apparently still afraid of the dark. in a 2010 interview with his mother,

&gt;ahora está en casa con lópez, trabajando la pretemporada como cada año, y los dos tienen miedo. allí les dejé. me dijo: "no te preocupes. esto será un desastre, pero no te preocupes". anteayer me llamó a medianoche: "mamá, tenemos un problema. se ha ido la luz y estoy muerto de miedo". tuve que decirle en qué cajón estaban las pilas para las linternas.

&gt;*[now he's at home with lopez, working the preseason like every year, and the two are afraid. i left them there. he said, "don't worry. it will be a disaster, but don't worry." the day before yesterday he called me at midnight: "mama, we have a problem. the light has gone and i am scared to death." i had to tell them in which drawer the flashlight batteries were.*
it's pretty amazing how close the numbers are before age 27, and a testament to how well roger has played after that. it will be interesting to see what the other 2 do over the next few years, but novak appears better positioned to add substantially to his numbers than rafa, simply because he's in rafa's head and seems to handle him easily ever since the us open.
sad that delpo seems destined to go down as one of the greater what-ifs in history. there's no doubt that he can hang with any of the big 4 when on top of his game, but he's just never had the health to do it consistently.
it's like they still think most of their viewers don't know about the internet.
any way to make this interesting without money? maybe you can tag me and tease me everytime i post. 
in the example you describe above, more than likely, djokovic was hitting to the gulbis bh to move gulbis around, and ultimately create a bigger opening on the weaker fh side. furthermore, if djoker hits to the bh side with pace, then he can expect more balls cross court to his own bh, which was certainly his stronger shot today. 

most upper echelon players know their weaker shots, and expect their competition to play to those weaknesses. sometimes, you (upper echelon player, duh) can really throw an opponent for a loop by switching things up and playing to their strength. this can create either bigger opportunities to attack the particular weakness later in the rally, break up shot their patterns, and in rare cases, rattle their confidence in their particular strength to begin with.

granted, isner makes a good counter example, because his strengths and weaknesses (serve, movement) are so glaring, that it makes little sense to not do everything in your power to make him run and hit extra shots. 
was this in the 3rd set? i wanna catch this on the replay
damn that time difference!
it was intended to be a comment to the fact that rafa seems to be obsessive in winning every point, even if he's already comfortably ahead. 

on the other hand, for example, fed seems to be more like "ok, i got a break—just focus on holding serve now." rafa's like "ok, i got a break but i could be broken back at any moment so i need to try to win every fucking point forever just in case oh my god come on rafa get your shit together." djokovic and murray seem to be somewhat in the middle of these two mentalities.

that's all it was. i didn't mean to suggest the other three are mentally checked out or not trustworthy. i just think rafa is *obsessive* in perfection at all times. the other three seem to be more ok with perfection "when it matters."

like first round of the fo, rafa looks like he wants to bagel the opponent in three. if he were playing me in an exhibition match, he'd probably still be trying to ace me every time even though i suck at tennis.
firstly, in full disclosure, i represent babolat (by choice). i left head 18mon ago; a decision not made lightly in my line of work. babolat made great strides in their quality control in the past two years. keep in mind this is new and groundbreaking technology to the general public-- its a very intricate system that (like anything) has kinks to be worked out in order to be user friendly. having used (and still using when coaching) the play pd both for myself and as a coaching tool, **it is worth every penny**. this will revolutionize how recreational players play; its an outstanding tool. 
how do you explain serena's success with hers?
it's also interesting because rogers first gs was when he was just about to turn 22 whereas rafa was shortly after he turned 19. just goes to show you the absolute dominance of federer during that period.
i have to completely disagree on this point; that's far too narrow a historical view of the nadal/djokovic matchup.

more so than the matchups between the others in the big 4, nadal/djokovic has been defined by runs of one player dominating the other. 

take a look at djokovic's 2011...unreal year. but how was it followed up? a much closer 2012 between the two and then a strong(ish) run by nadal in 2013 culminating in the us open final, where the swing back towards djokovic happens.

each player pushes the other to new heights, particularly because this isn't a bad style matchup for either (unlike nadal/federer or to a lesser extent federer/djokovic). i think the next three majors will really help define the nadal/djokovic matchup though... and i'm expecting some heavy blows between the two while that happens.

one thing is for sure; we as tennis viewers should be in for a treat.
professionals usually attack their opponents' strengths to create opportunities to attack their weaknesses. (i.e. djokovic hitting a bh angle to nadal's forehand to set up a crosscourt forehand to his backhand)
that goes without saying, tbf.
damn nbc tape delay
if she doesn't win now, this is going to feel like a jinx. 
and if she does, a conspiracy
tennis channel "mostly" everywhere?????
bet now!!!! ahhhhhh
i really like your perspective, and hope it comes true, but i've felt that since 2011, the matchup has been defined by djokovic's play. it just always seems that he can raise his game to a place where he completely controls rafa. sometimes it happens from the start (most of 2011, and since uso 2013), sometimes it only makes a brief appearance (pre-rain delay fo 12, pre-net violation fo 13, sets 2&amp;3 uso 13 before the collapse). 

maybe i just don't give rafa enough credit, but it always looks like novak could run away with it at any time if he gets it together. now i love rafa's compete level, and that when novak gives him an inch, he jumps all over it, but it doesn't change my sense that any match between them can be novak's if he's in the right place.
i'm a huge roger fan, but i agree that he probably would've lost to both novak and rafa in straights. he just makes too many errors now and is too wildly inconsistent. plus his serve isnt the weapon it used to be and can't get him out of jams like it did before. 
hi, nothing to do with your comment but i didnt want to make a full post for a silly question. i just started getting into tennis, and i couldnt find the answer on google....why dont they play at night? i was watching the ferrer raffa and murray matches the other day and it was an issue being spoke about... so, why not at night and is that only for the french open or all grand slam events? sorry to bother you with a noob question mate! 
pretty close
andy was practically leaning on the wall during part of it. rafa was in excellent form. hoping that the final will be a barn burner. 
just look at the final from 2012 to see what happens between them in the rain vs the sun on clay.
idk why he choked so badly. he was playing kinda decent but he got on the court with rafa and from the jump he looked off. 
straight sets against rafa no doubt, but i believe he would have a decent chance against novak.
i'll agree, to an extent, but the same can be said for rafa, which is why the matchup is so damned good. either of them, on the right day, can impose their will. sometimes even within the same set and match!

what's interesting about the dynamic is that djokovic has definitely tailored his game against rafa to put control on his racket (completely different service tactics, the complete overhaul of the dtl backhand, pinning nadal to the middle of the court off returns)but that's only one piece of the nadal puzzle (see: early fo nadal victories). this is also a bog reason lendl tried to tailor murray's game in the same way.

pay attention to their serves in the final. neither will go for broke (much, of it all); both will play a chess match with placement. djokovic has a slight edge in this regard because his up the t serve on both aides is better than anything nadal has got, but they are both such damn good returners it almost doesn't matter. speaking of which, one of nadal's keys to the match will be getting his return more towards the djokovic body our wide to the fh side.

if you can't tell, i'm super pumped about this final.
there are no lights at roland garros
i officially became a djokovic fan during the rg semis last year. that match was an epic brawl. if novak wins this, he fills in his slam dance card at last. regardless, what i am hoping for is a full on war. i want to see the very best they have and the hell with the rest. so good luck to you and your man dogtesticles, let the best player win this bitch :) 
it depends on the tournament. they play nights at the australian, and it's a fashionable selling point of the u.s. open. 
:(
it's a tradition thing at the french and wimbledon. no lights (although wimby has them on center court now since rainouts have been such a problem - they use them if desperate and have to close the roof). there are night matches at the us open and australian.
quick followup, do the players have feelings about the subject? i was thinking there might be a shadow problem or somwthing like that ...
interesting, thanks alot ! 
this is the burden we american tennis fans have to bear.  tennis unfortunately is the red headed stepchild of professional sports in the u.s. when it comes to television broadcasts.  pretty much anything and everything takes precedence over tennis broadcasts, it's an afterthought mostly.  it's been one indignity after another when it comes to watching anything that's not the final of a slam.  hell, tennis barely gets a mention on sportscenter before they go back to talking about basketball, football, baseball, car racing..

in the end i guess it's just a reflection of the lack of public interest or viewership, and the fact that we tennis fans in the u.s. are in the minority of the sports viewing public.  and so internet streaming sites it is for us, yo ho ho..
only when it's cloudy.
in my opinion, attacking your opponent's strength would be putting yourself under much more pressure. your opponent knows that it is his/her strength and therefore will be confident in hitting that shot. obviously if you can break it down, then your skill level is most likely higher than your opponent anyway.

the approach that i have always used and have been taught is to break down the weaknesses of your opponent. you will make the other person uncomfortable and that will force more errors from them. in addition, by attacking the weak parts of your opponent's game, it puts more pressure on his/her strong side to perform better.
since they switch sides after every other game, i imagine they just live with it as a situation that affects both players equally. 

edit: err... misread your question. i don't think i've heard any complaints. if anything in some tournaments night is preferred due to the heat.

there are night matches at the u.s. and aussie opens, but not at wimbledon or french.
i think lendl also had him seeing a sports psychologist - i have to think that could only help (if it's a good one, etc).
came here to say just this. its a dangerous game to play that way, and typically not one i'd recommend unless you are brimming with confidence that it can be done.
congrats to maria sharapova!!!
wow, nadal played amazing from the start and murray was emotionally out of it. didn't expect that but good prediction.
they have a hotline just for this product, and issued me a return authorization number, bought it from tennis warehouse, but now i'm on my third racquet and just want a refund
oh ok. mine used to work just fine.. then it stopped bt syncing. said i needed a "firmware update" all the time, no matter what i did. i'll call. 
i was watching nadal vs. murray today and tennis channel cut it off in the second set when nadal was leading 2-1. 
following that article made my head hurt but i agree that fo coverage is terrible in the us.  anyone in france care to comment on us open coverage overseas? 
lets look at the science behind this.
there will be a lot of water in the air. this means that the ball will be faster since there will be more hydrogen molecules in the air. hydrogen is less dence than other gasses in the air. this means the the ball will be able to travel faster since its able to cut through the wind with less resistance.
that's true, but it's really only the french open's (lack of) coverage that bothers me.

you can see practically every match of the other grand slams on espn's networks (and they'll soon even take the rest of the us open away from cbs next year) as well as the larger non-majors.

i understand why nbc does what they do with tennis, i just don't understand why they keep buying the tv rights (currently until 2024) if they don't seem to give a shit about it.
tennis is not exactly kind to the traditional channel paradigm. matches have no set end-time, for the early rounds there is merely an idea of when matches will start, and having overseas tournaments make for some non-viewer friendly hours.

nbc is trying to shoe-horn its 'traditional' coverage into an era where espn and tennis channel plus can show every match it has rights to on its' website or over apps.

people want to be able to watch any match they want whenever they want to. this does not benefit nbc's model of having programming that airs at certain times. the future model is clearly the ala carte, on demand 24/7 availability. that is the model that suits tennis best, and is hopefully the future of all television.
me before the wimbledon 2011 final: "oh yeah, maria's got this one, who's this kvitova chick anyway? maria all the way." 

winner: petra kvitova

me before the australiam open 2012 final: "azarenka doesn't have the consistency to beat a champ with the experience of maria sharapova, maria all the way."

winner: victoria azarenka.

so yeah, i'm less confident when maria comes up against a young gun in their first slam final now.

interestingly in 8 previous finals, win or lose, they've been done in straight sets, i wonder if that trend will continue.
halep all the way! she's playing great tennis and comes off as pretty likable. plus i want a new slam winner. does anyone know of aromanian slam winner by the way? or would she be the first? 
i will say sharapova in 3, but i will be rooting for halep
definitely rooting for halep, but this match will depend on sharapova and whether she shows up mentally. she's won three tough matches in a row, so i think she will continue to dominate.
 federer will be surpassed one day; may as well happen within our lifetime.  we live in a great age of tennis.
they are both a little preoccupied right now, give it a couple weeks lol
i think sharapova is too determined to win the french open this year. she has had a few tough matches but her ground strokes become better as the match progresses.
if sharapova starts well , the match will be over in the straight sets.  
video?
it would be great if sharapova could get another major. it will feel like such a fall if you isn't able to pull it out.
i don't think they will be as divisive as fed/rafa. personally i like both of them and i don't know many people who just don't like either one of these women. 
i agree, maybe not about the fed/nadal thing but certainly that they are going to be a fantastic duo to watch in the future. 

the bieber comment bouchard made pretty much causes me to root for anybody else. i do wish her all the best though and really just want to see great tennis no matter one's looks, opinions on bieber, etc...

i dig halep. she reminds me a bit of henin, just how she carries herself.

i'm rooting for maria tomorrow, as wimbledon 2004 was a great moment for me as a fan of tennis. i would love to see halep continue to be a force in the future.

the genie army thing kind of irks me, i don't know if it is because she is canadian or because she has above average looks. she hasn't quite earned the fanfare, but i hope people are reacting to her potential and hard work to get where she is.
rg 1974
i think it was 4th one, when gulbis evened the score 2-2
it all depends on which sharapova shows up tomorrow. she hasn't been in the best form so far this tournament, but she's managed to pull out the wins despite that, which says an awful lot about how much she wants this. halep has been playing great, but she'll need to keep her foot on the pedal and not become passive after the first set like she did in the madrid final (and yesterday vs. petkovic although she still won).

if maria comes out firing tomorrow instead of waking up in the second set like she has been doing recently, the title is hers. if she doesn't, i don't think halep is going to crumble in a deciding set like stosur, muguruza and bouchard all did.

personally i'd like to see maria win this, although i really like halep's game. this is the first of many slam finals for halep, she'll have more chances. who knows when sharapova will get another chance as good as this one though?
he's right about the top 100--there's a real quality dropoff.
predicting the outcome of a sharapova match is impossible unless she is playing serena. 
i have a feeling that andy's game plan was to wait for nadal to drop a level and then pounce, but he literally didn't drop a single gear, not like the other day when ferrer took the first set where rafa struggled early, and got better as the match went on. rafa was just far too good today, and andy whilst probably disappointed will have the chance now to relax a few days before queens and start mounting his defence of the queens/wimbledon titles.

wimbledon certainly will be incredibly interesting.
tennis warehouse sometimes has very cheap rackets, though $20 will be difficult to do.  $30 is possible, that's what my intermediate level babolat cost from them.  originally a $130 racket, was new even.  thrift stores, used sporting goods, stores, and craislist are other possibilities.
websites with auto-playing audio/video content and ads can fuck right the hell off.

but yes, french open coverage is the worst. all the more so when nbc has a shiny cable sports network (nbc sn) that could really use some additional sports content rather than simulcasts of talk radio shows. there's no reason nbc shouldn't use that network to show as much live french open coverage as they pay for.
no.....what is this, shitty ask science?

if anything, wetter conditions are slower than dry ones, on land and in air. 

also the hydrogen in water isn't floating alone in the air, its part of the damn water molecule, and there are more molecules in the air on a wet day, therefore more friction against particles, and slower balls. how could you have screwed this up so badly
hey guys, if you disagree with me, could you articulate why instead of voting down? i mean, i'm not being mean spirited at all and am just voicing an opinion that i don't think is too crazy to deserve automatic voting down. just voting me down doesn't make this sub any better, because i don't think my comment is hurting the sub, but your response has the opportunity to make the discourse even better. thanks.
still going apparently.
his best impression yet!
mona 60 60
năstase won in 73, not 74.
a saw a video about it last week. its unrelated to tennis 
a saw a video about it last week. its unrelated to tennis 
genie needs to shore up the technique
could you please summarize what happened? i am not familiar. 
good point, because to have a 100% winning record at a grand slam you would have to win a minimum 7 matches (unless they don't count withdrawals as losses but i believe they do).









that's probably because they showed the rest of the match on espn or nbc. tennis channel only has about 3 hours of coverage in the morning.
yep, i got that too, and then it did firmware upgrade. and then it sync'd like twice more, then died
yep. it was. it was a break back after nole broke
gulbis seems to be good at making his opponents angry.
yeah, as horrible as it is for east coasters, it's even worse for the time zones further behind. we at least did get to see the 2nd and 3rd set live, but nbc wasn't going to pre-empt the today show for the rest of you.

but would've you been able to see the rest of the match on the tennis channel? i think they cut it off as soon as it hit 11am et regardless of your location.
i agree with that to a degree. 
while i don't doubt there exists a dropoff, it's pretty insane how little separates these guys. i was explaining that to my friend (who didn't play tennis but followed it) that 10-150 all look pretty similar (in quality) to the untrained eye. he doubted me until we went to the practice courts and watched an absolute no-name warming up roger in cincinnati practice, and he saw and finally understood how good literally all the pros are.
go to a futures event and you see guys who can hang in a practice with ferrer, and actually do (as my friend has done) or who've taken sets off of guys like isner. 
perhaps i don't see it, cause i'm not a top 100 player, but man, there really are some very talented guys outside of the top 100. 
[both williams sisters played a guy ranked 203.] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_sexes_\(tennis\)) scroll down a bit to see how it went.
#####&amp;#009;

######&amp;#009;

####&amp;#009;
 [**battle of the sexes (tennis)**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle%20of%20the%20sexes%20(tennis\)): [](#sfw) 

---

&gt;the __battle of the sexes__ is a title given to three notable [tennis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tennis) matches between a male and a female player. the first match was between [bobby riggs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bobby_riggs) and [margaret court](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/margaret_court), over the best of three sets. the second was a nationally televised match between riggs and [billie jean king](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/billie_jean_king), over the best of five sets. the riggs v king match was officially dubbed __the battle of the sexes__. the final match was between [jimmy connors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jimmy_connors) and [martina navratilova](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martina_navratilova), over the best of three sets and hybrid rules favoring the female player, which was dubbed __the battle of champions__.

&gt;

---

^interesting: [^bobby ^riggs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bobby_riggs) ^| [^billie ^jean ^king](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/billie_jean_king) ^| [^jimmy ^connors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jimmy_connors) 

^parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^nsfw](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot nsfw toggle&amp;message=%2btoggle-nsfw+ci0zvou) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=autowikibot deletion&amp;message=%2bdelete+ci0zvou)^. ^will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(faqs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^magic ^words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
went there afterwards and saw noting :(
i've done this to a degree, but i wouldn't say i did it by just trying to completely beat their strength. it was more (and this sounds cocky) me realizing i was better than them and that their strength wasn't going to be enough to win them the match.

but when i play opponents who i know are better than me or comparable, i tend to play a style that relies on my strengths rather than try and break theirs. i find that to be a more high percentage play.
&gt; ferrer should be fined for lack of effort
is that a quote, or your opinion?
4 games into the 2nd set for nadal and murray playing on nbc in hawaii right now.
my opinion, if he made comments that he gave up on the match.
the early part of the match saw dry conditions under full sun, so rafa was able to fully generate his usual high bounce from the ball on his topspin-heavy groundstrokes. he took the first two sets 6-4, 6-3.

rain hit then, and the court became damp, the atmosphere much cooler. no more high-arcing bounce off rafa's groundstrokes, while djokovic instantly generated significant pace on his shots, eliminating rafa's defense as nole's strokes whizzed past him with very low bounce. nole dominated the third set to the tune of 6-2. novak also broke rafa in the 4th set, but the match was delayed, to be played the next day.

that next day brought the sun back in full, and the conditions favored rafa's game once more. he broke back and sealed the deal, 7-5, on the sun-baked clay he has grown accustomed and attached to.
i'll be rooting for halep. it's nice to have diversity in slam winners, and i don't think maria winning this changes much in the grand scheme of things. winning will mean a lot more to halep than it will to sharapova, in my opinion. 

speaking of diversity of slam winners, some complain about how top heavy men's tennis has been recently. (only 7 different slam winners in 10 years 2004-2013). but women's tennis has been really top heavy historically. heck, from 1981-1996 (16 years), women's tennis only had 10 winners. it must be kinda refreshing to have the unpredictability in women's tennis now. 
rafa was as good as i have seen him in awhile today, should be insane to see him and novak go at it. 
yeppp :/
perfect recap, and just to add, nole won 8 straight games during the rain between sets 3&amp;4. there's no doubt that rain on sunday would be bad news for rafa.
interesting observation! thanks. now i recall someone saying novak complained that they didn't water the courts or something. 

with that being said, i wonder if novak is more comfortable with dry conditions this year. he fared well in rome..
it's not easy doing poorly when you're playing a dude with a continental forehand
&gt;he fared well in rome..

he did but it is worth noting that rome is largely considered to be the fastest clay court on the circuit. my father and i sat down to watch that final and i said before it started that this court will play to novak's strengths even if rafa gets a jump on him. it played out exactly that way; i wasn't convinced rafa had it in the bag after he won the first set.
i would also assume that the bbc are being disingenuous when they say that, they frequently have quite sarcastic text updates across all the sports they cover.
thank you, good sir.

i've been thinking of doing some commentary but i'm balancing studying for boards right now, as well. perhaps wimbledon?
i think it's good for the serious fan, but not as good for the casual fan.  the casual fan prefers to see 2-3 players near the top for a decade.  they get to see this in the men's game.  even if fed isn't the player he used to be, he is still top ten, and really, top five.  and they've been near the top for a decade.  add maybe djokovic and murray, and that's all most casual fans can keep track of.

with the women's game, they can barely track anyone besides serena and maria, and mostly because of their longevity.  there are so many russian and east european players with names that are, to say the least, challenging.  i remember pat o'brien, who used to broadcast tennis back in the early 1990s, coming as a guest analyst for tennis channel, and he stumbled over the various russian names.  in the 1980s, there were so many americans, that the only hard name he had to master was navratilova.

having said all that, would like to see halep win :).
interesting take; i could see it. i personally don't think it's very likely but if it did happen, it would make for a fun rivalry for the fans to revel in.

the reason i don't think it is particularly likely yet is because, despite bouchard's impressive results so far in grand slams (sf here and at the ao), her game is not nearly as varied as halep's is. bouchard's standout quality to me is her patience; she doesn't throw in the towel at any point, and that bodes well for her future.

one thing i want to point out is that nadal is not "unpolished." i think that has been more of a fictional trait attributed to him to better fit the storybook narrative of federer the surgeon vs nadal of pure will. if you go on to win 13 slams, your game has rarely lacked polish throughout your tenure. the only time that could have been feasible was very early on rafa's career, but he turned on the jets fairly early, anyway.
"yeah, well nobody beats me 6 times in a row at roland garros!" - novak djokovic
the traditional models do not work today and i don't get why the network does not understand that. nbc really does need some shaking up. their coverage of the olympics is also an embarrassment. 
nbc covered tennis the old-fashioned way before channels like espn became the norm for a sports cable channel.  they used to tape delay matches and pretend they were live matches (or at least, they would be called live).  they felt they would loser viewers if they didn't show the matches in the afternoons.  their focus was primarily on american players.

thus, if there was a good, say, wilander vs. edberg match, and mcenroe vs. a scrub, they would pick the mcenroe match to televise.

and, heaven help you if there's a natural disaster like a snow storm, because the channel would stop covering any sports, and go to local news for hours on end.  thank goodness for channels like espn that have no local affiliation, and can keep on broadcasting.

it's too bad the major networks continue to have an influence, and use such old-fashioned ideas to televise tennis.  they must look aghast at tennis channel that shows live tennis from three small european tournaments starting at 5 am in the morning wondering how anyone could build a business behind that.

but tennis lags in popularity to the big 3 of american sports (football, basketball, baseball), and even sports radio commentary (which is now huge) rarely mentions tennis, even during big events like wimbledon, the us open, etc.  so i'm sure that partly informs nbc's thinking behind their tennis coverage.
5, that's numberwang!!
i am on the halep train as well. would be nice to see more players getting some success on the women's side. 
what about super native americans?
an era is not defined by a single day. if you think this era isn't amazing, you haven't been paying attention.
virginia ruzici was a romanian tennis player who won the french open in 1978 and made another final in 1980. 

now she's simona halep manager.
so many grand slam champions! so much competition!
haha, made a tweet almost exactly like this earlier today--also not available in germany. thanks for being everywhere, tennis channel.
if you withdraw without playing any point it doesn't count as loss for you or win for your opponent. if you play and then withdraw it counts. 
when i knew 6-3, 6-2, i had a premonition that the trend would be followed to 6-1.

i wasn't expecting it either; was ready for a **much** more interesting match.

oh well!
it certainly was muuuuch less interesting than yesterday ! ! ! !
wouldn't he be 80-4?
yes, may be. i hope to witness that. i just hope it doesn't happen by nadal. i never liked him. it may not be rational, but i have just always liked federer a lot, and i have no feeling with nadal. so i hope that if it happens, it will be some new talent in a few years that i like, and not nadal.
actually kinda humorous in that cheesy way. i expected them to be a lot more tacky.
which prostaff do you recommend?
why do you not suggest the prostaff?
for some reason a large section of this sub dislikes you. its kind of weird.
this is the chart from the wikipedia page, a site that allows anyone to post an edit.  the chart wasn't even done properly... if you're going to put a w, you have to at least change it to 2/12..
like others have said, it depends on how sharapova starts the match. halep has played better than sharapova has in this tournament, but maria's fighting spirit is really something else.

i wouldn't mind either player winning. i like sharapova, but it'd also be nice to see someone new win a major.


i like the pro staff 95.  any smaller and the sweet spot just gets too small in my opinion.  it's got the best feel of any racket i've ever used.  the 95s is suitable if you want some crazy spin capabilities too.  
not that it should matter, but pro staffs also have the best paintjobs.
interesting, i didn't find it to be cheesy.
no it isn't. madrid is. 
me and my 2 friends are thinking of demoing 4 racquets from tw. i will choose the prostaff 95, do you think i could still compare and demo successfully using the strings it comes with?
win percentages are different with same wins and losses at aussie and french. 
first to 60. they decided 6 was too quick 
i've never played around with the strings on it, but it should come with a good bed of wilson poly.  i don't see why they wouldn't be good for your purposes
oh cool, it comes with poly? 
lol i didn't do this. i just happened to google her right as someone had done this.
i would assume so, the (notably few because i don't see the point) rackets that i've bought brand new have come with it in the past.
dude, put spoiler in the title!! haha
lebron got a cramp and tapped out.  
[nadal cramping in a press conference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aby0br8d_z0)

wozniacki made fun of that [but she had cramped in a match too](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alhobkstat0#t=50s)

[stan also cramped during the press conference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_9zp6yacce)

there's the famous matsuoka match (1995 us open) which lead to a rule change.  back then, cramping was a loss of conditioning where you could not receive medical aid.  matsuoka was writhing on the court, and no one did anything.  people perceived that as cruel, so the rules were changed to allow for medical help.  the videos seemed to have been removed.
thats his mum
what was it, 12 slams in 4 years or something? ridiculous.
i don't care all that much about who wins - i'd be happy with either halep or sharapova winning, so i'll be rooting for a good, tight 3 set match. i think halep will win, though.
i am always under the impression that andy murray is great at being deadpan. i love him for it for some reason.
love how andre tells the story in his book. just awesome.  
'04 (3), '05 (2), '06 (3), '07 (3). so 11, not bad at all.
what's all the talk about lebron cramping? sorry, i don't follow basketball all that much.
fat dave was something else. so damn talented but just couldn't get it together at the slams to win them.
if i'm not mistaken, maria was last world #1 in 2005.  for the rest of this year, she has almost nothing to defend.  a lot is at stake and a lot is up for grabs considering serena (and vika) this year.  i really want simona to win but maria's motivation is going to be huge.  when she played genie, if she lost she would have been out of the top ten.  being the "underdog" seems to be firing her up.
huzzah!!!
http://www.tennis.com/pro-game/2014/01/del-potro-down-two-racquets/50175/
[this]( http://www.tennis-warehouse.com/wilson_pro_staff_95_blx_/descpagercwilson-wps95.html) one?
&gt; i'll be rooting for a good, tight 3 set match. i think halep will win, though.

[sharapova has won her last 19 matches on clay that have gone to 3 sets](http://www.tennisabstract.com/cgi-bin/wplayer.cgi?p=mariasharapova&amp;f=acareerqqb1p1
) (the link hasn't been updated to include her 3 3 sets wins in the ongoing french open). this includes a 3 sets win over halep in madrid a month ago.



sharapova is known for her mental strength. so because of that and halep's lack of experience in the advanced stages of slams, my figurative money (as i don't have much real money right now) is on maria. 

that's the one i've had experience with.  there's also the non blx version, but i believe that ones a but trickier
i have no real comment except to say that i really like this post.  tennis is its own reality show.
http://www.gfycat.com/insignificantcontentharborseal

gif of the video
kinda despicable, really. you're in absolute agony and you're probably ready to give up the match, and then the chair umpire slaps you with a fucking code violation. glad they changed it.
also from adelaide. i'd love to know if you end up finding a good place to stream from. really want to watch the men's final.
the last time they played at rg, djokovic beat him in straights.
google a stream?
$30 million is a drop in the bucket of a $10b fine and $8b annual **profit.** i'm not worried. some other bank/financial institution would fill the void anyway. 
try firstrowsports
surprise surprise, something we have to watch illigally. seriously though if someone has a hd stream available, hook me up
during the spurs vs. heat game yesterday, the ac went out and lebron started cramping because of overheating or something and it was actually a big part of why the spurs won last night.
i've seen something similar in an anime called no game no life but i think its just a coincidence.
30 minutes into the set
this happened with murray when he won the us open in 2012. i managed to get a screen shot before it got deleted. but i was like wtf. and then it came true...fuck i wanted halep :(
does that mean we'll see a murray-djokovic and federer-nadal semi (assuming they all make it that far)? 
i think you're more likely to see stanislas in the semi's if he gets matched up against murray or federer in the qf.
for the purposes of the draw, 1st seed is the same as the 2nd seed, and the 3rd is the same as the 4th. so you could get djokovic-murray and nadal-federer, or djokovic-federer and nadal-murray.
eh, they were down by like 5 when he started cramping, there was a good chance the spurs would've won even if he didn't cramp up.
*down by 2*
wawrinka is not a great grass player. in his last 4 wimbledon he was eliminated in the :- 1r, 2r, 1r, 1r.

in 2009, he had a good run, reached 4r, and took murray to 5 sets (murray has a tendency to prolong matches he should win more easily), but he hasn't done much since. 
okay but still, the spurs had a pretty good chance at winning, and sunk almost every shot for the remainder of the game.
it blows my mind that nadal's rg stats mean that he won the first rg he ever played in. i mean, how is that even possible?
he was already an established good clay court player when he entered.  he was on the radar.  had he played the previous year's clay season (missed due to a foot injury i think), he likely would not have won that rg.  but because he had almost another full year to develop as a player and establish himself on tour, as well as clay being his life blood, it's reasonable to see why he won the french the first year he played it.
maria was briefly number one in 2012 after winning the french, then vika got it back after wimbledon.
illuminati
looking at halep's past gs stats, it's kinda incredible how big a leap she's already made this year. furthest she's gone in the french open was 2r back in 2011, and only last year didn't even make it past the first.
looks that way!
i doubt its that. i play in extremely hot conditions (its 100° at 8pm -_-)  and never cramped. maybe it was was the sudden temperature chance.
how do those matches go again? 
can you vpn around this? 
weird seeing him using a one handed backhand.
this made about as much sense as the movie
so sorry
haha. best part is the racket doesn't even look like it remotely came to close to touching the guys he's hitting.
wut.... just finding out about this. 
when you see something wrong (or just vandalism) on wikipedia, just take 2 seconds and revert to the previous version. if everyone did that shit like this would last about 2 minutes.
do diehard federer fans consider djokovic as the next best alternative to nadal and disregard his own rivalry with federer?
the part about them lying on the trainer's room floor, holding hands and watching the replay of the game over, is particularly moving.
i think he's talking about this video:

http://youtu.be/_oc9tkkh7we?t=5m13s

he didn't explain the science correctly but yes humid air is less dense than dry air.
thanks!  i was just going by what her wiki said.
it's impressive to say at least, like come on, do not take away its value.
[here](http://i.minus.com/iiu3otb39wv6l.png) are the top 32 seeds as they stand at the moment, and the way they're calculated. karlovic makes it in as a seed due to del potro's absence. janowicz gets a top 16 seeding thanks to his semi-final result last year, despite his #24 ranking.  
lebron seems to be more susceptible to cramping than others.  consider he was the only one that cramped, and there were players near 40 years of age (duncan).  also, basketball players play in air-conditioned arenas, so they aren't, by and large, used to playing in hot conditions compared to tennis players.
pretty much.  nadal is much closer to reaching fed's slam record than djokovic, and djokovic is the really the best option to beating nadal on clay.  i think fed fans are in the "abn" mood (anyone but nadal).  indeed, if djokovic hadn't had such a great 2011 and early 2012, nadal could have picked up 3 slams, and be on the verge of tying fed's record with this french.
don't be.
i think sharapova will take full advantage of a serena-less final. she's been left frustrated with all her final defeats which is probably why she's beyond ecstatic progressing in fo. 

that said, i'd love to see halep come out a victor in this. i love her agility. no offense to anyone but i think her speed was also in part thanks to her massive breasts before she had her reduction surgery. 
this match was an epic. 

anyway im glad the nba doesn't play outdoors in australia in january otherwise those dudes would be dead apparently. 
why the hell would they cut that?
i think halep will take first set and is everything possible..streams here

http://streams.tv/channel/2771-eurosport-deutschland/tennis

http://streams.tv/channel/1717-france-2/tennis
ah yes the start of vika's brief dominance in tennis highlighted by the fact that she started dating a red broom like creature around the same time. 
so pissed they cut it
the wozniacki cramp video is hard to watch (seen it before, ain't gonna watch it now).

i've had some nasty cramp in the past, but that is on another level with all the twisting.
come on halep! 

edit: congrats to maria! 
this should be a ripping match.
are there any official, hd streams? espn doesn't have one that i can see.
i've been looking forward to this match all day, literally cannot wait
http://stream.nbcsports.com/liveextra/
thank you!
pretty good acting. but it was kinda random seeing him just beating up people without some kinda build up. or rather just some guy beating up people with a tennis racket. i guess if they were serious about the role they could have used a cg racket to make it more realistic.
cone on simona!
sugar in 2 easy sets
sharapova doesn't sound like a hawk cawing as it dive-bombs a rat just yet.  it's more like the whining complaint of a spoiled puppy.
halep please win to bring new life to this tour! 
i'd be happy with most outcomes. the only bad one would be a sharapova blowout. if she wins a tight match that's cool though.
rooting for halep. so far so good. sharapova's getting her aim better though
just wait... if she falls behind the screeching will get worse and the c'mons will begin after every point won. 
its a controlled climate, you can't blame labron at all -- if he played in australia he'd still be the labron of australia, he's that good.

even federer talks about a building being to cold or to hot when he plays indoors. it does matter but playing best of 3 sets - is more manageable than playing 5.
dont worry, murray didn't file a complaint.
lithium sodium joke was funny the first time i heard it. all those years ago...
very high quality tennis so far. sharapova is playing amazingly well.
i feel like the only person who isn't bothered by maria's shouting.

edit: wooo! sharapova wins!
i just clicked the "women's final" link and it worked.
i've gotten used to it over the years.
so far a great match, they started off pretty hot and there are some incredible winners already. let's hope they can keep the level for 2+ hours. and sharapova now managed a rebreak to 2-2 o:
sugar never wins easily. 
the hell just happened to sharapova screams?
other than maria sounding like a cat, i love everything about this match so far. great start. 2+ more hours of this please! 
positive from halep early is she's making maria move. a lot of miles on those bird legs of sharapova. 
sharapova's screams sound like a sonar, the echo is amazing
when did she start squealing all of a sudden?
ive been watching sharapova since the beginning of this tournament, and she did not sound like that.

now, she suddenly broke the sound barrier! is she trying to distract halep?
ten years from now, every player will use echolocation to see the court.
i just realized it isn't bothering me much either, i actually felt a little worried she wasn't sounding loud enough during that 0-2
never really bothered me. if repetitive noises are annoying, the racket sound ought to be too... but i guess it's a more ugly sound to most people? ladies screaming, i'm more annoyed by a high pitched justin bieber type scream.
halep keeps giving the ball right back to maria. she needs to keep her moving
people still complain about maria's screaming? it's been going soo long i don't even notice it anymore. it's water under the bridge.
maria's crosscourts are way more acute (read: effective) than they were with genie, and she's producing many "hey i can hit down the lines too" moments. should be a close one ~~for halep.~~
anyone hear what maria was on about with the umpire during that break (after the 5th game)?
i didn't notice it throughout the tournament, because im used to it. im noticing it now, because this is quite louder than her usual grunts. 
whenever sharapova screams while hitting the ball, it's really a scream for help. and when she cums, that's a cum for help. 
maria is hitting some great shots early!
halep really needs to put some pressure on sharapova. her plays are really not working today :-(
great play from both so far, but sharapova is the one controlling the match and each point currently. halep is reacting rather than directing.
i think that the umpire warned her not to take too long to serve.
ah makes sense. she does take her time
well i think sharapova was about to get a time violation, she's taking a lot of time when serving... so maybe something about that

edit: woops, someone beat me to the answer, so i'll modify mine: i think he was asking her if she had any sugarpova flirty sour to spare in her bag
you are (lol). i have to keep the actual play muted so i can watch it. i unmute when the play is done and then remute when the next serve takes place. it's asinine to have to do that, but her screeching annoys the eff out of me. god help me when sharapova and azarenka play each other. &gt;.&lt;
excellent match so far, great tennis. 
you in america? might be us-only.
of course. you can't exactly justify screaming in the first game, for christ's sake, you're not that tired yet. and it just keeps getting louder. you can only imagine how it disrupts her opponents' focus, when it disturbs us so much. 
til.
ooh, serving for the set and bottles it, lots of twists and turns in this set, gripping
her serve is all over the place though
first set for maria!!!

edit 1: shut up.

edit 2: yes
she won the first set?! she feeling okay?
as a halep fan, i really admire the fight maria has put into this first set. also, is it my imagination or did a baby start crying loudly, non-stop before the set point?
it just gives certain people something to complain about when they can't find anything else... i love it. it's actually my text tone. 
halep is simply getting out-powered today. she's a great player but cannot match maria's raw power when it comes to hitting winners and finishing points.

maria is also able to cover a much greater court distance due to her height/long legs while halep is struggling on that end.

she's put on a great effort so far to stay in the match but these players are on opposite ends of the spectrum in these 2 key factors.
true, but halep almost doesn't have a second serve. immediately gives maria control of the point. at least genie kicked it far out in the corner.
every sharapova grand slam final has been in two sets, the one she's won and the ones she's lost. i wonder if the pattern will be broken here or not.
did sharapova just win the first set? someone doesn't want to come from behind today.

gosh how lazy.
the more water vapor in the air, the less dense it becomes. it's sort of counterintuitive because the air feels heavier and harder to breathe. all you have to do to prove it to yourself is look at the saturated air coming from a humidifier or teapot. it rises in relation to the dryer air because it's less dense and therefore bouyant.
didn't expect halep's game against maria to be so... risk-free. not going anywhere as close to the lines as she should on most points. hitting many returns down the middle at maria's forehand.
sharapova is destroying her. every rally feels like halep has committed a sin and sharapova has been tasked with punishing her.
halep is using sharapova's own strategy against her!
will novak be world number one if he beats rafa?
so many breaks, i like.
[yes](http://live-tennis.eu/).
so wait, sharapova is complaining about the noise? that's rich.

about time to use hawkeye at this tournament. umpire has twice called close calls in halep's favour and hawkeye has shown him to be wrong.
but rafa will stay number one if he wins right? why does that site already have novak number 1?
three double faults, still won it. halep must be kicking herself in the neck.
which was inevitable really, assuming you trust hawkeye. someone's going to get a bad call.
it's a computer program; do you trust your iphone or would you rather have messages delivered by a carrier pigeon?
at least she's taking risks. she has a higher df and ue than halep, but look at those winners. halep on the other hand seems to think she can get by with safe hitting and chasing down maria's shots.
its accuracy depends on equipment and programming and all sorts of stuff. it's way better than a carrier pigeon, but it can still make errors.
agreed, sharapova has been amazing on the baseline so far. halep - pretty uninspiring.
djokovic didn't make the final last year, so he has more points to gain than nadal. he was already close to #1 when the event started, and reaching the final has given him the little boost he needed to overtake his rival(for now). 

the spaniard can't accrue any more points because he won rg last year -he can only lose ground in the rankings if he does anything but win. 
carrillo shut your mouth please
so rafa won't be number one either way?
okay, i am not the best commentator of tennis. i don't follow the players as rigorously as you do. i am only major slams audience. 

but tell me one thing, does halep has this tendency to vanish from the match at time to time? when she was down 2-1 in the first set she was trying. then she just, just went away to give it to sharapova 5-2. then came back again. on her part, sharapova is doing fine except those ue. but gotta say, halep has a good thing to move opponents across the court. 
the match is a shootout for #1. whoever wins will be the top-ranked player come monday.
also, it helps when it's coupled with a real fight for every point, and some inspired hitting.
hoooo

&gt;oooooh

hooooo

&gt;ooooh
that's what i thought. i don't understand why that website you posted has assumed novak to already have won
these rallies are outrageous!!!
sharapova is going for broke and hitting the high risk dtl and corner shots. this is what halep has been doing all tournament and not so much here. she needs to start soon or this is gonna be over quickly. 
it hasn't. look at the max points column: nadal will be on 12500pts if he wins tomorrow, which will elevate him above djokovic. 

like i said, djokovic is only ahead of nadal for now i.e. as of friday's results. this is due to his inferior rg result last season, when he only got 720pts for losing in the sfs. 
it's working
seems mcenroe has already decided nadal will win tomorrow
thats a strong lineup for a small tournament, 3 top ten players and another 4 top 20 however nadal will probably withdraw due to reaching the french open final
exactly. i suspect halep's not confident enough to pull off shots close to the line in the final the way she did throughout the whole thing. you simply can't get by with safe hitting in a slam final.
dammit halep. you won the point by some bad maria decisions, not by finishing the point they way you could/should have.
that last rally was ridiculously entertaining
still have to credit her d to put her in this position. great match so far.
i'm hoping for a 3rd set; things are starting to look interesting..
that rally was incredible! 
considering it is used at the other grand slams and is widely trusted, i don't see why it can't be used here. if it can ensure higher accuracy in a grand slam final, then i think that's desirable.
she's absolutely terrible. how does she even have a job never mind two (tennis channel - nbc)? i watch many sports and to this day the worst example of broadcasting i have ever heard was mary carillo's lead broadcasting for the tennis channel at indian wells this year. she's a complete and utter train wreck. she did nothing in her professional tennis career to warrant this job and she certainly doesn't bring the expertise needed to the table to hold her position. 
fuck sake
yeah totally agree. i was just allowing for the possibility that some people would say we don't know for sure that errors were made on those calls you mentioned because hawkeye isn't perfect, and so those weren't necessarily shown to be wrong like you said. i don't know why else they wouldn't already be using it. tradition?
a break-dancing delight.  they gotta give us a third set of this.
totally agree.  i started my comment above as a reply to you.  and now we did get that re-re-rebreak, and i do sense a third....
now for heaven's sake simona take some risks this *one* game the way you did all week long and stop acting like a hitting partner.
red hot chili peppers - give it away, give it away, give it away now
well if either of you two ladies could hold serve that'd be great
and simona is giving it back
ohh right at her.  tiebreak!
i have a semi just thinking abouit it
dang.  broken string.

c'mon simona take this tb.  (ok good start)
haha, heard that too
is simona's second serve point percentage 0%? it's really that bad.
he beat nadal on the blue clay in madrid recently
we got some mind games goin' on.
oh shit.  this is getting crazy
this match is crazy.
third set it is!
well, one of them *had* to win the set
wow halep.. wow.. that was some clutch performance. 
third set it is....
finally :x go simona !
fuck yes, 3rd set!
maria just gave it away at the end of that second set.
damn, halep's back acne is intense.
is *anybody* pulling for maria?
now that the pressure is a bit relieved, maybe halep can get back to aiming for the lines.... should be a tense final set.

edit: nope. maria's the only one going for her shots here too.
this match is fantastic !

go simona !
those are moles
how exactly did i take away it's value?  explaining the sequence of events behind it gives a better idea of how it happened and doesn't diminish it at all.  it's not like he was a nobody and then went on a magical run to the title, that would be a completely different story.  

all i'm saying is when you understand the backstory, it makes more sense how it happened, but it doesn't detract from the value.
this calls for a beer. 
maria up 4-3 with break points. loses. 4-4 had game points. loses. 5-3 in tiebreak. loses 7-5. wow.
it's the fact that she obviously does it deliberately.
yes 3 sets 


that set point got my heart going 
hm. i figured this was just the red clay on her back.
i thought i was waking up to watch sharapova clinch it. now am i waking up to watch her blow it?
i am
my internet feed might isn't hd but in the semis it looks like clay was kicked up on her back too maybe?
haha, nobody seems to know.
stay tuned for this morning's exciting conclusion.
i don't appreciate this gamesmanship from sharapova during this changeover.
what happened?
might be worht looking for the exact quote then.
i think everyone who played tennis in steep competition knows that there's a long scale of tanking out there, so it may have been like "i konw i can't win but ill go through the motions" or like "i cant win, fuck it"
they need to develop software to take out the screams. 
i think she should continue stretching out and pushing maria. halep has the younger and fresher legs. maria got caught flat footed many times in the second pointing to potential conditioning problems. make it a boxing match, continue to empty her tank and counter punch a winner.
i swear to god sharapova's pre serve stare-thingy is so annoying. just freaking serve already.
how you doing, /u/bewrn? all good? :-p
or a joint
she took an incredibly long bathroom break.. to the point i'm shocked they let her take that long. 
spectacular performance from simona, no matter what the outcome is. romanian athlete of the year no doubt.
and didn't even feign any urgency on getting back up the stairs from the locker room and back on court.
.....and she's broken. that's what happens when you become a hitting partner in a slam final.
 sharapova might be going nuts 
when the president suspends parliament for a semifinal, yeah, i'd say that's a safe bet. 
i dont get how hasn't been warned yet. the stare and the fucking failed ball tosses (which seem to happen every time she is in a tough spot) are getting on my nerves
i'm not sure. there are some interesting points being made in [this thread](http://sports.stackexchange.com/questions/2727/why-is-hawk-eye-not-used-on-clay-courts). hawkeye apparently has an accuracy of mean 3.6mm but up to maybe 10mm sometimes, and because there are marks on the court, they may not want a situation where the player sees the mark and thinks it is different to what hawkeye says because of controversy. plenty of times i've seen hawkeye decisions of under 10mm. there's also a bit about how the ball shifts a layer of dirt on clay and skids more, which makes the accuracy poorer (not sure how much to those numbers i mentioned), and supports what you thought.
because she doesn't think the rules apply to her. the chair has yet to give her a warning for time violation, she refuses to go at the speed of halep during halep's service games and she will take as much time as she needs in the bathroom. 
   
edit: finally a time violation while i'm writing this. 
can one of you please hold your goddamn serves?
yup
watch the french open womens final live and free now @

 http://www.streamcentral.info/cmps_index.php?pageid=tennis
it seems like holding serve is much more important and rare than breaking serve in this match. 

edit: "5.43pm: hold!" haha, looks like snakes has realized it too. 
the sharopava-halep match where having serve means nothing. 
this match has been extremely serve dominant so far. neither sharapova nor halep can afford to be broken in the deciding set or it's game over. 
no, but i've been keeping track of "sportsmanship": so far, zero.
so funny
omfg call the press, someone finally held serve!
hmm hope so!
it's never bothered me until recently, even more in this game, i feel that it's upped in db in this third set.  do whatever you need to do to play at your best i guess
the romanian commentator for eurosport said she went to change her outfit because it was soaking wet. i don't know if there is an official source for that though.
lol it's women's tennis.. going to happen. 
halep's un-luck. :(
forget monfils... i'm taking sharapova as the most self-destructive player.

only difference is she actually wants to fight through it. 
thanks! people hate on my comments all the time, but then replies like yours really put a smile on my face :) 
/u/snakes_on_a_planet i see what you did there at 5:43pm
i'm a monfils follower. *nobody* is more self-destructive. come back from 0-2 down, then get bageled in the fifth set... who does that?
haha monfils is my favorite player so i was mostly kidding but damn sharapova could have had this match in the bag forever ago 

haleps playing amazing but sharapova is killing herself
he'll be number one if he wins at roland garros, but seeded second at wimbledon because of his lack of grass experience last year
two service holds in a row?? we have a match now.
christ halep can run 
service means nothing
wawrinka and dmititrov in the same half as are murray and berdych. 

projected qfs: stan-tsonga; dimitrov-dolgopolov;anderson-murray; berdych-gulbis. 

murray's quarter looks favourable to him having avoided most of the dangerous floaters.
despite his lack of time warnings, the real winner of this match is the chair judge's beard.
ah the breaks are back 
the judge isn't doing good with the time warnings.  his beard has nothing to do with it
bloody m. night shyamalan is directing this
'tis an epic mane
really? link pls, i want to read about it
not enough. i wonder if she even remembers how to go for her shots after two sets of being a hitting partner.
welcome to women's tennis.
well tt's definitely not last airbender shyamalan directing it. 
maybe she just took a massive shit.
this final is good.
yeah, i like to watch tennis with loud volumes so maria's matches are a dilemma.
that bathroom break helped sharapova alot .
lol, amazing :) louis ck... is that you?
she really needed to go
christ that is stacked. like a round of 16 to a major.
the thing i hate most about tennis commentating is the analogies used when comparing them to other sports.
sharapova is really annoying to watch. i mean i get pumping yourself up, especially after winning a set or a really big point, but seriously after every game do you have to scream and have a mini seizure?
this match is keeping me from doing anything productive
this match is keeping me from getting to the beer distributor. i should have planned ahead. 
should be a full on.
like every second week of a gs.
all i know is that the prime-minister told the ministers to hurry up so they can finish the government meeting before the game starts. 

http://www.sursazilei.ro/ponta-grabit-sedinta-de-guvern-ca-sa-vada-meciul-simonei-halep/
nice rally
dae saw a maria's sad puppy face?
if sharapova and nadal played it would be a 6-0, 6-0 that would last 5 hours.
skip stretching/warm-ups/cool-down, don't take your vitamins and minerals, and most importantly, avoid hydrating. sooner or later you'll experience the joys of cramping. 
wtf was that shavapova 
good call but a tough one for the ump
good shot maria!
didn't agree with nouni there
everybody buckle up for the sharapova servacoaster 
scintillating game from sharapova on halep's serve there.
that was an extremely unfortunate call for halep.
here we go
about time sharapova!! great game of tennis!
sharapova wins!
i was rooting for halep but i'm glad risk-free tennis lost today. gotta hand it to maria for going for her shots throughout the whole match. by the time halep realized she can't get by playing it safe, she had already forgotten how to aim for the lines. simona needs to work on that atrocious second serve, and then a bit more on confidently playing her game (i.e. going for her shots) in a high stakes match. it's quite sad because her game is almost always predominantly offensive. 
sharapova ~~proves~~ believes that winning is more important than respecting your opponent.

edit: for those who might not have watched, sharapova refused to play at halep's pace during halep's service games (not being ready to receive when halep was ready to serve), frequently took upward of thirty seconds between points in her own service games, screamed on every stroke, and took an extended, unexplained leave from the court after the second set, throwing off halep's momentum and leading lots of fans to leave the stadium. all of these actions strike me as disrespectful.
fucking hate the drop-to-your-knees or fall-on-your-back championship reactions.
congratulations to both players! what a match that was 
ave maria!! this is probably her most remarkable effort ever in a tournament. having to play four consecutive three set matches during the second week? unbelievable.

a lot of applause for halep today, as she proves that she is the real deal. an amazing tournament for her and no doubt her first grand slam will be coming sooner than later.

what a treat these ladies provided for us today. three hours of nerve-wracking tennis.
i expected sharapova to win, but halep put up one hell of a fight. 
congratulations sharapova...what a final, twists and turns, breaks everywhere!
epic match from women's tennis standards, but i feel like there were more break of serves than holds. halep gave an awesome fight though.
can't find anything in english and all the romanian articles i found so far only mentioned parliament officially encouraging her, so maybe the eurosport commentators who mentioned it three times, were wrong. regardless i can't name another romanian athlete at the moment so halep still earns the title in my book!
congratulations to simona nevertheless. we're proud of you!
haters to the left. 5 grand slams. never write maria off. 
what the fuck.
winning a slam final whilst serving 12 double faults - when will your faves?!
spot on.
im not sure you can call what's been going on a as breaks...
way to go sharapovo!
yes maria!

today's match proved that having a shit second serve is worse than having a shit first serve. it also proved that sharapova's opponents can bring a coffee and smoke a cigarette between serves.
i'm glad i turned on my tv when i did - at the start of the third set :-) 
i liked how he settled it on the court instead of returning back and having to deal with it from there.
quality wta final, especially the first set. semi-gutted for halep, but her effort was really good, so i'm not too upset. congrats to both players.
mate. halep winning in 2 easy sets is quite possibly the worst prediction i've ever seen.
halep hardly showed up today. instead we got a strictly defensive aga on a bad day. lack of confidence, i guess.
that's why so many people hail sharapova as one of the all time fighters. i can't think of anyone else who can serve that horrendously yet manage to win. such heart.
sharapova used every trick in the book to win that. shrieking as she hit every shot, very long pauses between a lot of points and leaving the court after losing the second set.

halep, on the other hand, barely grunts when she hits the ball. she's a breath of fresh air...
&gt;if repetitive noises are annoying, the racket sound ought to be too

what?

&gt;but i guess it's a more ugly sound to most people

yes.


&gt;ladies screaming, i'm more annoyed by a high pitched justin bieber type scream.

what kind of camparison is this?
yes well it is encouraging but also a very 'romanian' thing to do. on one hand , it's not bad that the parliament stood by her however it is very common in romania for politicians to try to get over-hyped so they can benefit in the elections. i find it a bit ostentatious and in bad taste to build your image (as a politician) on the hard work of an athlete considering that most of them do nothing to improve or promote sports.
well, she's seems committed to the sport so i don't think we have to worry about that.
are you shitting me. you've spouted some shite this fortnight, but that takes the cake.
her serve used to be one of her biggest weapons, now it's her handicap. 
