they just had radioactive substances lying around?
science: we do what we must because we can.
firstly, thank you for responding, i know i was a little bit late to the party.
secondly, anne-sophie is absolutely lovely.
what generally is your opinion of the young feature filmmakers you've met? 
i guess now i want to sneak extra questions onto this (because thats the kind of greedy guy i am) what's been the hardest moment of your filmmaking career so far / what's been the greatest success you've had - this could be a specific shot, or a scene or anything.
i would have watched it, but after spoiler above, why bother?
lucky for you they made this.  unlucky for you it was called the amazing spiderman.
he'd really hate the deer hunter.
&gt; the dallas buyer's club will tell the story of woodroof, the heterosexual, homophobic electrician who died in 1992 after illegally smuggling hiv drugs not approved in the states.
ah ok - 1992, years before haart therapy was invented. that explains the "thin people" thing, like tom hanks in "philadelphia".
these are scary as shit.
and a twilight movie. yikes. 
well, silly, those are real.
i always thought that was an absurd waste of his time in that movie. he had a lot of shit going on and he's setting up a complicated domino fall that only he will see? priorities v. 
completely disagree! 
i only realized it once i'd written it out. but it's the only way!
i showed my friends the aqua teen hunger force movie and now they don't trust any of my movie suggestions.
the fight scene in the streets in the book of eli.
or good will hunting, gone baby gone, the town, and soon argo.
they already made it
i give you [jurrasic park 5](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=o3xtncuczb4)
same. 
that's why i love this so much: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvhemfzax5u
this looks like it might be from the version of jp4 that was supposed to have a dinosaur borne virus. i'm guessing the idea was that the virus would infect people and hybridize their dna with that of the dinosaurs.
i can't really see how it's better than any other year to be honest. some big blockbusters, some turkeys, some rubbish, some surprises -  another year in hollywood really.
i couldn't make it past the pilot of that show. i wanted to... but that shit was bad. did it get cancelled yet?
is it less believable for v to have set up the dominos, or for batman to set up his burning bat signal in tdkr?
it wouldn't have worked as jurassic park, but as a sci-fi horror, yea genetics crossing reptile with humans to make super soldiers might have worked.
the what?
badass.
if its george lucas at the helm you're goddamned right it's too far!
that is truly a shame. sandlot is a great movie!
&gt;everybody expects that it must rake in oscars
no, that isnt't it at all, and i'm tired of people justifying how awful it is with this response. diehard isn't made to make oscars, yet is a brilliant movie with a solid script and good acting. dozens of action films are not made with oscars in mind, and are leagues better than transformers. we don't expect action movies to be oscar films or deep emotional dramas, hoeveer we don't want a stupid movie filled with stupid characters and a stupid script aimed at morons who don't know the difference. it is insulting.
plus the action is terrible. who's that grey-brown metal transformer fighting that other grey-brown transformer? it's poorly edited, and you're expected to think the action is cool because it cuts every 3 seconds. there sin't good action, because the action is never properly shown. it's completely fucking incompetent and incoherent. not to mention half the movie is shia lebouf being an ass and having girl problems. who gives a shit, it's supposed to be a movie about fucking robots, why is half the film spent on that dipshit!?
it's as if they were using multiple cameras.
i would watch the shit out of this movie. maybe not as jp. but for reals holy shit that's awesome and a little deadspace-y
not a horror film? koopa destroyed half of the twin towers. the. twin. towers.
brown one looks like a tyranid genestealer!
her roommate. i think it's a common misconception that most redditors are boys.  but thanks, i think we're gonna try the exorcist.
i'm just going to leave this here;
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=img4iu7msfm
and also, that first one looked bad ass as a creature design. there was something just so cool about it. it had a real "abomination against nature" feeling.
call it "turok"
eh, i could turn my brain off for long enough to enjoy this.
i'm not going to lie. i would watch it. 
this picture makes me so happy
but that is why it is soooo good. it is supposed to be distrubing. it's supposed to be uncomfortable!
when i heard *jurassic park iv* was going to be about someone captured by ingen and made to train a group of genetically engineered dienonychus mercenaries, i thought it was awesome.
this looks even *more* awesome.
i wish i had, so much fremdschämen...
just thought i'd let you know; took me forever to discover why some of my posts got down-voted.  never say, "have an up-vote!"  the hive-mind hates this.  they also hate adding "lol" at the end of sentences.  will net you down-votes every single time.
not trying to be a dick, i honestly posted on reddit for months before someone told me what was up.
got to admire his dedication. this is bale level craziness, but that's what makes bale such a great actor. 
speaking of bale and mcconaughey, i think reign of fire is a criminally underrated movie and both of those guys were great in that film!
it looks like you are holding that telephone pole
that was the first time i saw john leguizamo in a movie.
after that, it was always, "oh look luigi's in this movie!"
&gt; scarlett johansson being one of them.
i was with you until that point. see *lost in translation*, *the prestige* and *match point*. she is a talented actress.
"seriously guys, who fucked the dinosaurs?"
technically, that is the point of subjective opinions.
the pterodactyl scene in 3 was pretty amazing. that whole shot of it walking out of the mist was sweet.
in a world where...
thud thud thud
the largest creatures
&lt;bird-like squaking, pterosaur zooms past camera frame&gt;
stalk the land.
only one creature
&lt;flash of giant green triceratops creature with missing horn&gt;
can save them from extinction.
... that's all i got for now.
i heard about a version of *jurassic park iv* that involved someone being made by ingen to train genetically engineered dienonychus as mercenaries. that looks pretty awesome. 
well there was a few things, one i just couldn't connect with the guy or care about him really. maybe it's his face or what he doesn't really do. plus i'm sad to say that i didn't even like star trek all that much either, which is strange because everyone else in the world liked it, i need to revisit and see if maybe i was just in a shitty mood or something. speaking of which, downvoted to all hell, may i ask why everyone downvoted, i'd like to hear who people disagreed with me on, maybe change my mind?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67mrimt9cne
the pan-out at the beginning of "contact"
that was really cool.
i am a soldier, and i did a 12 month tour in iraq.
the hurtlocker is the single most unrealistic, stupid and disappointing movie i have ever seen. how it won best picture makes me believe that the academy awards are rigged.
in no way, shape or form does this film represent how the military conducts their business.
that being said, zero dark thirty better not suck.
people don't like transformers *when michael bay is involved*.
nightmares would be had.
&gt;people you know don't like the fountain? 
there are lots of us. 
dino dna...
you know the human body has between 50,000-100,000 miles of blood vessels. makes yoshi look a little small imo.
without spoiling anything, i just wanna say that the ending to this is probably my favorite ending to any zombie film.
guess you'll just have to miss out on *the illusionist* (2006) then. solid film.
fuck it! put 'em in _cabin in the woods!_
i just kidnapped one, there are only three left now.
jurassic park straight to dvd and some crappy roller coaster.
[hello jp mcdaniels.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yfxfvp7m_e&amp;list=flpijyz4fwicm-he9vmjc9pg&amp;index=3&amp;feature=plpp_video)
is this something from the comics?
they're a lot cuter animated.
the trailer for the hobbit. also [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bevy_lonkf4)
i just wish they hadn't shown the cgi alien at the end or the ufo. otherwise it would have been a pretty tight indiana jones flick.
who the fuck gets pissed off at them changing their name to syfy? it's literally the same phonemes, it's just that they can better get away with showing *dungeons and dragons: the movie*. and they can trademark it.
you should write movies.... 
sorry, i think you accidentally misspelled 1939.
since die another day it appears the art department has tweaked on to the idea the public knows what to expect in a bond movie and not clutter the poster with movie related crap. (like the tomorrow never dies poster)
commander, plot rehashing underway. all systems go!
this concept art is by [carlos huante](http://www.carloshuanteart.com/). who is one of the best creature designers in the industry. he did all the aliens in mib (among other artists)
mib fun fact: the coffee drinking worms in mib were originally intended to be 6 foot tall. but barry sonnenfeld saw the character maquette (which was their final height) and wrote the coffee drinking scene just for them. 
you can say suspension of disbelief all you want but the tk powers had nothing to do with the overall story and were pointless.
i thought, he was high as fuck on power and sort of possessed by the spirit world, thats why he used giant water dude thing to crush all the ships.
but when he was still aang he didnt want to kill anyone.
haven't watched the show in a long while.
predators with adrien brody. some hated the fact arnold wasn in it, some hated the fact brody was in it, others were just burned out from all the crappy avp's. but i'm telling you this movie kicked some ass, it had the original score, some decent acting and some badass kill scenes. the whole dogs vs. wolves blood fued, in my opinion, was pretty cool. i didn't have high hopes (as it was a predator movie) but still rank this one high for entertainment. am i crazy? -lol
no i didn't
i am hoping they don't ruin the peanuts.  i worry that it will be in 3d with a pop music soundtrack.  it just won't be the same without jazz and non-slick animation.
[hey, now....](http://i398.photobucket.com/albums/pp65/ichliebetokiohotel/random/celebs/tv%20n%20youtube/tumblr_lkri95d11o1qbc1alo1_400.gif)
ψfi
who the hell doesn't like the brave little toaster?
there already are dinosaurs in wow, and they're actually all over the world. there's even a zone full of them. it even has giant tyrannosaurs. all there needs to be is an event where an earthquake or whatever happens and the whole place turns out to have a secret dinosaur world in it.
or they could just add another island, which would probably be better.
different grades of radioactivity are safe to ship if contained... this one wasn't.
did you kill him? because if not, there are still four.
&gt;i'd watch the shit out that 
that was the first thing i thought when i saw those pics.
my friend.
"the new bond looks so fail, he jumps onto a moving train"
he obviously never seen a bond film.
this actually had the possibility to be good movie, with points similiar to the book's message.
which makes sense in the awesome series plotline, but shamalamadingdong took away the whole high as fuck on power because of the koi fish situation, and just made it the avatar state didn't he? can't remember, i saw it two years ago and have done my best to repress the memory that movie holds in my brain.
they might.
if you could program them to fight for your side...
*zodiac*. it's not even what you would call a traditional horror film; it's a slow-burning mystery with an absolutely bloodcurdling atmosphere.
came to confirm, he is awesome to say the least.
ah. another ridley scott "im going to cut the film into this mediocre piece of shite and shove it into theaters because 'runtime'".
damn, seriously why the fuck does this happen time and again?
maybe a little bit of that, but i was hoping to portray neither the humans nor the dino-men as inherently evil, just a victim of sad circumstances. i hated how in avatar it was really cliche and shitty and tried to be deep, portraying the navi as virtually helpless an the humans are mostly evil. or in prometheus how the humans were fucking stupid and the robot was, of course, the bad guy instead of any sort of introspection about humanity. or in splice, where the cloned being just went apeshit insane without any sort of explanation as to what the mental process was, what broke down, what she failed to grasp in terms of social acceptance or whatever. i hate how the strange things are always evil, or we're always evil, never both or neither. i think the only scifi movie to ever actually get this right was district 9, which was *incredible* and all of you reading this should see it if you at all care about science fiction as a social narrative!!
my love for john leguizamo stems from this movie.
wow, my opinion of this changed fast. at first i thought an abomination that should burn in hell. then i thought laughably bad. then i thought i'd pay to see this movie. then i thought i'd pay to see this movie 100 times. seriously, if they make a fourth, it probably won't be that great if its not outright terrible. they might as well go the insane route and just see what happens. 
maybe if you took some of those concepts and put wings on them...and mixed in a little bit of 100% science...and then got like a bunch of people on th-aw fuck it's never coming is it.
this is what's wrong with the movie industry.
200 hours seems like quite a bit of time for this, considering there were four men involved. each would average being responsible for 5,500 dominoes, and at 200 hours, that would mean they averaged only putting up 27.5 dominoes per person per hour. sounds way too fucking slow.
i like all of those things...
they input a beautiful scene in every movie which shows the lighter side of jurassic park. there is no way they can do that with these ugly ass creatures.
and they said domino stacking was stupid who's laughing now mom!
man i was mad excited for that movie and it was good for the first hour
it's for real. it's in this [cracked article](http://www.cracked.com/article_19751_6-insane-sequels-that-almost-ruined-classic-movies_p1.html) about bad ideas for sequels that were commissioned but never happened (gladiator 2 is at the top of list, unsurprisingly). apparently russell crowe was enthusiastic about it.
what do you think a pro domino assembler makes in an hour?  assuming these guys did it in four twelve hour days, did it cost the production 5,000 in labor ($25 an hour)? more? less?
i just viewed prometheus.  wow what a great movie, but i wouldn't compare it to moonrise kingdom.  unless boy scout's are aborting alien babies with robot laser doctors.
&gt;but it was a terribly shitty movie...
but i love it when shitty movies are released, because it just means there will be a [hilarious rifftrax](http://youtu.be/rd7vwvtm97m) of it.
spiolers: 
the problem i had with the movie was that the entire time i felt that there was only one logical conclusion. and that was the route they took. it wasnt bad, its just that for me it was just about the least suspenseful action movie i'd seen in a long while. 
remixes &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
this is orchestral music not dubstep.
don davis is a great composer and jp3 is a fine score in it's own right. davis actually quotes from williams' themes quite sparingly and instead employs a lot of his signature postmodernism. 
people love transformers, just not the michael bay movies.
your face is a generic term
one step closer to a turok movie!
the trailer for inception was amazing
i won't be happy until we have taken vii: liam takes manhattan. 
yep. i saw both, and its like they're different films entirely..
well i workout on a regular basis so i think i have that part down (can max bench at around 250, squat max is probably around 350). i have actually begun to do shoulder shrugs and deadlifts to help me out a little more. i am 5' 11" and weigh 215lbs so i wish i were a couple inches taller, but other than that i would say i am big enough to play the part. the voice i guess is in the eye of the beholder. i don't have a higher pitched voice and it is fairly deep so i feel like it would at least be ok. i would just have to imitate words to how he said them in the movie.  
i wish there was a kickstarter, but for movies. 
beast wars!!!! 
at that point the avatar state was being high as fuck on power. he had absolutely no control over it. but at the same time he also had an enraged ancient spirit working through him to kill all firebenders.
looks identical to baraka from mortal kombat in the first picture. then i saw the dinosaur legs...
there's a good drinking game for this. every time you laugh at something that wasn't intended to be funny you drink.
i followed this when they made the script, something retarded about dinosaurs becoming cops. i had no idea they actually made it to this stage though.
i've met a few people that hate afleck just because. they don't know why, they just know they hate ben afleck. it's depressing, because homeboy is very talented.
in that order?
those pictures bring to mind the island of doctor moreau. the book though, not brando's last hurrah.
those designs are fantastic... for something else.
well since they were bringing these dinosaurs back through dinosaur dna, it wouldn't be too long before they would start experimenting with human dna as well.
at least the concept art is really well done
a t-rex with big arms?! good game, human race, good game.
man season 9 sucked!
nooooooooooooooooooo nononono no
most fans of dbz have never read the manga or even seen dragonball.
the opening of aco. chills.
i'd buy that for a dollar.
that was awesome. and i'm a girl and i never thought of stealing a kiss like squints did as a sexual assault.
[our minds are one](http://i.imgur.com/p3ekz.gif)
i'll never forget seeing it in the theaters for the first time, the entire theater was cracking up when he started beating him with the bowling pin, and then complete shocked silence when we realized what was actually happening.   
i think it's too artsy and not violent enough. well, more like the violence is too artsy. in the graphic novel the violence is very raw and visceral. in the movie it looks cool. which is cool, but just not really what i wanted. in the end, i liked the movie. i think it's about the best watchmen movie we could have gotten.
i'm totally with you on this. if a movie entertains me, i consider it a good movie.  i don't care how many flaws it has.  it's all about whether or not i was entertained.  and i guess i'm easily entertained because i like a huge variety of movies.
not bad on those max lifts, and you still have have two weeks to get the voice down. 
yeah, i grew up with jp, but i never experienced it when it first came out. wish i could have, just so i could be blown away by how ahead of the game it was, but my point is just that films like the first king kong were way ahead of the game, but don't hold up now, whereas jurassic park will look incredible and realistic for a long, long time. 
i feel sad to say this but that part actually gives me shivers.
i'd assume spielberg was not involved in any of that?
dragonball: the magic begins is pretty solid. but not the special edition version. 
i will look for you, i will find you, and i will watch you. 
again
please shut up. there are a significant number of comments stating that this would be awesome if it were not under the jp name.
anyone that tries to lump everyone on reddit that isn't them into one group with all the same likes and interests needs a good slap.
dark shadows?
shit how did i forget something that was so important to his character development? time to re-watch the series.
but the op *is* concept art.  it's all that exists, 'cause it didn't get made. 
spoiler alert...
id be so down to see a movie with the laser t-rex from turok 1.. arming the dinosaurs could turn out pretty badass, more urban destruction ala jp2 (even though none of that san diego shit was in the book, it was cool to see..) but the human / dino hybrid thing is pretty retarded.
yeah, this could be pretty damn awesome.
why is this not a gif!?!?!? so much disappoint.
[pervvin' a dish. just like squints.](http://p.twimg.com/azv_dtdcuaar28f.jpg:large)
star wars already did it.  they're called trandoshans
as someone who never watched avatar, that's exactly how i felt when i watched the live action.  my boyfriend gets upset when i say either that i liked avatar or want to watch dragonball.
not looking forward to his "alien" tmnt movie, either.
the opening scene of the new star trek movie. taking an entire series in a new direction and i loved it.
i really liked the 2nd one's scenes in san diego but the 1st one was damn good.
jontron had it right, it's not about getting the aah scary monster feel, it's about the reactions the characters have to the situation they are in, that is, surrounded by fucking dinosaurs bitch.  focus on characters.  not monzers.
i'd lose much more respect due to using "fail" as an adjective.
actually, that's recording artist [mojo nixon](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mojo_nixon).
oddly enough, i saw him in concert just last week.
i think it looks cool.  splicing human dna with other creatures is nothing new, but i don't think i have seen it done with dinosaurs and primal humans and it seems the logical next step for something that was started by michael crichton.
god damn i hate you so much.  just fucking deal with the fact that these movies exist and quit being a fucking cunt.
indeed. i thank you for the criticism and would encourage you to state this for anyone wanting to be bane this halloween. cant have some skinny guy and/or a guy with a high pitched voice putting on the mask.
8/10 would watch
there was to much cgi throughout. they should have done all the special effects old school.
also dangerous to film != dangerous to humans.  at least not always.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj9un3_ing8
they made a team fortress 3?
if by bad, you mean awesome.
i'd watch it
it sounds more along the lines of something that would come out of the turok: dinosaur hunter comics/video games.  
i always love when pixar alludes to their other films/characters.  it fills me with nostalgic warm fuzzies.  i recently rewatched monsters inc and at the end of the movie when boo is handing him all her toys she gives him a nemo squeak toy, a jessie the cowgirl doll, and the iconic "rugrats" ball.
just read the script review. holy shit, that movie sounds awesome and i want to see it. it's like something from syfy channel, but with speilberg involved.
i basically had an identical experience. i bought it at a bargain bin at walmart for like $5. i was so excited to find it, because (despite all hate for it) i really love the movie. it's an interesting twist on super mario and oozes that late 80's early 90's culture movie.
"i want you to draw me wearing nightmares for years, wearing only nightmares for years."
only watch it if you want a laugh and or with trees.
that was funtimes.
mind=sorta blown
came here to say exactly this. that concept art looks badass as all hell.
blood diamond *was* retarded...
it was a bad movie because of the script and acting, not the premise, and not because it didn't feel like an *indiana jones* movie. i haven't even seen it and i can already tell you it's not as bad as *temple of doom*.
koopa?
but how many lights there are?
the plot, from what i can remember, was basically that the dinosaurs had made it to the mainland (the first scene would involve a kid at a baseball game getting picked up by a pteranodon), and were wreaking havoc. ignoring a few obvious plot holes, like the fact that they could be stopped by the military, not to mention literally any food source that didn't have lycine, the plot ultimately turns a race to save mankind from extinction as dinosaurs run rampant all over the world. 
anyway, hammond, who is still alive i guess, institutes a contingency to kill the dinosaurs by way of a sort of virus that wipes them out, so, he sends a team to isla nublar to retrieve the whipped cream bottle that nedry stole. for some reason. they make it to the island, and then they are viciously attacked by "trapdoor raptors". velociraptors that come out of the ground and attack you. yeah.
then, one survivor gets the bottle, with the embryos, and uses them to create the monstrosities you see in the picture, and they become cops. dinosaur cops. that whole thing about the future of humankind being in jeopardy? that's not part of the plot anymore. at least i don't think.
i'm pretty sure that's not the story they're going with now, although it could probably work for a completely different project, and even then probably not really. you can find the article about the original draft on latino review, i think. the guy calls it the most "bugfuck insane thing i've ever read".
right on the money! has great potential for a very interesting storyline and the action....wow.  that would be amazing.  all they would have to do is drop jp from the name, but they could easily say "from the creators of jurassic park" to help stir added interest. 
manosaur: a new era
[i think this was addressed somewhat in jgl's final monologue where he talked about it being a repetitive loop. it seemed that no matter what the present the same loop would recur to cause a similar future. it may be that in willis' timeline cid's mother was killed in some other way that caused the same pain. it may be that she ends up being killed again anyway in the new timeline (since it doesn't show very far into the future) and it corrects itself to the creation of the rainmaker all over again.](/spoiler)
yeah i'm sure plinkett would make a great review of it.
i'll be the first to admit that the emotional climax of the movie was also the quality climax of the movie.
it's not that it's any more far fetched, just that it doesn't really fit the theme.  supernatural/paranormal is separate from science fiction in most people's minds.  they probably would have forgiven the film for that though if it had been even just halfway decent.
mola ram tearing out hearts in one of the most offensively racist scenes ever is fine, but ripping off *stargate* is too much? are you an alcoholic or something?
makes me wonder if they'd have evolved into something like that if they hadn't been wiped out.
i didn't know this subreddit existed. you have changed my life, kind sir. 
do you think for a second that david didn't tell his maker? they had one thing on their minds and that was to meet the engineer. wayland didn't give a fuck about anyone else, he thought himself a god. 
it's weird how much i hate that show. it actually makes me angry. i can't even articulate how much i hate it. there are a lot of shows i don't like, but that one i just can't understand why people think it's funny. no offense. i actually was completely turned off from this guy because it was one of his favorite shows. i couldn't date him. 
megatron: what would you be without me prime?
optimus: ...let's find out.
well, i'd watch that.
write up a script wil ya? hollywood could use stuff like that.
so brave 
lion king 1.5 was awesome......well, i only saw the dig a tunnel song, but it was awesome!
there is a very good isaac asimov short-story of this nature that you may be interested in.
based on what you just said.. i think you would like [my webcomic](http://www.krigrawr.com/?webcomic_post=only-testing). it's about dinosaurs using machine guns.
sort of a jurassic park meets resident evil sorta deal going on there  
and avatar is almost a carbon copy of 'dances with wolves' so what?
this sounds exactly like *fragment* by warren fahy.
there are 4 lights!
lotioning 
oiling
lotioning
i cant take it anymore
&gt;i wouldn't out and out call it bad per se
why? it was absolutely horrible. twilight has more substance
always wondered if that one domino was significant. 
people hate hellboy 2? o_o i'm surprised. i adore this film. i love the sweet-sour chords it pours. i think it's better than first hellboy movie in pretty much every aspect.
sigh.
shame. but i heard that they are trying to make hellboy the third, so maybe not all is lost. 
200 hours! bull shit
someone ask the studios to make this film.
i was hoping the news was that the internet finally agreed on me about how poor it was, but... alas
i don't care what it's for, that artwork is tits.
you should play turok:evolution sometime.
i wish i had realized what i liked about keaton's batman but you nailed it. thanks for having the ability to articulate my thoughts better than me
[bestof'd](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/117zcw/pantsfactory_fills_the_prometheus_and_jpiiishaped/)
i'll be honest, i really want to see this. maybe not as jurassic park but the same level of quality, with an easter egg here or there that link them.
don't forget 2 had vince vaughn! 
and instead it became far cry.
seriously. thats the second half of far cry right there.  all of it.
i wouldn't mind it taking place in the same universe. just modify the title because i somehow doubt that there will be a human-dinosaur experimentation "park". call it "jurassic evolution".
*"somewhere over the rainbow, skies are...red."*
the opening of this movie is immaculate. 
jurassic park 4: the amazing spider-man lizard origins
sounds like the island of dr. moreau.
a upvote for u sir!! lol xd
bullshit. you can trademark common words within a specific context. dial soap. adobe flash, two in one. a million band names. you don't have to make your spelling x-treeeem to protect your brand.
that was exactly what i was thinking. just imagine the little fucker from the second image staring at you in the dark.
the pest!
one of my friends said memento was "the gayest shit ever" and thought the love guru is the best movie of all time. now that's a crime against humanity.
wow. that's like highlander 2 levels of losing the plot. 
i don't think it made it to episode 4.
i'd watch it. 
it got worse after the first episode.
canceled after one season (available on netflix)
they turned it into a prehistoric cop drama. i had such high hopes for it. i feel like someone stole them from me.
technically, jurassic park was about frog-dinosaurs. for me, it wouldn't be a leap to write a jp 4 about some idiot like hammond mixing human dna (instead of frog dna) with dino dna to make human-dinosaurs... *shrug*
just needs some insane clown posse on the soundtrack to go with the 'magnetic fuckery'.
gene hackman.  no matter what, he's lex luthor. 
the bathroom scene in leon.  
stansfield is scary as fuck.
&gt;this is only more compelling evidence that what jurassic park needs is a walking dead-style adult tv series adaptation
man, now i desperately want that...
its a horrible idea for a sequel 
reptile?
obviously some nsfw material and spoilers.
 1. [raiders of the lost ark](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aneuw8f8cpe)
 2. [zoolander](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvo1_vyk7aw)
 3. [the godfather](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktc2n2rjr2q) (english subtitles, sorry)
 4. [the fugitive](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq11ws3tqp0)
 5. [the dark knight](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwbog3awgjm)
 6. [robocop](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdzqkvci9m8&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=322s)
 7. [pretty woman](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v10b7hlvhlk&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=6s)
 8. [being john malkovich](http://www.metacafe.com/watch/9206678/nature_calls_exclusive_red_band_clip_the_triple_diamond_package/?source=playlist&amp;passivenav=1)
 9. [caddyshack](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbqtxfjl8lo)
 10. [dumb &amp; dumber](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crbkn5bovpa)
 11. [knocked up](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx0sd_cazhs)
 12. [good will hunting](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7txyn2sibla)
 13. [the dark knight](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlxgauecthg)
 14. [aliens](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsx2vdn7gpy)
 15. [tootsie](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwyefqwvcns)
 16. [the usual suspects](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj5verbltyi)
 17. [the warriors](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwwy9y6o3hw)
 18. [the godfather](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhzh0pvmwti)
 19. [dr. strangelove](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww7wlspi9gc)
 20. saving private ryan (couldn't find this one)
 21. [jaws](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gcifoeboa8)
 22. [the empire strikes back](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so-kr-14uxm)
 23. [reservoir dogs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgqb6jiuzbo&amp;feature=fvwrel)
 24. [casablanca](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv8mgynp820)
 25. [annie hall](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhtcjzzslam)
 26. [the shining](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7jb68slgy8)
 27. [bladerunner](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_saun4j7gw)
 28. [midnight cowboy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c412hquchkw)
 29. [a clockwork orange](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swvwyyz9ttk&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=127s)
 30. [taxi driver](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4e9ckhbb18e&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=6s)
 31. [silence of the lambs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=fvwp&amp;v=g4qblq0uahw&amp;nr=1)
 32. [full metal jacket](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tnhs81w4bm&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=22s)
edit: new full metal jacket link
do you have some medical condition that causes you to be an asshole?
i feel like i've seen this somewhere before...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqgj6wzsw8k
i thought the second one was the best, but something something hivemind, i guess.
i remember halloween horror nights had one of its haunted houses to this,the theme was a disaster when they started mixing dino and human dna,and they set it for the first year they put it in islands of adventure 
i can't figure out whether you think that you're right, or this is some elaborate joke that i just can't quite appreciate.
wtb more monster movies.  i was sporting a full boner during cloverfield. 
you realize it was on a different island right?
i don't know. given his general disdain for the series and the fact that he could have said something noncommittal (like "i don't know, maybe") i think he probably meant that he was done.
just saying.
well, it's maybe a little long to call one scene, but the crescendo to the fountain. [spoiler](/s "when the lights fall out and tommy looks up and sees xibalba and that song starts playing")
yeah, the girl with the dragon tattoo teaser trailer is my recent favorite as well. all the master trailers are excellent as well.     
the hate for jp is strong in here. for its time the visuals were breath taking. 
we all did. we even took the relevant pauses. "what he did was sneaky, rotten, and low... and cool"
a question i've been thinking about is the overall shooting accuracy of he henchmen in all the bond movies, then finding out how much money has been wasted on bullets by the bad guys
yeah, after the first season ended fox announced they wouldn't renew it.  a few other networks are looking at it, but i doubt it will get picked up because it was so damned expensive and the writing/acting sucked balls.  
there were one or two pretty good episodes, but overall it was a huge disappointment.  
&gt;or they could make a commercially successful film that has a bunch of lovable characters doing funny things like flying a doghouse like an airplane or getting kites eaten by trees. 
just like every single peanuts special ever made, even under schulz? get off your high horse. 
i mean technically jurassic park was about gene splicing and dna manipulation. though dinosaurs were of course the main theme of that back story. the next logical step for the crazy scientists would be to mix dna of different species and see what happens. i could see it.
***will buy***
i used to play the [dfh video game](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7wvbtqvgxe) on sega genesis for hours on end. it  was a total contra rip-off, but that could never be a bad thing could it?
what's your top ten?
there were only 2 indianna jones movies, numbered 1 and 3 for some unknowable reason.
i'd love to see what those helecopters look like. 
so did they just recycle the first character design for the lizard in the amazing spiderman?
looooooooks dope.
he still blames the albanians, and then gets an elderly sam to watch over a random group of them.
the first flying scenes in chronicle. holy shit, that's some awesome stuff. made it one of my favorite movies of all time.
[terrible quality, but the best i could find](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ku3jgevojvo)
thank you hollywood for have the decency to just say no. jp was perfect, jp 2 was just bad, and jp 3 was slightly better than #2, i don't think they could have successfully woven this into the story line while still keeping it jurassic park.
did you watch jeopardy yesterday?
it needs an unnecessary love affair to emerge between two of the doctors, or perhaps some obnoxious child actor to spout catch phrases....
then, hollywood would have an orgasm over this script.
just for you, i'll add in a scene near the beginning where one of the "domesticated" dino-kids is being entertained by one of the scientists, with a laser pointer in their lab. the scientist chuckles, watching the dino-kid try and grab it, frusteratedly, but unable to. it gets angry, and yells, trying to snatch what isn't there, eventually smacking unexpectedly into a wall, much to the scientist's amusement. off screen the scientist suddenly gets a page- there's a meeting in the board room, and he should head down in a few minutes, it seems important. as the scientist listens over the com, the dino-kid notices his hand, still holding the laser pointer, watching... it looks to the wall, and the dot on the wall is no longer moving....
finally the scientist gets up, pats the dino-kid on the head, sets the laser pointer down on the shelf and heads off, leaving it alone in his lab.
in a hook-up scene a while later he comes back to grab some of his things, urgently gathering some books, until he notices a red dot in the centre of his paper. he moves his hand out of the way, and hears a terrifyingly childlike giggle... he looks up, the dino-kid is sitting on that shelf, holding the laser pointer, laughing at him. the scientist stands in awe for a moment, with his jaw open, somewhere between impressed,and horrified at what he's just taught the dino-kid, who just laughs, and points the laser at the wall, hoping to make the scientist smack into it just like he did... 
*it's learned...*
hmm. i see, thanks for taking time to explain. i am a complete opposite to that view, then again i am a abrahms fan boy :). also, i hate getting down votes and not being told why people feel i need them. people need to revisit the guidelines...
i was thinking exactly that when i saw some of the last pictures
that's exactly the point. while this would be cool as hell, it would not be jurassic park *at all*.
the movie was so bad it was good.
looks like lifesteeler from dota / dota 2
yes because they literally created the characters for the expansion and they totally didn't exist beforehand.
are you a fucking moron?
it really had a lot going for it though. the special effects were amazing for its time, wait scratch that, the special effects set a new standard for the entire industry. the score to the movie was perfect. the story was easy for anyone to understand and follow because it was a clear depiction of good vs. evil.
if you look at other space movies or tv shows at the time you mainly had 2001 space odyssey or you had classic star trek. for 2001 space odyssey its a great film but its one i would rather watch at home and ponder about not while sitting in a theater. star trek was great but it came off as dorky and nerdy and always had some moral or ethical message and really didn't appeal to the masses. 
so here comes star wars. basically followed the same formula as all popular stories, the novice (luke), the princess (leia), and the rogue(han), hell obi wan kenobi appealed to older people as the wise veteran of war. you were guaranteed to relate to one of these characters. and then it depicted space as dirty, and by dirty i mean like pirates, space was the open sea and that is what makes the cantina scene so memorable. the millennium falcon was basically a flying pirate ship that was falling apart. this was drastically different to what space had been stylized before star wars.
i could go on but all these different elements allowed wide appeal. this is why it was so successful not only in the us but around the world, it had universal elements that everyone can relate to.
kind of reminded me of busta rymes when he played a white guy in one of his music videos. freaking uncanny.
antichrist  
the poughkeepsie tapes  
session 9  
cube  
there's also one i can't remember the name of where aliens kidnap a female police officer, chop off her limbs, and impregnate her with alien spawn.  scared the crap out of me when i was 10, i think it would still do the job today but i can't find it.
i can't decide if the scary looking guy is going full velociraptor or not. as we all know, you should never go full velociraptor. 
imdb gives it 3.8, it wasn't even enjoyable as a guilty pleasure. placing a virtual world context into the real world isn't new or unique, it's all about execution, and the super mario movie did it poorly.
oh sweet mother of jebus, this looks more like concept art for some sick dinosaur based horror movie. 
i always had an idea for an easy/fun jp 4. at the end of jp 3, after the main characters are saved from the island, the military moves in. i'd like to see a movie where you see what happens immediately afterwards. basically, it would be "aliens" but with velociraptors. nothing deep, no convoluted plot, pretty much just marines vs dinosaurs.
gantz.
it reminds me of a more relevant and relatable postal.
tom hanks. jim carrey.
i swear to nature that the jurassic park theme song came on pandora right when i clicked on this link. damn... no one cares. 
i know someone will comment with the inevitable and ever-so-witty "stop liking things i don't like" ... but seriously?  these things were abominations of good taste.
it is **always** time to re-watch that series.
"remember kid. heroes get remembered, but legends never die"
it's a very tight knit profession, if the recession hits one company, it affects the others as well, sorta like a domino effect.
wrong and no thank you.
i haven't seen looper. is this a joke? or was he really supposed o help out and then didn't? 
that's why i stopped halfway through, saving it for the movie.  
surprised it took me this long to scroll down to this.
thank you.
police: *confused stare* "what?"
you: "say what again, motherfucker. i dare you."
it'll either be that or the officer saying "sorry, mr. winnfield."
why machine guns? i didnt see any in the album
[alien](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bevy_lonkf4)'s trailer is in my mind one of the best ever made
update 2:  http://imageshack.us/a/img24/8008/rawrrs.jpg
check it out!  after much negotiating with the store and offering a ridiculous price they agreed to sell me one of the masks.  :d
but scrubs season 9 gave us dave franco!
masochism subreddit is that way ---&gt;
seasons 5-7? bad to meh.
but 8 was actually very good.
oh dear god
lets see him return to work after you see what nintennuendo did to his fingers. o.o
haha
daniel radcliffe as harry potter. even though i don't think he's a brilliant actor nor that the movies are perfect, he will always be harry potter. 
the spinosaurus shoving his snout through a metallic fuselage killed the movie for me. it ceased to be an animal (which spielberg was very insistant upon in the first one, that they be animals and not monsters) and became a movie monster. because i don't give a shit if you're 3 stories tall, you can still feel pain, and shoving your mouth through welded steel is going to hurt like a motherfucker.
the mario brothers movie was terrible. to think that it does the game franchise any justice is steamy cow shit. 
i think that domino represents his death. it's the last thing that has to happen.
haha!  now that is a pitch!  
to scary for kids i assume? 
dungeons and dragons is less of a divergence from science fiction than *wrestling*. syfy is an annoying rebranding, but wrestling bullshit is unforgivable.
i thought looper was wonderful, too. it killed me when i recently found out i could have had the opportunity to see jgl about a year ago through his hitrecord project in my own town, but i missed it :(
anyways, about the movie, i thought that all "three" (arguably two) of the main characters were great, and i hope that emily blunt gets as much recognition for her work in this as bruce willis and jgl do. i thought the movie had a great story line and good direction and the ending made me tear up. xd i can't say enough positive things about it! it's really something that everyone should see. i'm definitely going to be keeping track of what jgl does in the future thanks to this and his recent nolan films. he's such a great actor.
thank you.  as much as 4 deserves to get ripped, 2 seems to get a pass just because it's sandwiched by such greatness.  they really were comparably bad.
`so jules is 64 years old? that seems a bit old.`
*shudder*
&gt;nails in their coffin
they have gained over a million subscribers with panderia, infact it just steadily climbs because it's quite a good expansion... yes, the panda stuff is stupid, but the content is there 
i imagined that they were humans who were turned into dinosaur-people. 
a group of newlywed tourists shell out big bucks to go on an african cruise where they are taken down the coast. along the way they experience some motor trouble (maybe a plesiosauria-person sabotaged it) and have to take rafts all the way to the mysterious island.
the guide says that he's been up and down the coast many times and has never seen the island before, which is mysterious because when they climb out of their rafts they quickly find what looks like an abandoned resort of some kind. there are vines growing all over the walls, broken grass, etc.
they spend the entire movie on the resort looking for a radio to call for help and eventually discover that the "resort" was actually a secret laboratory where some genetic experiments went completely wrong. the island is now filled with dinosaur people of many varieties and some of the scientists have managed to stay alive, hiding deeper in the forests. maybe there could be one or two dinosaur-people who could speak english and try to help the tourists.
it'll be like jurassic park iii meets rise of the planet of the apes meets the island of doctor moreau.
a downvote? i'll call the brute squad on you!
mom and dad are proud.
favorite scene of all-time is probably the three way shootout from the good, the bad and the ugly. everything about it, especially the epic ennio score, is perfect and it never ceases to amaze. more recently i've become obsessed with the drug deal scene from boogie nights.
this will actually be the fifth peanuts feature film, so it's not unfamiliar ground, although the idea of it being in cg or in 3d is a little disheartening. 
dino riders movie would be nice. 
schadenfreude.  that makes me feel better about my own lack of trajectory.  
shut up ham!
those things don't exist.  stop making shit up on reddit!
everyone i know seem to like the twilight movies, avatar, stupid adam sandler/owen wilson/ben stiller/jack black comedies and other such nonsense.
why does everyone in real life have shit taste in movies/tv/books/video games :(
i would have enjoyed that as well.  mutant dino/people?  could be awesomely horrible.
no one i know thinks iron man 2 wasn't good. just not as awesome as the first. 
and i agree with you on transformers. 
that was that ass hat shamilomidingdongs fault. good story but it takes proper execution.
the earth king has invited you to lake laogai.
would've been funny if someone knocked it over with the last domino.
ridickalickalus. like a booger i stick to this.
what a stupid idea it was to let them stand so close to it.
first, you take the graham. you stick the chocolate on the graham. then, you roast the mallow. when the mallow is flamin', you stick it on the chocolate. then you cover it with the other end. then, you scoff it. 
i hope you like it and am curious to know what you think afterwards. if you end up changing your mind and want something faster paced and more entertaining, i echo some of the other recommendations in the thread with the american version of the ring, 6th sense, event horizon,  and paranormal activity.
8th pictures resembles me at the train station reading the departure screen
[alex puts his droogs in place](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v90kpj6n4ew). a clockwork orange.
did they make you run faster and jump higher?
my step dad's not mean, he's just adjusting.
i adore death to smoochy!
agreed. trex would've owned his shit. but that guy cooper carried a barrett .50 cal... some anti-material rifle vs 50 foot dinosaur would've been pretty sweet. 
it's all the animatronic usage. the debut scene of the t-rex is so good because in all but one or two shots, they actually have a life-size t-rex robot on set. the only time it's cgi is if you can see the whole thing in frame.
that being said, for me, the cgi is far more noticeable now. go and watch the jeep chase scene and tell me the t-rex doesn't look cgi. she's not very well color-corrected in the scene.
i feel the same way. it's a sick movie, i couldn't even watch the last half. i just like getting a rise out of people.
bill shatner as cpt kirk.
reminds me of something i submitted not too long ago. [found it at a bar in a restaurant.](http://i.imgur.com/4cz5w.jpg?1)
greatest. comic....ever^ever^ever^ever^ever^ever^ever
if raptors could pick locks, imagine what these guys could do.
how about a sequel to amazing spiderman if the lizard succeeded?
i agree, it is a disturbing movie. i just thought it would be funny to post it. on another note, who are you to say what is art? maybe you don't like it, i know i don't. that is no excuse to say something isn't art.
i like jp3 because william h. macy really does it for me as a hero type. 
there was wrestling on scifi, too. scifi has always been about shitty movies, stupid daytime programming, and really awesome original series like *stargate* and *eureka*.
a t-rex does not work with long arms.. just.. no.
yeah but that's been created by milenia of evolution *aghem* i mean made by god.
yoshi was a robot made in the nineties...
i haven't seen the 1972 original, but steven soderbergh's recent remake of solaris was fantastic.
that looks pretty rad, actually. what's scarier than dinosaurs? dinosaur-human mutant hybrids.
i thought the serpents were formed from the maggots on the dirt when they enter the room...they show them moving around in it too...so could that just be happening by chance and insted it just turns anyhing it makes contact with into a monster like the other scientist????
the shawshank redemption, pretty much all of it, but especially near the end when red is reading the letter that andy stashed for him. "dear red - if you're reading this, then you've gotten out, and if you've come this far, if you're willing to come a bit further..."
i would watch the fucking shit out of that on a god damn daily basis. 
based on science from the 50s, yes. on a tangent, this is making me wonder how much wire was on apollo spacecraft...
looks a lot like far cry. albeit a year apart
007?
yeah, the sixth sense is definitely one of my favorite scary movies.  i haven't seen event horizon but we'll probably check it out!
that's cool, any news on dredd 2? ( ._.)
illustrations look like they were done by [cary nord](http://www.strangekidsclub.com/2011/08/19/fan-art-friday-by-crom-cary-nords-awesome-conan-artwork/)
if i had to guess i would say they included breaks and planning in the estimate. so yeah, that does seem misleading.
i really think this could have been really cool. jurassic park + the island of dr. moreau?
my only concern was if joe killed himself, older joe never existed to shoot the kid?
okay...who fucked the dinosaur.
i thought iron man 2 was just as good, and even better in some aspects, than the first one.
you play baseball like a girl!!!
jeff goldblum with raptor legs? i will personally fund this movie.
easy enough to pull up if it was glued
and they always could have just switched it afterwards
the third one wasn't that good either.  there was a scene where this building would just not fall over.  i was like, "goddammit there is nothing holding that thing together anymore just fucking fall already!"
well, jurassic park is about a genetic research project gone awry, what's stopping them from mixing in human dna now? jurassic park was never terribly accurate.
oh hollywood you drunk.
this was in /r/til like last week.
til the best jurassic park was never produced.
"no force on earth or heaven could get me on that island."
maybe except the same exact thing that got him on the first island: money.
that’s the first time i read that: “structural integrity”… that sounds like it was a fat man in a group of children all standing on a seesaw.
the whole "no one can define art" thing is baloney. art has to have meaning. if i take my fecal matter and rub it all over a wall, it's not art.
i thought the new pink panther was pretty funny. i mean, it doesn't compare to the originals, but it still had humorous value. i lost my shit in the scene where closeau farts in what he thought was a soundproof room.
what kind of question is that? of course they did!
wrong. i believe i have a moral obligation never to let someone who likes "the last airbender" movie to procreate.
but in all seriousness, i did like all the others ones.
how times change
now i have an excuse to rewatch all the episodes of the shield. 
when people at school thought tron: legacy was a good movie.
chasing amy is the only view askew movie i have't seen, aside from dogma.
was it any good?
even i always forget about adaptation and i love that movie to death. 
they gain with every expansion, then lose over time as people get tired of it. but they are losing more than they gain over the past few years. wotlk was good. cataclysm was a great attempt, really reviving the franchise by making all the old world worth re-exploring (basically a fucking massive map pack with two new characters and loads of achievements/quests), although i didn't get it, and kung fu panderia it an attempt to do something whacky and different tor revive it again. 
so, while i do not want this to be jurassic park 4, i do want to see it in imax 3d in 2015 as dinomen fight harder. can someone makes this happen? 
cross-breeding humans and dinosaurs?
wouldn’t that be dangerous and painful, not to mention nearly impossible with the larger dinosaurs?
i thought so. they *did* guarantee it
[meh, tim burton almost made a superman movie starring nic cage.](http://collider.com/superman-lives-costume-image-tim-burton-nicolas-cage/57349/)
?
looks like the rebooted spiderman's lizard.
well, it does insist upon itself.
there is. kickstarter can be used to fund movies.
unleashed with jet li was one of the first films that made me decide i want to become a director of photography. that and shutter island.
wait, is this supposed to be terrible or something?  this sounds fucking awesome.
you call that shameless?!? 
come visit /r/soda! the moderators have *seen* jurassic park before!
first person mode made it for me, to be honest.
oh shit. will liam gain even more weight? and will his daughter replace him and throw grenades all over istanbul? 
those look like carlos huante drawings.
that's a big fuckin chicken.
i do! that shit happens to me all the time.  i've always wondered if it happens to other people and they just don't notice or if it's just coincidence or what?  i'm imminently curious
everyone forgets die hard 4. wish i could too.
the entire beginning of the 2010 a-team. *adios, motherfuckers!*
there ar tons more, just none i could think of.
opening scene of inglorious bastardes.
mother. of. god.  (in a bad way.)
smashing pumpkins have been my favorite band for 15 years, though i say that reluctantly now because i can't escape how big of an ass billy corgan is. there are tons of stories, from him being rude to fans, to him being a complete asshole to his bandmates (although to be fair, the other members had a lot of issues themselves). my personal story is from the zwan days. i went to a zwan concert, and very excitedly waited out by the tour bus afterwards, as many fans will do. when billy finally came out, he motioned for the small crowd to quiet down, and because they did not do so immediately (and i mean **immediately** - about 1 second), he turned away, got on the bus and that was it.  
except that she (and that accent) were one of the weaker points of *the prestige* and bill murray outshined her by far (in my opinion) in *lost in translation*. haven't seen match point, so i'll take your word for it.
that's your opinion. you're entitled to that.
excuse me... professional domino assemblers??
if you like bureaucracy and a love story that's worse than an adam sandler movie
i can't stand the urge for directors stuffing in the rise of christianity or especally in anything dealing with rome. or playing off the roman gods as blatantly false and the christian faith as obviously real. people in rome actually believed in their gods, and power in power exploited religion, like they do now.
probably a leftover from the hayes code, but was i thankful when they scrapped the christ storyline from the rome tv series.
the amount of anger you feel at my statement is amusing.
i picture you as either an overweight or underweight, nerdy nigel type wow fanboy, sitting at his computer with a scowl, indignant that i would dare sully the name of the wow franchise, trying to belittle me with an intelligent response that adequately demonstrates your distaste. however, in the cloud of red rage induced fury that envelops your mind, all you are able to utter is some bad sarcasm followed by "are you a fucking moron?".
go play with your pandas, kid. 
ctrl-f far-cry: was not disappoint.
don't be hating. even the original *predator* started off as rocky v ( [no, really!](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093773/faq#.2.1.12) ), and *die hard* was a scrapped *commando* sequel, and *cyborg* was made from the unused sets of the sequel to *masters of the universe*. 
it's a crazy world out there, anything is possible. sometimes it's even *good*.
thanks for the nightmares.
christopher mcquarrie
i'd like to see a showdown between triceratops guy and t-rex guy.
i'd like to see a showdown between triceratops guy and t-rex guy.
i don't get it....how are guys who make pizzas qualified to do this?
i would totally watch it.
to be true, "the godfather" *is* kind of boring. if you are not in the mood of learning the traditions of american mafia you can easily fell asleep during the scenes of marlon brando saying (while petting a cat or eating spaghetti) that this or that guy disonored him. 
8 mile. im not the biggest rap fan, but i still think it's a great screenplay that was directed amazingly
beavis and butthead do america.
*the animation's crappy! they're too fucking stupid! family guy is so much better!*
no one'll give it a chance, dammit.
armageddon
of course i need to figure out a badass way to get pulled over in the first place. any ideas?
when my best friend / roommate told me he would never watch animal house because "college humor isn't funny."
i died that day...
deathclaws? i'd watch that.
i think this actually would be a great story line as long as they don't call it "jurassic park 4" and let it have nothing to do with the other movies. just a stand alone movie.
people with glass usernames ought not to throw stones.
"gently wafting curtains"
fucking loved that show
he removes it. whoa. 
jay and silent bob strike back.
said fleshlightchronicles
"inception is stupid because it's too high budget."
"the dark knight is dumb because batman is the wrong hero to spend all that money on." 
man, i was pissed.
i wanted so bad to like this show. gave it 4 weeks since my dvr just kept recording it and had zero interest in seeing it develop. every episode the characters had different personalities than the one prior and the whole thing was just awful. utter dissapointment.
i don't think "cross-breeding" is the right term here? combining genetic material maybe?
as a jurassic park movie, no thank you. however, as a stand-alone project, this looks interesting. the triceratops (for the lack of a better name) looks interesting.
yeah that part 
what was that editor thinking?  was one continuous shot of kevin smith really so plain that it had to be changed to shaky cam for a few seconds at random.
what about moonstruck? 8mm? matchstick men? adaptation?
and the rest of the series.
after watching this ive reevaluated my opinion of this film...greatest cinematic adventure to date
i think ursula k leguin claims the crown to butchery of the legacy-only because she was lured into giving up rights with a clause of creative consultant for the sci-fi (not yet syfy...) miniseries. too bad her consultant position had no teeth. but hey, marketing knew what it was doing /s
i always wondered: what does the domino that doesn't fall symbolize? 
if i remember correctly, fox said they were claiming fraud on the stock trade, and that it would take a while to go through and get his money back.
why does everyone shit themselves whenever a different idea is brought up? i'd rather watch this than another "oh we're stranded on an island with dinosaurs" rehash of the first movie.
want to see a [big fucking cock](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-c6lnvh6em-m/tae6bbiduei/aaaaaaaaeaq/1i03wrg90sm/s400/big%2bchicken.jpg)?
godamn i love that skyfall poster. i cannot wait, i really think it could be the best bond in past 20 years.
oh gee! i sure love shining, [a very touching film!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os6raccmafk&amp;feature=player_embedded)
i genuinely don't put too much stock in which individual movies somebody likes.  i mean, at times i'd rather listen to what some fedora neckbeard/yolo sorority girl thought of the dark knight/the notebook then listen to this drunk shit prattle on about pasolini.
is this here because one of the manosaurs looks a bit like billy corgan? 
aside from that: they're a cracking band, i just have to forget that billy corgan is billy corgan and all is well. 
nah man, they can't afford more than one camera.  that's insane. 
[here's the only thing going through my mind when i thought of how many cameras they had to set up around it.](http://www.metacafe.com/watch/5664466/reporter_ruins_guinness_world_record_attempt/)
i have no idea what any of you people are talking about.
firstly, the opening. it looks cheap and it hits you over the head with "message." i just find it cheesy and it takes me out of the movie. i think it's poorly written. i find myself wondering what ethan hawke is doing in the movie every time he's on screen. it sometimes plays at being style over substance though it has none of either. the only thing i really like about that movie is jared leto, and i hardly like him at all. 
that makes it seem like it's one volume of an encyclopedia.
i upvoted you even though i think you're in the wrong thread.
i have and was hugely disappointed. twice. 
oh yeah, that first person bit was pretty badass.
it saddens me you don't know how to spell his name right. 
jp 4 is happening and is currently being written. it has been in development since jp 3 was released and did well at the box office. kathleen kennedy has stated on numerous occasions that it is coming. 
spielberg has also said that there is still a barbasol can on isla nubar that was covered in mud in the original jp. his entire reason for having that shot in the movie was to set up a sequel. his plan for "the lost world" was to have some scientists searching for the canister, and that's what eventually spawns the new dinosaurs, but he ultimately went with michael chrichton's narrative. he has made it clear that his original idea for jp 2 could eventually be used in another jp film.
til i will never have an original thought ever again, as both my replies were the top comment and its reply 
i enjoy the new star wars trilogy and kingdom of crystal skull so i am thankful for their existence. 
this is probably the most beautiful and spiritual movie about human suffering and war. usually war movies are gritty and awful and give you a sense of dread, the things this movie makes you feel are so unique.
as one of the seven or so people who watched jurassic park 3, i can say that this would have been an improvement. 
i have a great idea for this...cast jeremy renner as another cia operative from the same program as mills...and have his family kidnapped.
haha! 
that would take forever xd
thanks!
this was the premise to one of universal studios halloween horror nights a few years back. in the jurrassic park part there were half humans half dinosaurs around the area. (i wish i had gone that year or any year)
because cgi always looks better than practical. 
"i was perfect" scene from black swan
charles m. schulz is crying in his grave right now.
they're going to kill the peanuts.
yeah, but taken 2 has:
a. liam neeson
b. liam neeson
and of course:
c. liam neeson
the scene where ash battles and, later, cuts off his own hand in *evil dead 2*.
i enjoyed tf1. it wasn't a great movie, but it didn't kill my childhood either. it was hollywood-ified and i didn't expect it to be much more than an action movie. i couldn't finish tf2 or 3. between the terrible voicing of the mini-things, the consistently inconsistent pacing, and the awful writing, they were just crap. i'd actually rate 3 worse than 2.
iron man 2: not bad, i'll agree, but it couldn't hold up to the first one.
so muldoon had sex with a raptor? clever girl. 
dude, he totally was. shouldn't have put the nuts in that sandwich. 
you're on your own for that...
apparently 15 miles with of wire went into the apollo
http://www.apollosaturn.com/facts_figs.htm
bout halfway down the page
haha i was browsing on my phone while listening to pandora and it just came on. i briefly wondered if there is some sort of program that makes pandora play things related to what i am looking at.
possibly the new 6 min. cloud atlas trailer. looks amazing!
cloud atlas extended trailer
i'll be honest... i actually want to see this.
as a food lion cashier, my eyes instantly went to your mvp card.
a couple of months ago, i posted a til post about this movie.
the thin red line was originally 5 hours long. after the final cut, the performances of billy bob thornton, martin sheen, gary oldman, bill pullman, lukas haas, jason patric, viggo mortensen and mickey rourke were cut out.
edit: also, some of the actors ended up as cameos after the cut, like george clooney and john travolta.
really mutha fucking professional?
haven't seen the movie but i still had to roll my eyes when they said this in the commercial. 
jurassic park 2 is amazing! jeff goldblum needs to make more movies!
you mean this?
http://i.imgur.com/kq9es.jpg
yah i own it..
all the comments are people who have read the book, i haven't and hated the movie, does reading the book first make the movie better since you already liked the source material?
they're not even aliens though. they're inter-dimensional beings. i agree that it's a sci-fi element that really doesn't belong with indy, but they were not aliens.
saw the first pic and... nope. nope. nope. nope. nope. nope. nope! 
whenever anyone says *click* was the saddest movie they have ever seen. happens way too much, unfortunately. 
shoot someone in your backseat. 
[where the wild things are](http://youtu.be/gfk7kya_i0s)
[inception](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hp9d6kzsem)
nothing.  the movie is so bad compared to the book.
i could barely stand moonstruck.  cher looked and sounded like a drag queen and cage had the same look the whole movie.  the same look he had in raising arizona.  8mm i never saw because the content seemed creepy.  matchstick men looked depressing in the trailers so i skipped that too.  i saw the las vegas one but god was that depressing.
i am going to see adaptation because one person on this thread said that it is cage actually acting.  
get with the times. mcconaughey is one of the boldest working actors today. rom-com mcconaughey is dead and gone. 
a friend of mine hated "the artist".
why? one of the reasons he hated it, was because it was in b&amp;w.
not gonna lie. i would have watched it.
the scene in no country for old men where chigurh is in the motel and calculating all the different variables before he clears the room where he tracked the package to (wall thickness, room layout, how fast he could open the door). such an interesting little insight, so cold and clinical.
grant: i'm not going!
william h. macy: but i promise we're not going to land, we're just going to fly over it! also we'll pay you a ton of money!
grant: well ok, as long as you don't land and you pay me lots of money...
later:
william h. macy: oh by the way, we're going to land, and i actually don't have any money.
grant: son of a bitch!
he could definitely use more grants... sorry bad pun.
1.5 was awesome, don't bother with 2 though. 
dude tomorrow never dies. the photoshop on michelle yeoh... uuuughh.
the bit on the motorway was epic.
not to mention the rising sea levels or some shit
daredevil
hell. he may be oscar nominee after this year. i've seen multiple predictors have him in for best supporting actor for magic mike. 
if you compare an adaptation to the original work you're going to have a bad time. 
if you could get it to look the same for less money why wouldn't you? anyway i was just asking a question no need to be a sarcastic dick
[the lord of the rings trilogy teaser](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-7x5d3v6je)
when dave shuts down hal. that scene is shot way too beautifully and just makes me get into thinking mode.
basically it would be turok
&gt;did the director even read the manga?
could level that complaint at priest.
[the shining](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6qdqdyy6-y)
it's not that aliens are more unrealistic, it's just that they don't fit the genre. 
because cgi never looks right.  we can always see that it's wrong, even if we don't know why.  just go back and watch a movie that is more than 6 years old, that you thought had amazing cgi back in the day (like lord of the rings.)  you'll see it doesn't hold up.  practical always holds up.  why do you think everyone has such a boner for nolan movies? because he uses practical effects over cgi, so it looks more real to us.  
rahad jackson scene in boogie nights.
the shitty matthew mcconaughey is gone...
mm 2.0 is here to straight things up.
&gt; but jurassic park, on the other hand, must stay about *real* dinosaurs.
i hate to be the poop at this party, but the dino-facts and appearances on jurassic park are shit. not all, but a lot.
p.s if you're wondering how i made the quote formating; it's a unix system, i know this.
damnit, came here to say this.
i see your "daredevil", and raise you a "gigli"
...but in reverse alphabetical order...
says a lot that my mind immediately [went here.](http://i.imgur.com/wng7v.jpg) 
&gt;stiller turned a gaffe into one of the funniest parts of the film.  
  
ok, isn't it more that stiller *made* a gaffe by forgetting his line and just repeating the previous one and duchovny turned it into one of the funniest parts of the film by ad-libbing a funny response?  seems like they're giving credit to the wrong person.
this isn't a bond song that was featured in any movie, but i think that [supremacy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loy1iucy6je) would have worked for skyfall. i also found [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0qvrd3qdgg0) fan made trailer for "skyfall" and i think it fits pretty well.
it's not a joke; i haven't heard that it was one set visit, but sources a few months ago during production and his own wiki page say he helped out with the time travel sequences.  my understanding was he came on just to advise how to make the special effects of time travel be as close to "realistic" as they could while still maintaining the "wow" factor of a sci-fi action/thriller.  if it really was one set visit, my guess is he and the writer/director riaan johnson gabbed a bit about how the effect should look and maybe a bit of the design of the time travel apparatus or something, but even if just for a day the point is his input was asked for and given for the film.
i did this like 2 days ago. mark ruffalo and adrien brody are so standard! (standard as in awesome!) such good story telling, with many many twists. i love the approach rian johnson has to story telling, he uses some of the same dramatic elements throughout his films but wraps them around a totally different setting and time. all the characters were perfect and the application of drama vs comedy is balanced so well. i would recommend it to anyone who just wants to watch a standard film. 
i'm gonna give it to you. that joke was so tightly executed i didn't even see it coming.
fuck that, i want my hoverboard!
they one they used in the movie was the drifters version i think
for something similar see tin man.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tin_man_(tv_miniseries)
i...i just got chills from this. you, sir, are a god damn *genius*.
wouldn't it be weird if the brothers who made bound made a frankly godawful scifi trilogy? and then one of them became a woman? now that's a movie i'd watch. 
honestly i don't even remember the movie. i know i watched it one night and i remember thinking how terrible it was but that's about it. maybe i was really drunk....
wow, that is a beautiful cover.
what if it was called prometheus?
you just said your brother..... (i don't know how you do the concerned eyes but i am making them)
why the fuck do they need 3 years for a peanuts cartoon?
dafuq you talking about 
yeah he really went off the deep end toward the end. such a shame
exactly, when [spoiler](/s "the kid goes all tk crazy, it took me a while to realize what was going on, because i had completely forgotten about it at that point.")
ben affleck should have started directing earlier.
dolph lundgren in a black mesh tank top smells something. and it stinks. criiiiiiime
so many 'derp' pictures.
hahaha! i was not trying to date my brother. swear! i swear! :(
it just doesn't look interesting to me - jesus aside, it just looks like a movie that would drag out a lot.
that would be cool for a different movie but seem ridiculous for a jurassic park film. it would seem like they are really desperate for some new ideas. i still the designs are pretty sweet.
haha!
basically what i came here to say. this sort of reminds me of splice or the fly. human mutations are one of my favorite science fiction concept. but jurassic park is also one of my favorite movies, and the two concepts require vastly different levels of suspension of disbelief and had this been jp4 it would have been a laughing stock.
my thoughts exactly. as soon as i saw it i thought elephantmen.
i hope they don't make the characters into rappers like they did the chipmunks. 
thanks. i've heard mixed reviews, but i'm a sucker for time travel movies (primer is actually my all time favorite movie, bttf series would easily be in top 50) so since you know your shit about primer and recommend this film, i'll check it out. 
reminds me of turok.
not bad, there are a couple of things that my inner film critic noticed though. i know it's important not too be to hard on a project like this but it's all learning eh?
* some of the shots seem a bit inconsistent with each other in terms of image quality, colour and depth of field. did you use a different camera for some of the shots?
* some of the shots were a bit boring and lacking in colour, and although i understand you may have been trying to show how boring your main character's working life is, there's not much in there to keep the shots visually interesting and a little splash of colour often gives something to direct the viewers' eyes to in a frame.
*  a few of the shots seemed a little over-exposed too or it seemed like the background light was silhouetting the main subject of the frame.
* also, the tracking shot as your man was leaving the guitar shop was very stylish but the framing seem a bit off, with him drifting a little too close to the edge of the frame. if you're a film student i'm sure you've heard this plenty of times but try to keep the main subject of a shot on the left or right third line of the frame. for more info on this composition technique take a look [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule_of_thirds).
* finally, throw a bit of music in there, it can really help to set the mood of the film and keep it interesting. audio is extremely important.
sorry if i've come across as a bit patronising. [here's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjz-pwrv54g) a video of my mate robbie making a cup of tea to cheer you up.
you know, originally the movie was much closer to the source material. all of the original elements from the manga were there. the only difference was that goku would have still have been an adult and he wouldnt have had a monkey tail. thats just an early draft of the script though. much like the mario brothers movie, the original draft was much closer to the source material, they just decided to change it alot for whatever reason. i personally would have just used the original drafts
love the use of "outro" by m83. one of most beautiful pieces if music i have ever heard. 
of course \*snark\*.  from what i've read the movie-within-the-movie of awotm is based on a real (and really bad) film called  cat women of the moon, which is available in its entirety on youtube.  so no amazons there.
4 guys and 200 hours? it only took v a 5 minute montage. 
i did the same thing as soon as i saw it at work.  so i'm led to believe i won't have anything left to ask after watching it this evening lol.
to be fair, i can see how someone who had never watched a silent film could have difficulty with it. i loved it, but it did have a different pace to a 'normal' recent film.
i wouldn't mind watching the shit out of that.
i quite honestly hated the new series. i though the characters were far-fetched and unlikable, the korra-universe seemed all-together separate from the lastairbender-universe, and the show overall stopped trying to be "layered" in any way, and just focused on making a clever plot.
anyone one else think this would have been awesome and yet scary?
and johnny told his parents he wanted to be a professional domino assembler when he grows up and they all laughed...
i couldnt get past sheila baboon blabbering like a retard and not making any sense. not sure if its just me not remembering much about the other movies, but it seemed to be a lot worse than tf1 and tf2.
this is a great suggestion
i know it. it's on pico.
someone i went through a whole year of film school with couldn't understand why i though men in black 3 was a plotless, pointless hunk of crap.
v's slow motion fight near the end of v for vendetta
yeah, it's so much cooler than my official release movie poster my friend who works at a movie theater got me. 
i actually was not being sarcastic.
i would've been ok with this if they brought back ian malcolm as the eccentric wisecracking guy (i.e. jeff goldblum as himself) instead of the boring dude using that name in the lost world.
thank fuck this never happened....jp3 was passable but almost tarnished the name....
overrated maybe, but godawful? far from it. sure, the execution was poor, but the story's whole concept makes it worth a watch. fun movie to think on.
i love doctor horrible, i really do!
i just don't get why people are excited it airs on tv?
it's on netflix without ads. its also on hulu last i checked. 
i feel this is the networks way of just trying to get us to watch their car commercials and previews for their crappy shows in between... just my opinion not trying to be a hater. 
one of my all time favourites... it's absolutely incredible
what a bunch of block heads.
it's one of my favorite movies. also, for anyone who's psyched about cloud atlas coming out soon, tom tykwer is one of the directors (along with the wachowski siblings, obviously, but everyone seems to be forgetting about him).
as a redhead, not gonna lie - the special properties that ginger girls seem to possess in that movie made me happy.
capcom take note! this would be an interesting crossover between the resident evil and dinocrisis franchises.
edit: turns out farcry had already covered this ground...wonder if they got hold of the old script or something?
m. knight shamalamadingdong 
you cant travel back in time before the time machine thing has been invented yet so you cant talk to 16yo you. sorry.
to be fair blood diamond hasn't aged well, and pink panther just might not be the kind of humor you're into- doesn't mean other people don't find it funny.
i am not ashamed to say that i would watch the living **shit** out of this movie. 
i don't think michael crichton would be happy about this....
short seasons? you mean british ones? those are always short.
well, minus the really weird mind control stuff and mutant goo stuff probably.  
recognising a bad idea and moveing on? thats not the hollywood i know!
humanoid raptors could have been cool if they did it right, which they probably wouldn't. but ingen ***would*** do some shit like that. 
are you talking about that super bland midnight release poster?
there was a taken 1?  no shit things i learn on reddit.
who are you, and message me your name, if you will.  all of the letters in your user name are in mine in real life, and in that order, despite my user name.
i'm imagining you ranting all of this aloud at your computer while your cat eyes you with bemusement.
pretty fucking cool
i went to see inglorious basterds with a friend of mine. about halfway through hans landa's interrogation in the opening he leant over to me and said "this is fucking boring" afterwards i asked if he'd ever seen a tarrantino flick before, he said no and i never listened to his opinion on movies ever again.
maybe you wasted a year of film school if you can't understand the plot of mib3? :/
moonstruck is supposed to be a melodramatic love story. i mean, he has a wooden hand for chrissakes. 8mm is creepy, that's why it's such a good movie. you get to watch nic cage go from being a relatively normal person to a disturbed weirdo because of the case. also, joaquin phoenix has a great small role in it. matchstick men is depressing, and hilarious, and surprising. do you just skip movies that don't make you feel like sunshine or something? leaving las vegas is about *a drunk drinking himself to death on person and a hooker*: of course it's depressing. that doesn't mean it's not entertaining or a great movie. or even a good movie. based on what you said, adaptation might bum you out so much that you think it's bad because it's not wrapped up neat in a warm and snuggly package at the end. 
i know it's so, so wrong of me but...
*i demand to know where this creature's genitalia are.*
the first trailer for watchmen was absolutely insane.
most recently, i was completely blown away by the man of steel teaser trailer.
dinosaucers.
the one right off main st is...but there's the one on monroe. it was always packed whenever i'd go. dem fish sammiches.
my guess is that tv might potentially have a much broader audience than netflix, hulu, etc. 
isn't he already, i mean clash of the titans, unknown, wrath of the titans, battleship, taken 2... either that or he just can't get a feel out of those scripts, if he reads them anyway.
edit: in fact he thought taken was going straight to dvd and he did it anyway, so...
[nope](http://reddit.com/r/laogai)
http://i.imgur.com/jifd2.jpg
is...is this actually from something?
and the fucking shitty actors. don't forget those
somebody say turok again.
i double majored in psychology and philosophy.  psy-phi will be on my business cards.
but won't the contents of the can be useless when it thawed?
every movie jeff goldblum does ends up becoming the fly.
shitty movie is shitty movie. also had michael clarke duncan and collin farrell.
try getting a reservation at dorsia now you fucking stupid bastard!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owremgg4x3m terminator 4! 
jurassic park was my earliest memory (watching it in theatres), and i have been fallowing the whole jp4 on again off again drama. now they guys who wrote the planet of the apes reboot is working on it. i hope they focus on the magical nature of the dinosaurs and not try to take the summer blockbuster popcorn movie route. 
what are you talking about. there are only 3 star wars and indiana jones movies and only 8 seasons of scrubs. 
the final twist at the end of the first saw. so utterly horrifying and epic.
i could not agree more.  i love this movie more than any other film, and sure nostalgia plays a part, but i have yet to come across a movie that so encapsulates my own childhood experience so perfectly.  you play for the love of the game.  you don't have to be good. just go out and have fun, enjoy yourself, make memories, be with your friends.  
even twilight? or meet the spartans? or vampires suck?
agreed, that scene was great and the million smiths at the basket ball court scene. the rest of the movie was just one big lecture between the first and third movie.
&gt;why the fuck would they ever hybridize humans and dinosaurs?
because of the incident on isla nublar. and the isla sorna/san diego incident four years later. and let's not forget the *second* isla sorna incident four years after that. if ingen wasn't completely bankrupt after all the lawsuits, they probably faced being shutdown from the government for doing untold amounts of dangerous shit to hundreds of people and the environment (some of it on american soil no less-- the san diego incident would have become as famous as 9/11 or pearl harbor-- you can't sweep that under the rug). it's conceivable that ingen offered the idea of genetically enhanced super soldiers to the government in exchange for not being completely shut down.
i'm not saying this would have made for a good jurassic park 4, but it really isn't fair to assume dinosaur/human hybrids were made at any point before this hypothetical sequel.
urface on the other hand, is an ownable trademark.
the what trilogy, who and the what of what, and season what? never heard of them. 
i just saw looper about a week ago then i watched brick a few days. i think its time for brothers bloom soon.
(more info in the comments).....nowhere to be found 
he was right.
&amp; that's why it wasn't jp4.
baraka?
i suddenly found myself wondering if i'd fuck a velociraptor.
[spoiler](/s "i would.")
not too bad, seemed a bit rushed though and they shouldn't have nicked music from drive. gave it the feel of a middle aged man trying to dress gangster
or the bible.
jurassic park 4: the jurassacre.
both sound irritating.
never read the book, loved the movie. this was several years ago though, 
i think i'd have to re-watch it.
doesn't this follow the concept of evolution that everyone on reddit drools over so much?.i don't get why everyone's all ass hurt at this idea!?
jurrasic park is now a gantz story arc
can't forget the monroe hotel. i've known the owners for years. and i can honestly say i've never been to the hotdog shoppe on monroe. i know where i'm going for lunch next now though!
yes. 
stalker. then i had to watch everything else tarkovsky had done (including student projects) and read his book &amp; diary, before moving on to movies by anyone else.
&gt;plotless
 
how?
the ear scene in reservoir dogs
strangely enough, i think i would have liked to have seen that movie.
that's your answer to everything!
who wants toast?!
this sounds good... dinosaurs didn't die... they evolved! 
because only a tiny percentage of the world have internet speeds and caps that make streaming/downloading cheap enough and quick enough to be worth it. not to mention the quality is never as good. i live in the uk but the best i can get is about 3-5mbps. there is no way i can go digital.
i actually would really like to see this made!
hey! the hangover resembles that remark!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ia8qroaghz0 - fight scene between clousseau and cato (the pink panther strikes again with peter sellers).  
i didn't know people thought iron man 2 was bad o.o not as good as the first one, but enjoyable.
godfather is boring at times tbh
looks like someone used one of those concept designs for the lizard in the latest spidey movie.
i know! i'm so excited! i'm glad to be seeing more of christopher walkin, it's been a while.
i'm attracted to you, prepare to be stalked!
someone will make it again... someone better. i believe it.
personally, i think that's an amiable quality to have. at least you're never truly disappointed.
my roommate prefers the star wars prequels to the original trilogy because star wars is all about the lightsabres.
maybe that's why we don't hear about bill watterson anymore!
(i deserve to be burned at the stake for that.)
i believe some of their performances can be found online (or as extras on dvd/blue ray). oh to actually have a 5 hour version though (i'll always love the theatrical release, but the curiosity kills me!).
it was staged. the guy who built the tower stages stuff like this as part of his art.
tarantino and rodriguez do another grindhouse with dino-humanoids.
i think jurassic park 4 came out before jurassic park. it was called super mario bros. the film.
too bad i already have the two-disc version of the dark knight and the art and making of the dark knight trilogy. looks like i'll be waiting for the so-called "ultimate dark knight trilogy" that wb has confirmed for 2013.
i should start bookmarking every post that tries to define the reddit hivemind, categorize them, and show you how fucking retarded it is to think there is such a thing. reddit is a petridish for sociology student; it is not a cardboard cutout of an alien celebrity. one size does not fit all.  'redditor' means nothing except that we use a site. the good, the bad, the beautiful, the ugly, the differing opinion and personality types every single one of us. it's all reddit and we argue. we argue a lot. 
for a second i thought this was a joke.
they kinda remind me of the koopa's from super mario bro's movie.
...ichael bay?
i hate the stupid syfy bs i want sci-fi back.
the new star wars trilogy? come on. everyone's being so annoying about it saying they pretend it didn't happen and george lucas let them down. i think it's a bandwagon. before i ever heard anyone say they didn't like it, i thought it was awesome. now all of a sudden, tons of people hate it. 
oh god, a t-rex with longer arms. that thing would be unstoppable.
he is a very good actor!
i've always been interested in movies, from the time that i was a little kid. so i guess films like aladdin, the lion king, and fantasia would technically be the answers to this question.
but going to pittsburgh to see the dark knight rises get filmed was probably the day that i knew that i was going to become a filmmaker.
i only see 3.
the tech noir genre was also named after [the very same nightclub.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tech_noir)
what a crazy random happenstance!?
if you did the slo-mo drug and then watched dredd, would the slo-mo scenes last an eternity?
i thought it was good...
it kinda looks like a mario bros. movie remake.
saw at mpls film fest a while back- thinking this is gonna be the next big hit ala 'dude where's my car' 
this is one of my favourite films ever and it's one that got me into horror in a big way.
life will find a way.
yeah and it work really well for both of them
the sex scenes would have been amazing.
if someone kickstarts this we need pantsfactory to write alexander into the movie somewhere.
are you sure? i was going to say that [this was going to be jurassic park 5.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dkjtjk36u8)
dinocorps, the movie 
damnit, i wanted to say *that*!
haha, i thought it was one of the worst movies i've ever seen.
triple plot twist:the whole thing is actually a sequel to prometheus. 
a simple yes would have sufficed. you didn't need to go so far in depth as to *why* you're a fucking moron.
can we all just agree that this would be a terrible movie, but make for an excellent toy line?
there is only one lord of the rings- and he does not share power!-- jumps on a fucking eagle!
i never saw this movie. mainly because i never read the graphic novel. i loved watchmen, but had never heard of this. anyone recommend it?
the bastogne episodes of band of brothers are what i watch for this purpose.
[well played](http://4.cdn.tapcdn.com/images/thumbs/taps/2012/08/cheers-slow-clap-afeac2cf-sz624x468-animate.gif)
badges- we don't need no stinkin badges
&gt;took 4 professional domino assemblers 200 hours to set up.
aka the art department.
(i'm kidding)
crichton is probably rolling over in his grave right now. 
of course i mostly buy blu-rays now, especially for new releases. it would be silly not to. and there are a few films that i've replaced the dvd with blu-ray, just because.
but i still have quite a large dvd collection that i watch all the time.
as long as blu-ray players are made backwards-compatible, the dvd will sputter on. i'm sure that it will eventually die out, though, just like all outdated technology.
what a user name.
jp was about reconstructing (maybe the wrong word) dinosaur dna to bring them back to life.  now that we did that, it's time for us to merge it with human dna...
i for one would be dissapointed if it was the same rehashed crap that jp 2 and 3 were.
i've never seen it. so thanks
the basement bar scene from inglorious basterds.
there's a directors cut?
ditto
you mix your weenies with your mama's toe jam!
baby, you got a stew!
then they take over the world, subjugate humans, eventually cause man to become extinct...and then this: http://media1.break.com/breakstudios/2011/8/16/dinosaurs-tv-show.jpg
the bit in jaws where the shark bites the man in half and blood comes out of his mouth
46 in 1994.
mine might be in gladiator when maximus says, my name is maximus decimus meridius..." it's right up there with magic pencil trick.
shaun of the dead, that was my first r-rated movie and what propelled me to others which propelled me into studying film and now i am the film nerd of today
that is a great idea! 
til that squints did not in fact go on to marry wendy peffercorn, but instead grew up to be [this guy](https://twitter.com/_squintz/status/179391910274793472).
evey continuing on after his death, keeping the flame alive, stuff like that.
i was 4 when i saw willy wonka and the chocolate factory. i didn't understand that the kids weren't dead when they disappeared in the factory. for years when i would hear the oompa loompa songs or see them, that was the harbinger of death.
this is easy: ruby rhod in the fifth element.  great movie, but i can't rewatch it because of chris tucker.
it'll be doing well to top casino royale
the dark knight trilogy, obviously.
the part in e.t. where elliott comes across him in the cornfield. the screams!!!!!! that scarred me for years! 
welcome to reddit. 
i'm surprised ender's game didn't make this list.  it was in the works on and off for over a decade.
reported for advertising.
the great baaammmmbbbiiiiiiiinnnnoooooooo!!!!!
http://i190.photobucket.com/albums/z195/vabyss/raptor1.jpg
dinosaur bestiality... that's more fucked up than furries 
couldn't be any worse than jp3.
bill murray or owen wilson or both
by the way, my name is wes anderson
this still would have been better than the first sequel. 
"but black dynamite, i sell drugs to the community!"
hmm maybe they have actually thought about the suit rather than slavishly copying the old film. like maybe it is made of carbon fiber, because it is light and strong, also justifiably cheaper in a scifi future. 
when i was 7, i saw jeepers creepers. that is the one movie that traumatized me for years. even now that i see its cheesiness, it still freaks me out.
i do just skip movies that don't make me feel like sunshine.  i don't like depressing movies.  i get that some people like them but it is not my bag.
it's like you put forest gump and quantum leap together and mixed in roman gods to give it some flavor.
and the matrix.. (i know they say they wanted a trilogy, i just don't believe them)
ok, who fucked dino? 
they already had this it was called district 9
"do you think i'm weird?"
"definitely."
"no, man. i'm serious. am i weird?"
"yeah, but so what? everybody's weird." -- from stand by me
"i don't want to be a product of my environment. i want my environment to be a product of me." -- frank costello (jack nicholson) from the departed
"you either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become a villain." -- from the dark knight
what if you were base jumping? that would be cool.
i would have been fine with 2 1/2 hours of dinosaur footage and weird space montages. 
i'm dead serious. those dino scenes were fucking beautiful. 
i had that same thought when i kept seeing **that username is already taken**
nicolas winding refn, rian johnson, and paul thomas anderson
i felt that it represented evey (portman's character) since she was the 'domino' the he had no real control over.  her actions and choices were hers to make in the climax of the film.
it's a pretty bad movie. but it's fun and i to loved it as a kid.   you should check out the podcast [how did this get made?](http://www.earwolf.com/show/how-did-this-get-made/) they "try to make sense of the movies that don't make any sense" and the next episode is about the mario bros. movie. 
sooo, who fucked the dinosaurs? 
the entire car drive/chase/assault in children of men. still gives me the chills every time i see it. 
man,  i thought this was a series they made,  was a bit disappointed when i realized it was just the movie...
avoid this profession, you'll have to [compete with robots](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de4xdovvroq) in the job market.
we never speak of that.
you had me captivated right up until "helecopter".
movie? maybe not, but game? now theres some possibility.
because people that googled "scifi" were not being referred to syfy. 
oh god. that's got to be one of the worst posters i've ever seen.
the incredibles or kick ass, man
that is one terrible lizard. 
no, you don't understand that wasn't my ball!
would've probably been better than 3
there was a fan trailer for jp4 where the government nuked the island but some of the dinosaurs survived and mutated.
or the eragon movie. 
i am shocked and appalled. next you'll tell me you didn't enjoy tree of life
wat?
dinosaur anything, i'm there.
i'd watch the shit out of this jp4. call it whatever the fuck you want, but dino-human hybrids? i want that.
what are you talking about? there was never a live action adaption. 
i think that if nicolas cage broke into directing, everything would be great!
dino... droppings?
cabin in the woods. 
don't worry about the horror. one of the most refreshing movies i've seen in a long time. don't let anyone spoil a thing for you, just watch it now. 
some of us lack the degree of ignorance required or suffer from too acute an intellect to suspend our disbelief so easily.
i found the film enjoyable to a point and its production value didn't make me feel i'd wasted my cash but it took really stupid, unnecessary forks into bullshit mode.
and as with all temporal plots, it died an anguished death upon close inspection.
defending these (common!) aspects of movie failure by labelling criticism as "nitpicking" just makes one's standards seem low, and one's tolerance for poor writing and cynical commercial predation a glaring example of why we are constantly being *fucked* by the entertainment industry.
**drive**. that was a god-awful film, and i will never see what critics and fans see in it.
**the artist**. i thought it was cheap and gimmicky. for movies about movies released in 2011, i'll take *hugo* over *the artist* any day.
**the town**. tepid and about 30 minutes too long.
absolutely everything about this would be amazing.
candy man..... i saw it when i was 5 and my older cousins would say the name 2 times until i cried and thought he was going to take me away in his coat full of bees
2hrs and 46 min till the winner is picked!
i can't watch more than 5 minutes of that movie. not because i think it's terrible, but because that creature is so unbelievingly fucked up and revolting that it makes my face hurt. and good god, how about that clicking sound when it try's to communicate ? i'm getting weirded out just thinking about it as i type this.
holyyyyyyyyyyyyy shiiiiiiiittttt! how have i not heard of this yet? awesome.
i say forget jurassic park 4, if they want to make another movie about dinosaurs, just make a live-action movie of this [dino riders](http://i.imgur.com/pt0wu.jpg)
not to go on all fours, that is the law. 
this rumor needs to be true.
i can just imagine v spending 800 hours assembling this.
*sigh*
especially since it evokes the pulp fiction of the 50's, as did the other indy movies during the 40's.  
in the 40's, the rugged hero raided temples and punched nazis.  in the 50's, the rugged hero raided alien spacecraft and punched commies.  
that's all indiana jones is, a pulp fiction hero filmed by spielberg. i have no problem with the 4th movie.  it isn't as well made, but it's honestly no worse than 2.
feel free to watch the whole thing!
hmm... i just spent 5 minutes remembering the plot of the movie primer, and then 20 minutes trying to think of a loop hole. there is none. damn it.
a thousand times this.
temple of doom - the heart rip scene. my dad thought it was funny that it traumatized me, so he'd do chores around the house chanting "kali ma, kali ma", and of course thought it was the funniest thing on the planet. 
looks like doom iv
http://watchtaken2onlinefree.kazeo.com/
tf 3 was worse than 2 because sentinel said there were hundreds of pillars right after he was resurrected, right in front of the whole nest team, yet sam went on this ridiculous quest for that exact information they already knew. furthermore, it was equally ridiculous to think the russian ' cosmonauts' would give him any information at all, especially when they knew the decepticons were hunting them. they have no reason at all to trust any humans asking anything about that moon mission. 
tf 2 was utter chaos but there was a reason for that, writer's strike. and at least that one didn't base half the movie on a quest for information that was already given lol 
obviously. 
does "professional domino assembler" = "forever alone-er"?
does anyone else thing that the first creature looks like killface from frisky dingo?
here's the scene: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdt163r3duq
harry potter in the harry potter film series.  that kid is selfish.  he can't even share the title of the film, downplaying the impact that ron, hermoine, and hargrid had on the film.  
thanks op.  one of my favorite movies ever.
in dante's peak, when the cave 'caves in' and there's a shot of a bone sticking out of the main character's arm.  yikes.
cabin in the woods
dear fuck those dudes look like lord voldemort. nope.
yes yes.
i don't know anyone who's seen it, so i'm not gonna hear spoilers anytime soon.
the dark knight rises. people kept comparing it to the dark knight. and i would say two different villains and actors. yes heath ledger did a fantastic job as the joker which gave the movie a huge boost. and when the dark knight rises came out people were disappointed that it didn't live up to the dark knight. i was actually pleased with both
&gt;dinosawr
i know. i saw twilight after i read the books and wow, it's horrible. 
i've heard about this. isn't it literally ( ugh sorry ) a parody podcast on film related podcasts ? 
weren't they getting sued because "sci-fi" wasn't copyrightable?
makes me think of doom.
the visor looks all kinds of wrong. 
still, you can't really judge until you see it in motion. 
expectations vs reality in 500 days of summer
or its just a fucking cool looking domino! stop finding meaning where there is none!
he smashed kid blue's hand not the gat-man's
i would've watched it just because the concept art was done by industrial light and magic
thank fucking god for this not being jurrasic park 4.
the trailer for [little children](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iijljd7ch1c) is widely regarded as one of the best trailers ever made.
no. there are 5 lights.
i probably like daniel receiving the blood the most in that movie. because...[well you know.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jghkg4wydnk#t=0m7s)
baraka!
i always thought it represented him in general, and how he doesn't fit in to this new world he helped shape. if i remember correctly, the domino was also put with him on the metro when it blows up parliament.
*"the choice to pull this lever is not mine to make... this world, the world that i am a part, that i helped shape, will end tonight. and tomorrow a different world will begin that different people will shape and this choice belongs to them"*
you're so lucky. turn off all electronics now and enjoy 90 minutes worth of awesome. 
you should add [one of his early roles](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8hbkusekp1qgxd6w.jpg)
kid blue is a gat-man.  there's not just one.  in response to op, i didn't notice the scar.
i think it premiered with return of the king in december 2003.
this movie cost $33 million dollars to make?  that's criminal.  someone should do hard time for making this shit.
i can't even get the names right! regardless, did you see the scar, or did i pay absolutely no attention to the film whatsoever?
must watch!
love this film. i especially love what happens to all the people who spend time with the main character once he has moved on.
lancaster dodd's first processing of freddie quell in "the master" for something recent. disappointing movie, but i don't think i've ever seen a scene that movie, and so fucking intense.
otherwise, the long take scene in "hunger" between fassbender and cunningham comes to mind. 
drainnnnnnnage
just a bastard in a basket.
of all the charlie browns in the world, this movie is the charlie browniest.
it's basically the island of dr. merou (sp?)
but *the* gat man as in the gat man character in the film is the bloke who visits sara's farm. jesse i think his name is
you support obama huh?
cabin in the woods. refreshing movie in a time of generic re writes. enjoy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8pxg5zvgom
god damn what a character
oddly enough i prefer the drawn posters to the photographed ones. i'm probably just nostalgia-tripping, though.
you're asking us to make a movie the movie of the year. it's using our large numbers for your benefit, almost like a personal army. nobody really likes this type of stuff here.
it's also spam if you look at it one way.
the dude is spinning in his grave like a top.
so they used human dna to clone some dinomans?   i like the idea....id watch this
and a cgi marlon brando. 
[rule 34?](http://www.xvideos.com/video370047/pterodactyl_dinosaur_spermo_plasmoids)  nsfw
actually, i guess not. i thought there was, but i was wrong. i should have said i need to see the extended footage on the dvd.
&gt; that's your biggest problem with the movie?
where did this statement come from?
maybe it'll be like ed wood, not so much in the highly stylized area but more in the tells a story about the director as he makes his films area.
domino professional ass....
as cliché as it sounds, i saw shawshank when i was 14 or 15 and i was moved to tears in a few spots... 
i didn't know that pictures on a screen and some sound from a speaker could have such a strong emotional response... it shocked me even, as i love music and art and books... but never had i been so affected.
fell in love with the art form then, and have been loving it ever since.
you know, i probably would've outright enjoyed it.
seriously, right? avatar: the last airbenber quite honestly could potentially make a great live action movie! if done right, though. i mean, wtf was up with aang's name? thong, or wtfe?
now this is a toughy!! im going with either
~
"like tears in the rain" climax of blade runner https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_saun4j7gw
~ 
or the "i never saved anything for the swim back" scene of gattaca https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrynilqrxwi .. 
~ both of these just resonate though me
fuckin hell, and i thought the troodon was scary when i was young.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/troodon#the_.22dinosauroid.22
[i run shit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akndqd0gkau)
so does the director
all i remember from that is the guy arguing when they say their names.  something like "you're mario mario? and whose he?" 
"luigi"  
"luigi luigi?"
goddamn that movie was so random! i was probably about 8 when i saw it though...
[worse? how dare you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtmzkynlg5c)
i daresay the only thing **better** was the [cartoon.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja10xuai3mo)
either you have a horrible memory or you are relatively young.  phantom menace was getting horrific reviews and was hated quite literally the day after it came out.  this is no bandwagon.  they were terrible movies made and marketed for children.
toy story, big, forrest gump, apollo 13, saving private ryan.
why would they mispronounce the names? it's not like they *said them in the fucking tv show* or anything.
there is the theory that they are the same person.
han  dreamed the indiana movies up. ._. 
'dragonball evolution' has left deep scars...
waterworld.
actually, the song she sings is "don't sit under the apple tree (with anyone else but me)".
practically everything in this movie was some kind of symbolism. an insane amount of detail went into it. also, there was no logical reason he would pick up one domino, so there has to be a symbolic one.
tl;dr: you're wrong
i would also have to say that this premise is pretty fucking sweet and i would love to see it. but i'm hesitant to say i want it as a sequel for jurassic park. by the looks of things it looks like an action film slightly on the horror side which will involve people running from ugly, blood-thirsty mutants, nearly avoiding death. replace mutants with raptors and yeah, that sounds a lot like jurassic park. however, one of the great things i feel would be lost with this premise is the "magic" and tranquility that jurassic park conveyed so wonderfully. it excites that inner child every single time you watch it. you just wont get that with a premise like this.
negative, i can confirm that in spite of sanity and common sense bob hoskins and john leguizamo as the mario's continues to be awesome. 
they left the first one open ended. they were baiting a sequel.
oh weird, i had always assumed this was filmed in the san fernando valley somewhere
i girl just shared this quote with me, i find it somewhat fitting:
"the truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. you just got to find the ones worth suffering for." - bob marley
that doesn't even make sense. how could they have made 70% of a movie and then changed it to dragonball? did they track the dbz costumes onto the actors in post?!
okay, let me rephrase. episode 2 and 3 were great. i know the phantom menace wasn't nearly on par with the other movies but it wasn't that bad.
i gotta say that, for me at least, the first scene where the effects of time travel are actually *seen* in realtime was one of the most chilling, masterful scenes i've seen in awhile. if anything i'd say it would be worth watching for that.
it is the fine details! you must look beyond the picture haha
i thought it was dinosaurs (that were not anthropomorphic) with guns attached to them, the first thing that came to my mind when i thought of this was a more "scaly" and full of claws blastoise.
dont forget cloud atlas
and we all thought jp 3 was bad lol
one of my all time favorite films
do you see how that leaves you with much less of an informed opinion regarding certain actors and directors?
alot of people will probably complain about it but i would watch the dino-tits off of that movie.
definitely the batman symbol. v had plenty of time to sit around and do shit like this when he was more under the radar, and he was pretty much insane and obsessed with symbolism, so the dominos made sense. meanwhile, batman was in a shit-ton of danger and was racing time to find and stop a bomb from going off, so he decided to take a break for arts and crafts time on a bridge? 
this is the exact comment i was going to make, i would watch it, but not as a jurassic park movie
i just made my girlfriend watch this movie for the first time last night. she loved it. 
legolas is the son of thranduil the elven king, when the hobbit was written he didn't exist, but logically he must have been around, hence him appearing.
saruman is involved in the white council, which is mentioned in the books and is part of the appendices material that is being fleshed out and included.
i remember seeing this in the theater when it came out. ive probably seen it about 300 times since. oh, the innocence of youth and the grand idea of  the freedom of summer
the entire lost series rode on the back of magnetic island fuckery, and i love every minute of it.
&gt; yes, seeing dna break apart and recombine
doesn't really recombine so there's that. more importantly independent of the silly plot that some aliens leave black goo for some aboriginal alien which turns out to be poison. this is standard operating procedure in alien/predator movies.
nobody i saw the movie with with (3) or talked to (???) had the same interpretation because it was nonsensical. 10 people talk it over and come to a consensus is not quite the same as 10 people getting "it". there's no "it".
it would be interesting to see how that would turn out if they went that way.
jurassic park 4 development conference: 
"so...alien 4 didn't work out so well guys..."
"yeah, i think we'll just let this one sit on the stove for a bit..."
fart smeller!
since it's called "jurasic park", i'd be pissed but if it was just another movie without that name then it would be pretty sweet
hehe, good stuff!
jurassic park 4, bad.... entertainment design quality, awesome!
what was the jeopardy answer from yesterday involving ttrl?
braveheart. 
when they started cutting off paul deno's character's arms, legs, and nose and stuff. wouldn't that have affected his older self so much that he wouldn't even be there anymore? do you know what i mean? i can clarify... i just keep thinking about it too much. 
i can only imagine what you tried before you settled on holyhotdicks.
i appreciate the well-thought-out response!
i never said i didn't understand the plot. it was just very weak. apart from the little annoying things like why it took boris the animal so long to break out of prison when all it took was a pussycat doll, and the fact that will smith could jump a minute back in time to help him in a fight, when he didn't use this advantage to any great effect, the 'big' themes in the movie seemed not well thought out. for instance, what i thought was the most real and empathetic moment of the movie, when will smith learns about his past, has absolutely no reason to have happened. he was told not to go there, nothing changed to make his originally planned exit not possible, yet for some reason he makes his way to the beach to learn about his father. chinatown may be able to get away with making characters know and do things they shouldn't, but this movie can't.
wait, you actually remember the plot in tf3? all i remember is shia labeuof tantrum at the soldiers for doing their work. 
when that dude dies and turns into sand in the dark crystal. horrified me for the longest time.
axe cop and dinosaur soldier approve
when it applies to things that are unlikely to happen, you can employ suspension of disbelief. though this also applies to anything in a movie that isn't trying to be realistic, like a cartoon or certain types of comedies. 
but otherwise when it comes to plot holes or something just not making sense, invoking suspension of disbelief is just an excuse for laziness, apathy, or a simple oversight. 
if you're telling a story in a believable world that the audience is supposed to take seriously, there is no defense for plot holes or logical inconsistencies. 
it's more to general opinion than hivemind.
they can still make it.
find a sexy date, chicks dig hobbits. or have i been mislead in my purchase of hairy clown feet?
[duhurp!](http://i.imgur.com/2wfw3.png)
[dino made a messy.](http://i.imgur.com/bz1xk.jpg)
i am sorry. that's all i see with those two images.
while it would be a horrible title to affix "jurassic park" to, it looks like at least an intriguing action/horror film.
i still have the front of the box cut-out in my little collection, that game got me into mech games. oh nostalgia... 
ok... you got me... i chuckled a bit! 
practice the voice talking into an empty cup so that it gives it the artificial echo.  think about sean connery's accent.  this will train your ear to the voice.  then, assuming there is somewhat of a cavity in the mask you bought around the mouth, just adjust your pitch to make it sound like how you got it with the cup.  
that was real? i thought it was cgi!
i think really any hope of it being the hobbit of the books was unrealistic. as it had to capitalise off the huge popularity of the first. so obviously the producers and movie execs were going to steer it towards familiar ground.
if you want the childrens fairy tale, you will have to wait for a different project, with a different director.
meh.  i see more movies i enjoy so i am happy.  i don't care what movies or actors others enjoy, except for my wife.  
try apartment 143 on netflix, it's a pretty good movie, independent too.
he edited the entire film while only listening to a green day album ([source](http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/dvdextras/2010/10/absence_of_malick.html)).  criterion version of this film is a must buy.
i bet the creators of resident evil would make something out of this. 
check out the comic "elephantmen"
dude i wish i was still as high as you were.
one suggestion, since it's all about playing videos, could you guys possibly put a pause/stop button somewhere on the page so when someone is listening to music and scrolls down, they don't have to go all the way back up to find the video and pause it from there? something like a mute button (but just for that song). i don't know, it would be really useful.
[imdb page for the lazy](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0915989/)
let's all vote for jurassic park instead
why did you think it was so bad?
marlon brando's from apocalypse now.
that scene was horrifying. are you saying he should've died from the surgeries?
i always say, the first half of the trilogy is awesome. it starts going downhill about halfway through the second movie.
^let's ^just ^not ^talk ^about ^the ^dance ^party...
well to be fair with the epicness of lotrs there was no market for a direct hobbit adaptation. certainly not one directed by the same director and featuring returning cast members.
it would be akin to a harry potter sequel in which he is a magical detective who films porn on the side. still a magical universe but a totally different style of film and target audience.
a giant meteor fucked the dinosaurs, at least that's what some scientists believe...
i have separate, more political, issues with the v for vendetta adaptation... you're right though because, despite my issues, it did work better.
imagine being "that guy that knocked over 1 domino and ruined it all"
really? because dna splicing was one of the single most important plot points in jurassic park, wasn't it?
the fact that they couldn't find the full dna sequence to a given dinosaur, even after grinding up large amounts of fossils and extracting dna from countless mosquitoes, so they had to start combining them with modern reptiles, which is probably what gave them the ability to breed. as alan grant says in the third one, these aren't true dinosaurs, they are monsters, created by men.
the short with buzz in group therapy was the most rushed, unfunny thing i've ever seen from pixar. i kept hoping that it was just a doritos ad or something. that said, i'm sure that pulling their feature characters into short films is new territory for them, and they'll find the proper balance.
demian bichir's monologue near the end of "a better life" is the reason he was nominated for an academy  award.  
plot twist: although untrue to its predecessors, jurassic park 4 is actually a deep and complex introspective on genetic engineering and morals.
someone tell daniel craig to look a different direction!
just a heads up, when you are going to make a recommendation like this on reddit, you should include it in your comment. it's kind of silly to just wait for somebody to come by and ask.
no the film vault?
i think it's worth a mention. 
andersonandbryan.com
does have double image for 3d and doubled again for 48fps, so really it is only 1 million feet of directly played back video footage.
they left out all of the first iron man movie, which didn't have a shooting script.
sorry, i prioritized posting a link to the imdb page over my commentary. if you'd like to know why this impending release has my interest, it would be because i've always wanted to see a film about the heyday of cbgb *and* this film has a really great-looking cast. seriously, who *isn't* in this thing?
while i agree, i must say that gollum is one of the few things that really, really does hold up. i'm still amazed by it. that and district 9's prawns are as close to "flawless" that i've seen.
no.  the real question is where did vic go when he headed out of fed hq in the final scene? was he going to bust some bad guys?  was he just going home? where was he headed?
we can only hope with the inclusion of q and, hopefully, learning from the mistakes from qos (it wasn't terrible.. but everyone went in hoping for another casino royale.. which we did not get), skyfall will be wonderful.
the lord of the rings had different editors, one for each film. i have to wonder if the same will happen here.
luh dat argonian sheet
i love you.
i almost forgot about that movie! the scene where that couple get burned alive in the hot spring was the kicker for me. there's a moral lesson there somewhere?
joe versus the volcano
like the locust, from gears?
someone should mow the lawn... 
you certainly don't sound like it if you're complaining about things like slow pace and ambiguous endings.  "werckmeister" and "turin horse" have little in common - the stories are completely different and told very differently.  the themes and the style are similar, but this is true of a lot of directors.  including kieslowski! 
i don't think there is a possible answer because of the confusing nature or time travel. forget i said anything. but yes that scene was crazy. and i really like that actor too i was bummed they killed him off so soon.
not cute. not. cute
reminds me of the flaming bat-symbol in the dark knight rises. are there professionals for that too, and how long did it take them?
they have added in a new shooting block next year, for additional material, as well as pick ups.
wow, i just nostalgia'd. hard.
[**i do**](http://pichars.org/store/8339_original_yesjacknicholson.gif)
the sting. as a young'n who had never been exposed to any "old movies" seeing a movie that was just as entertaining, funny, and clever as any movie that had been made since my birth really gave me an interest in film and crushed any bias i had ever held.
chasing amy and dogma are the best ones, man. they're the masterpieces.
nah jackson made 3 films, because he doesn't want to stop working on middle earth. though i am sure the studios agreed because of money.
i ordered the box set.
the sad thing is, ill probably get that ultimate one too if its cheap enough
doom was an awful doom movie but was a better resident evil movie than resident evil. 
all you need is a native american and you'd have turok.
where the wild things are. this movie fairly high reviews, but everyone i talk to doesn't like it. i love this movie. i know it's not what people were expecting but it's still an outstanding movie.
i can just imagine studio execs sitting back chilling, the room against a large skyline view of hollywood an executive sits.
"they'll never see what hit em, god damn jurassic park 4 bitches, fuck yeah."
he takes a sip of his exclusive aged whiskey. drinks are for closers.
*opens browser*
-- 
meanwhile at central command, a viral status has been announced on a new reddit article, regarding jurassic park 4 designs and information.
watch commander james nashburn sees the alarm reach over 2000 upvotes. 
"my god! my hollywood boss is going to be angry!"
"i'll take it all" by joss stone 
doom wasn't better at anything than anyone.
also, the blunderbuss was a two handed cannon of a gun, while old joe had a pistol, which could reasonably be used with one hand, especially at close range. also, shooting off his hand would have alerted old joe to his presence and his intention, which would have forced old joe to move faster, getting out of range. 
initially it was the barrels, but with the new split added in, it seems to be either up the fir trees or at the carrock.
so be it. i am a (semi) mature 25 year old for the record. i enjoy numerous movies you would consider childish i'm sure; van damme movies comes to mind. cartoons are pretty badass too, i suppose you only enjoy what the hive mind would consider masterpieces, correct? enjoy your 1-2 movies per year, elitist.
i'm shalizzar the wizard.
i have a friend who considers [visioneers] (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0833557/) one of the best movies of all time. my buddies and i give him crap about it all the time. 
we're celebrating the victory that independently created, web based content is becoming so sought after that someone is paying to be able to show it on tv.
obviously we're not excited about commercials, don't be dumb. 
the excitement is about the change in the way content is created and consumed and how widely accepted it is becoming.
i'm pretty sure the answer is "birds"...
i can't watch a movie with brad pitt without saying, "in tyler we trust."
the way they depicted perú, specially cuzco as mexico was insulting. there were actually a lot of bad criticism about it around here too because of the whole alien bs.
you prob should have just written it out on here. haha 
i agree
lol
it's not about time, it's about sending a message
wow, it's hard to believe that daniel craig has been walking towards the camera for 6 years already.
i liked the third movie because it was the first one i saw, and i was pretty young when it came out so it was genuinely terrifying and the cell phone in the dinosaur poop seemed like the funniest thing ever.
that's who is running the industry these days. it's merely a numbers game. if they can make a crap film with popular actors and directors they will do it.
life found a way.
but if you could enjoy more movies, then you'd see even more that you enjoy and be even happier. 
the matrix sequels
well i'm glad that they didn't make *this* into jp4. while i understand the way that they would have liked to have went ("the dinosaurs are evolving" etc), it wouldn't be what jurassic park is about.... and to be honest, i already don't care for the direction they have taken jp as i feel that the books were much better.
&gt;ijatkotcs
that's quite a mouthful.
anyways, while i think the movie was pretty bad, it wasn't nearly as horrible as you're making it out to be. it was cheesy on purpose, and in case you didn't realize, the originals are intentionally cheesy too.
the first 3 movies paid homage to adventurer movies from the early 40's, and since 4 came out much later, and harrison ford is much older now, they decided to set it in the 50's, and therefore instead of going for a 40's adventure movie theme, took it in the direction of a cheesy 50's sci-fi flick.
i hear that profession is quite... attractive.
i really don't know what you're trying to say. i'm agreeing that this would be a terrible idea for a story for jurassic park 4, but on its own, it's kind of a nifty one.
you know, if those were concept art for just some movie that isnt jp4 i would be pretty excited to see creatures like this in an action movie.
300's trailer was the best that i have ever seen. i remember when i first saw it in the theater and when it ended i couldn't even remember what movie i had come to see. and the best part is the movie delivered even after that amazing trailer.
there is a god (as long as this doesn't resurface)
to be fair though the hobbit is very densely packed, where as the lord of the rings, is extremely descriptive and often tangential. not that the hobbit is longer, but realistically there are probably as many events in it as at least 1 of the 3 books.
incidentally when del toro story boarded it he came out to 5 hours and this was minus any additional material.
the last 5 minutes of apocalypse now.
"come on baby take a chance with us..."
