dear lord, is that real?
........was that a lyric?
hmmmm, heartfelt.
they're awesome lol! how many people aged 30+ can sing about how much high school and parents suck!
and i got her.....grocery bag....

chris brown- bed rock
african child......
he says it like "suck seed."
big sean in "mercy"---
drop it to the floor
make that ass shake
woah make the ground move, that’s an ass quake
built a house up on that ass, that’s an ass state
roll my weed on it, that’s an ass tray
say ye, say ye, don’t we do this err’ day-day?
i work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day
finally got paid, now i need shade and a vacay
and niggas still hatin’, so much hate i need an ak
now we out in paris, yeah i’m perrierin’
white girls politicin’ that’s that sarah palin
gettin’ high, californicatin’
i give her that d, cause that’s where i was born and raised in---
makes me mad everytime i hear it.
it's not exactly a great song, but that guy is just ~~anal~~ painfully unfunny to some (me)
anything from yoko!
another example of pitbull's brilliance is the lyric ' deep thoughts, scuba, my mind is free, opposite of cuba.' 
don't forget this gem from the song: "couldn't get michael kors if you was fucking michael kors".

yes, she rhymed michael kors with michael kors.
&gt;you deserve it for crying about downvotes in the edit.

this is the reddit equivalent of punching someone in the arm, and then punching them again for rubbing it. it's stupid and childish, and adds nothing to the conversation other than antagonism. sometimes it's important to point out that people are downvoting for stupid assed reasons. downvoting because you have some weird stick up your ass about people who don't "just take it" is one of those reasons.
mercy: by kanye west.  
you need to listen to some [d'angelo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehgdi5f1kx8).
the line "couldn't measure my dick with 6 rulers" from still not a player by big pun is very stupid. are we supposed to believe the man has a penis over 6 feet long? 
[relevant xkcd](http://xkcd.com/97/)
do you ever feel, like a plastic bag
suck seed
prime example of the kind of shit that makes it to radio these days.. seriously wtf
peter cetera didn't write that song (neither did amy grant, who also sang on the cut). 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_next_time_i_fall

but it was terrible.
and she runs with it. same with all the other pop rap artist. make a couple good mixtapes where you display lyrical talent,  write about some interesting subject matter and put enough passion in there because youre hungry. get your deal. cut a nice mainstream album and then shit out some party songs with a couple songs bout how you made it, how it took work and now youre fed. 
"before you came into my life, i missed you so bad." - carly rae jepsen's "call me maybe".

not only do i hate that song in its entirety, but that line just...it doesn't make any sense, dammit. &gt;_&lt; same with jason mraz's lyric "it's our god forsaken right to be loved." what? y u no make sense?
okay, this isn't hyperbole, this isn't a joke, and this isn't untrue.

i listened to that song...halfway through (around when that lady was trying to play the printer), i closed that tab. my hears were ringing...i couldn't hear.
its a joke thou. 
all i want for my birthdayyyy is a big booty hoe! 

haha i &lt;3 2 chainz
this thread gave me an extra chromosome.
why you eat so much chicken?
okay, gotta take issue with this one. if it were sung today by one of our current pop stars, yeah, it would probably sound laughably bad, but consider its time.

i've always interpreted the song about over-consumption. this is the early 80s, the birth of the me generation, the height of consumerism, the time when everyone wanted more more more and when they went out and put coke up their nose and fucked everything in sight. i don't think it's literally about eating a buick... although that would be a rad song.

come to think of it, it's pretty relevant today too, we just don't have anyone like blondie who can do it justice.
life is no nintendo game
but you lied again
now you get to watch her leave out the window
guess that's why they call it window "pain"

love the way you lie - eminem and rihanna
"i got an ass so big like the sun." the first line in trina's ["get back at me"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3pbbssj_fo) and it only gets worse
so if by the time the bar closes 
and you feel like falling down 
i'll carry you home tonight

date rape??
"i'm so fresh you can suck my nuts, swag." - soulja boy
what are you on about? this is lyrical genius.

and in hindsight, wasn't this the theme song for the rugrats movie? dear god...
he's a "great" guitarist?  he's a pretty good guitar player in a very limited mode (blues), and he's probably the best technical musician among comparably famous pop entertainers, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.
a-well-a, everybody's heard about the bird  
bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, don't you know about the bird  
well, everybody's talking about the bird  
a-well-a, bird, bird, b-bird's the word  
a-well-a, bird  
surfin' bird  
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb, aaah  
pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa  
pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-ooma-mow-mow  
papa-ooma-mow-mow  
papa-ooma-mow-mow,  
papa-ooma-mow-mow  
papa-ooma-mow-mow,   
papa-ooma-mow-mow  
ooma-mow-mow,   
papa-ooma-mow-mow
papa-ooma-mow-mow, papa-ooma-mow-mow
papa-ooma-mow-mow, papa-ooma-mow-mow
oom-oom-oom-oom-ooma-mow-mow
papa-ooma-mow-mow, papa-oom-oom-oom
oom-ooma-mow-mow, papa-ooma-mow-mow
ooma-mow-mow, papa-ooma-mow-mow    
**surfin' bird -the trashmen**
[the whisper song](http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/yingyangtwins/waitthewhispersong.html) - ying yang twins
before you came into my life i missed you so bad.
i missed you so so bad.
repeat
repeat
repeat
to be fair, it is pretty fuckin cold in the 'd.
soulja boy doesn't count though cos he's doing it intentionally.
he got stupidly rich and now just fucks around with how bad a song he can make that people will still listen to.
not to mention he's always strung out on xanax and lean
this song makes me want to set myself on fire. that is a bad lyric and that dude should feel bad.
i always thought it was "denser"? as in there is more to us than just being human.

if not though then that lyric is retarded.
holy shit snacks. did they really win a fucking grammy for that song?!
hahahah that was great... i actually read the whole thing and was like "wow he's really attempting to defend this, even as a devil's advocate this is still pretty bad"

so worth the last line...
personally my favorite rick ross lyric is at the start of [power circle...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksjcf3j2eem)

"if michael jackson came alive right now,

he'd ask you to smoke one for him,

so in his honor... 

(click click blowing smoke)"

when i heard this i nearly died of laughter. michael jackson was apparently a huge fan of the reefer, and if he came back to life right now, instead of completing that tour he wanted to perform so desperately, or attempt to clear his name of what he's allegedly done with children, or hell, make a press-conference announcing he has came back to life, **he'd appear before me and ask me to smoke a doobie.**

just picture michael jackson's ghost, with his effeminate voice, saying *"please smoke a blunt for me, teachmehowtobebrave"*

given there is no context to make me believe rick ross is not simply bullshitting, and instead is being serious, i'd have to nominate this as some of the worst lyrics ever, despite the hillarity of it all.
that one about logitech mice:

"like a g6, like a, like a, g6."

still waiting on "an ode to my g15".
have you seen that cartoon "my little pony" half of the internet has gone crazy about it because " the songs in it are so good" and "its meant for grown men"
i listened to them and i must say: holy fuck these are some of the most poorly written songs i've ever heard. i had to pour bleach into my ears to get that bullshit out. holy fuck, even teletubbies had better, more meaningful lyrics

gotta get my bowl, gotta get my cereal. fun, fun ,fun, fun ,fun. -rebecca black, friday
madonna - i love new york:

"i don't like cities
but i like new york
other places make me feel like a dork"
because they can still enjoy penetration without being attracted to men. 
my pussy be yankin -lady
she is coming out with a new album on dec. 3rd.  i am very excited for it to come out.
canadian here apologizing for drake!  sorry everyone, sorry!
that was actually paid product placement, iirc.
there's a blog that does a ["rap lines that make no sense"](http://www.refinedhype.com/hyped/filter/tag/rap+lines+that+make+no+sense) articles every week (i think?). there are some gems in there.


oh, you touch my tralala,
mmm... my ding ding dong.
la la la la la la la

gunter - ding dong song
yes, that was the song that made her look bad...not any of her previous stuff, right?
other early 90s gems:

"i'm just a squirrel, trying to get a nut, to move your butt."
[drops of jupiter, by train.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xf-lesrkuc)
 
if you're going to use the universe as a metaphor, could you at least get the fucking scale and distances right? 
 
first verse, she's firmly in the solar system. in fact, she stayed on the moon. but then, second verse, she traced her way through the constellations. which means she either just flew in a funny pattern around the ecliptic (which would only make sense to someone standing on earth; from her pov, she's just making seemingly random course corrections), or she actually flew to all those different stars. even at the speed of light, that would take millennia. she may not feel the passage of time (einstein ftw) but train would be long dead before she even connected one constellation.
 
and then she's headed back to the milky way. which is the whole galaxy. it would take hundreds of thousands of years to get outside the general area of the galaxy so you could say she's heading back to it. so she's in the solar system, she's out of it, she's in it again, she's out of it, she's in, she's out... 
 
if you were to go grocery shopping by getting the cereal in the store down the street, then get the milk from china, then get the sugar from the store again, then buy teabags from argentina, then buy orange juice in the store, then get some frozen meals in botswana, it would not come close to being as inefficient as this woman's journey as retold by this man.
i heard a song yesterday and i swear to god the chorus was: lol lol lol. beat that!
you forgot about 30,000 "you a stupid hoe"s
[fierce!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyquj3pghv4&amp;t=0m25s)
&gt;    dear mr. toilet, i'm the shit, got these other haters pissed cause my toilet paper thick.
&gt;i have no fucking clue what the fuck this is supposed to mean.

"critic/shit talker/hater, this is addressed to you - i'm awesome.  people are hating on me because i'm rich (i can afford the expensive shit paper) which makes them jealous.
**all i want for christmas is you.**

die in a fire.
this whole song is so bad, i bet you can't make it through the whole video:

[lil b - pretty bitch](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vayrmjwvc44)


word around town is i'm finer than my bitch
i'm the president, with bitches in my office
head in the morning by a young ass bitch
i'm a fucking goon turned to a pretty bitch
went to the mall with my dyking-ass bitch
she a faggot bitch and she still sucked my dick
yeah the nigga rap but, do he got bitches?
young based lord and i look like jesus
fuck you, that song is awesome.
you see me. it's on camp if it helps.
"uptown gangsta life, made man, 5 star nigga
ya understand me, give a hundred and hundreds
1 hundred" - birdman

i got some money on me - lil wayne
half anus?
house party by 3oh!3

"i'm going to have a house party in my house.
i'm going to pour booze down my mouth.
i might stay up until the am.
yeah, i think tonight i'm just going to stay in."

the entire time there is this like party siren thing going on. awful.
definately, it's just like she was looking around the house for things that rhyme

chorus:
life, oh life, oh life, oh life,
doo, doot doot dooo.
life, oh life, oh life, oh life,
doo, doot dooo

i'm afraid of the dark,
'specially when i'm in a park
and there's no-one else around,

ooh, i get the shivers
i don't want to see a ghost,
it's a sight that i fear most
i'd rather have a piece of toast
and watch the evening news
(repeat chorus)

i'm a superstitious girl,
i'm the worst in the world
never walk under ladders,
i keep a rabbit's tail

i'll take you up on a dare,
anytime, anywhere
name the place, i'll be there,
bungee jumping, i don't care!
(repeat chorus)

life, doo, doot dooo
doo, doot dooo
...now make that mother fucker hammer-time like.. i love that song. i am the worst. 
summer girls by lfo
still love it. great breakup anthem.
[capture that with a poloroid.](/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy_t6joigzi)
in a lot of versions he corrects himself, and it kind of sounds like it in the original version to "i'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual i bleed," and he follows it up by talking about bleeding through the pencil onto his tablet.  which i guess is like the bleeding his soul into his music metaphor.

that's how i justify that line.  i have trouble believing anyone could think a menstrual bleed is a venereal disease, even someone as intelligent as lil wayne.
b.e.p. - don't phunk with my heart

"if you smoke, i'll smoke too 
that’s how much i'm in love with you"

complete bs! 



"i like to f*** s*** c**** until i hurl, i like to f*** everybody in the world, micheal jackson: tila tequila
finding mylene farmer ayear ago was what opened my eyes to the fact that there are huge artists around the world that get absolutley no press in the states.  it is amazing how much good music is out there now that we aren't at the mercy of radio stations.
i am a fan of rise against and like a lot of their music, but in audience of one, they have one line that is just terrible: "we're all ok, until the day we're not".
"she can fuck you good. but i can fuck u betta etta etta etta etta etta ey." 
"gonna party till it's over /
gonna keep drinking till i'm sober"

don't know who wrote that horrible piece of crap.

she is responsible for bringing some of the least coherent songs to life. kind of like a pop song necromancer. it should be dead, it should be buried, but it's in the top 40.

you have likely heard this one, it's currently on all the top 40 ~~shitty stations~~ stations. my wife listens to this category of music, my ears bleed.


"starships were meant to fly
hands up, and touch the sky
let's do this one last time
can't stop..

(we're higher than a motherf-ck-r)
(we're higher than a motherf-ck-r)
(we're higher than a motherf-ck-r)

jump in my hoopty hoopty hoop
i own that
and i ain't paying my rent this month
i owe that
but f-ck who you want, and f-ck who you like
dance our life, there's no end in sight
twinkle, twinkle, little star"

steal your honey like i stole your bike.
"bless your soul you got your head in the clouds
she made a fool out of me &amp; boy she's bringing you down
she made your, heart melt now you're cold to the core,
but rumour has it she aint got your love anymore"

they're pretty good lyrics imo! 
why is that bad.... pane=pain.
i like big sean... clique is a sweet song
    a mulatto
    an albino 
    a mosquito 
    my libido 
    yeah 

~ nirvana "smells like teen spirit"
could not believe this was so far down the page until i remembered niki manaj.  not sure which is worse.
the toilet and menstrual bleed lines were amazing and i loved those songs.  that was back when he was fucking dope.  chill with that shit yo.
you know, i thought i'd see way more blood on the dance floor then this.
even though i'm neutral about them :)
and a bunch of trees

my wife plays this song all the time and i have to make the &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; face like 5 different times at the lyrics.

worst song lyrics ever.
35 cents off a ground round baby cut that coupon out! - craig morgan
"what's wrong with the world, mama / people livin' like they ain't got no mamas" - another black eyed peas gem.
"and i'm proud to be an american, where at least i know i'm free"

til "american" is a place. 

always hated that lyric (and the rest of this idiotic song).
she's commenting on the ridiculousness of people seeing jesus' face on a piece of toast and how stupid the whole thing is.
or "if i'm a faggot spell it right, i got way more than two g's" that was sick
he pronounces it like "suck seed."
&gt;if anything, lesbians probably would not use strap ons

i have no idea what led you to believe that but you are *quite* mistaken.
"burning like a log on fire." --eddie money, i think i'm in love
she's saying, that she's been looking for a guy like him. that's the translation i've heard from various women.. 
"and party, and party, and party, and pa- and pa- and party and party, and party, and party" - david guetta
you can die but you're never dead, spiderweb. -red hot chili peppers
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
amazing. british band formed in the us....so are they a british band or an american band?

also - one of the great bass lines. love it!

also the lead singer was married to [this woman right here](http://www.mypspwallpapers.com/uploads/200907/f/1247128125.jpg).

lucky beggar.
no shock, just great. 

http://www.lyricsmode.com/lyrics/a/ac_dc/big_balls.html
"cause my ass and my anus, cause its finally famous" -nicki minaj
gonna get you like a space boy woa woa woa woa
i'm ready babe 
gonna catch you i'm your space boy 
dive into your heart baby 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klkwn34rc-w
pretty much all rap and hip hop.  total dog shit...
the guitar sounds so bad, i want his tone!
i can't tell if this is worse, or necropedophile is. it's probably a toss up
let's skip to the end................................................................................................................................smoke weed erreday!
if he shoots ya, it's gonna hurt!
funky town... the whole damned thing  
lipps, inc.
i think train has people just write stuff for them and they perform it and sell it. 
that's one of my favorite lines. it's so random and hilarious.
in jm's defense he does write some brilliant songs unlike most the people's lyrics mentioned in this thread. 
that song was totally worth it, just for weird al's version.
i was always shocked by the line in "love the way you lie" that goes "now you get to watch her leave out the window/i guess that's why they call it window pane".
just horrible. and it hurts all the more because you know he thought he was sooo clever when he wrote that.
generally, anything by hollywood undead. every lyric in [the diary](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yl8qjua4rmw) makes me cringe so much. particularly

&gt;oh woe is me, woe is me, 

&gt;i guess i need love.

&gt;hoes ya see, hoes ya see,

&gt; i'm just in a rut.

"when i said that i loved you i meant that i'd love you ferrrreverrrrrrrr!!!!"
this song is only 2 years old...
everything nicki minaj
i simply can not believe nobody has mentioned [this song](http://youtu.be/gjliif15wjq).

&gt;i'll tell you what i want

&gt;what i really, really want.

&gt;i'll tell you what i want

&gt;what i really, really want.

&gt;i wanna há, i wanna há, i wanna há...

&gt;...what i really, really want is a zig-a-zig-aaah.


this blatantly explains what women really, really want and why men can never ever understand them. it's encrypted.
"before you came into my life, i missed you so bad"
-carly rae on call me maybe

wat.
that's hilarious.
i'm going to nominate train on the basis of these two lines:

"your lipstick stains on the front lobe of my left side brain"

and...

"i'm so obsessed, my heart is bound to beat right out my untrimmed chest"

a summer of hearing that shit on repeat on the radio nearly had me losing my mind.
pitbull - i like it
"them stretchmarks on your hip are just bungee chords bringing you back when you dip"
correct.  he got paid by kodak to say that. 
sometimes lyrics are dumb because they're crafted to sound 'smart', and fall flat. exhibit a: "bouncing around the room" by phish:


"for when my hand was holding hers, she whispered words and i awoke

and faintly bouncing around the room the echo of whomever spoke"

that 'whomever' sticks in my craw 
this kind of analysis is meant for 18th century poetry, not lil wayne lyrics
call you up but whats the use
i like kevin bacon,but i hate footloose
a mulatto.
an albino.
a mosquito.
my libido.

yeah!
lol yeah i dunno what clubs that guy goes to where he *doesn't* hear that song.
i know this will be controversial because it's not hip hop, but don't fear the reaper just has terrible lyrics 
anything by "fun"
chased through the woods by a rapist- 
tonight this cunt will pay.
my dick will beat her face.
her life and her cunt are mine.
this slut shall now see.

all night on this bitch i release my piece.
yes. yes. i am the man.
and i will kill when i can.
you can try to run.
burt your done.
run.
gun to your head.
one more sound and your dead.
kick in your teeth.
with my cock piece.

sweet labial meat.
her inside out twat.
tastes great to eat.
dripping and slipping and oozing and flowing with spit.
this vile slit.
will ghost ride my prick.

blood pours from her tender throat.
i left her bound to a tree.
nude. mangled. butchered and blasted.
now these skanks know not to fuck with me
if i had to guess i'd say succeed is a bj joke, or i just have a dirty mind.
horse with no name by america.... all of it.
everybody knows that you love me baby

everybody knows that you really do

everybody knows that you've been faithful

ah, give or take a night or two
im glad you posted this cause i was going to. literally the worst written song ever. what the fuck does paul revere have to do with the song besides to rhyme with the word "near". holy fuck. 
that reminds me of when bennett cerf bet dr. seuss he couldn't write a book with less than 50 words, and he responded with green eggs and ham.
&gt;"yesterday was thursday, thursday, today is friday, friday.... tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes afterwards"
rebecca black - friday 


no, just an insane, mind-blowing fact.
[by 2010, rick astley only earned $12 in royalties from youtube for the massive number of plays of *never gonna give you up*](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/08/31/gema_youtube/), so if she made money, it wasn't from youtube.
worthless couple of fuckwits.
heard a usher song this day. in the text he was very open about how fucked up he was. except money. he still had money. commercial rnb and hip hop and pop is satan herself. 
any recent lyric by lil wayne
without a doubt, "la cocaina" by crystal castles has to be the worst offender. crystal castles in general become a lot less impressive/digestible the more you learn about them. however, i was completely taken aback by how simplistic and stupid the lyrics to this song actually were. the singing has a certain mechanical, syncopated quality that made me assume some kind of meaning was being conveyed, but its actually just the lines

 "la cocaina no es buena para su salud" 

repeated over and over. roughly translated this means "the cocaine isn't good for you." that's literally the only lyric in the entire three minutes or so.
train - american girl

"i got dance moves like patrick swayzie 
i'm the left over turkey to the world's mayonaise"

the sad part is he pronounces mayonaise like (mayo-nazey).

deplorable.
from their website:

&gt;"playing together, they worked out the basic melody. but were a bit stuck for more verses. hunter's mom, judy, heard the song and couldn't get the catchy lyrics out of her head. as the mother of two sons she had lots of experience with boys playing video games, so just to amuse her family she jotted down what became the next two verses and emailed them to hunter's dad. everyone agreed the song had a certain something and it was pulled together into its finished form, appropriately names "video games"."

great job judy. seems like she wrote the website too, and didn't mind pumping her own tires up a little
i think it was supposed to be a play on the words "pane" and "pain". given the context and tone of eminem in the song i think it works a lot better than most of these.
    ha ha ha ha ha 
    yo, i'll tell you what i want, what i really, really want
    so tell me what you want, what you really, really want
    i'll tell you what i want, what i really, really want
    so tell me what you want, what you really, really want
    i wanna, (ha) i wanna, (ha) i wanna, (ha) i wanna, (ha)
    i wanna really, really, really wanna zigazig ah

wannabe -- spice girls

and what the hell is a zigazig ah???
"i'm gonna pick up the pieces,
and build a lego house
when things go wrong we can knock it down."

~ed sheeran, lego house


[elektronik- supersonik](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&amp;nr=1&amp;v=vehls-1tac8).  you're welcome.
we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place we found love in a hopeless place we found love in a hooooopeless place.
wow.  that has no business existing.
youre riding the horse, just give it a fucking name
**please stop**
*too late.....it's in my head....*
all the lyrics from chacarron macarron.
concentrate by xzibit.
your cunt looks so good and my dick is ready - hoe blow!

i splatter my scum on your face i'll be squirting steady - hoe blow!

your cunt looks so good and my dick is ready - hoe blow!

i splatter my scum on your face i'll be squirting steady - hoe blow!

necro - hoe blow
bless that song.
brb, gotta go fap
'im about to go deliver this mail' isnt 'a thing' though, the first part is supposed to be a 'thing'.  fail
"truly madly deeply" by savage garden.
off opeth's newest album, i forget which song, but there's one that's like "pain...in your brain...insane". fucking seriously? this is from the band that wrote "the moor?" cheesy lyrics about morose enchanted forests are one thing, but come on.
the whole storyline of shaggy's 'wasn't me' makes me piss my pants laughing. just imagine, for starters, a girl walking in and finding her boyfriend buck naked, bangin' his next door neighbour on the bathroom floor.

rather than stopping and attempting to defuse the situation, he continues humping this chick, moving around a few different rooms of the house and anointing the furniture. i like to imagine him nervously looking over at his girlfriend with a guilty expression in this part.

presumably without interrupting, the devastated girlfriend pulls out a camera and records the act, waiting until both of them climax. 

she's seen the whole ugly thing. and what's his best mate's advice? "say it wasn't you."

hilarious.
"this song is for all the ladies out here tonight..."

any guesses? ^^^
yep.  the song is about heroin addiction.  
i remember in high school we had to present a monologue and this guy did that song.
they are playing in nyc on oct. 16
wonton soup
vogon poetry!

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vogon
roundabout by yes. basically the whole song is nonsense. here's a taste. i should mention that i love this song.


i will remember you

your silhouette will charge the view

of distance atmosphere

call it morning driving thru the sound and even in the valley
"this is why i'm hot, this is why i'm hot."

ugh.
i did a spit take first time i heard tron cat
"boom badoom boom boom badoom boom

yeah he's got that super bass"
all she does is suck seed
i wish i could upvote this so many times...
"come here rude boy, boy, is you big enough?"

rihanna's most deep and meaningful lyrics.
that taylor swift song about never ever wanting to get back together. like, ever.
some bryan adams song has a line saying -
"even food don't taste that good".

i don't know what it is, but in the context of the song, it makes me cringe every time i hear it, it's so bad.
yeah this is pretty clear if you listen to rap at all. rap genius is a savior for any confusing lyrics.
i'm pretty sure this song was some kind of music class project, it was written by a kid and never meant to be popular, people just seemed to like it.
martians vs goblins - game ft. tyler, the creator and lil wayne.

edit: got the title wrong like a cunt.
gagnam style's lyrics. i honestly wish i hadn't looked up the translation.

i mean, i guess they could be a lot worse, but my expectations were kind of high. 
best version:

https://www.youtube.com/verify_age?next_url=/watch%3fv%3dlvl1fl_lai0
2 chainz is a joke rapper pretty clear. kanye is goat tho.
fuckin an animal- gwar. 

rah rah rah rah rah

-lady gaga
"last christmas i gave you my heart,
but the very next day, you gave it away.
this year, to save me from tears, 
i'll give it to someone special."
-wham!
no, that's not the worst.  but jimmy webb's composition's content for that song is awesome.  but i like the original recording with richard harris the best.
man at least that was before he started cracking his voice for style. fucking why brandon flowers. 
you have just reminded me of a song i thought i'd never have to think of again.  fuck.
10 years ago in grade 8 when i first heard "dead body disposal" by necro. was very disturbed but i do enjoy quite a few of his songs these days.
who let the dogs out by the baha men is about ugly chicks. never noticed until i read the lyrics.
wasnt it lil wayne who said "this rap shit would be hard if n*gger didnt rhyme with n*gger"?
this is the first time i've literally facepalmed, and it was over my own comment.
the entire song drops of jupiter by train
baby, baby, baby...ooooooo
baby, baby, baby....ooooooo - justin beiber
a lot of people here hate rap, so i shall refer to something close to everyones' hearts. i fear that this will start some shit, but...

___

*sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come.*


*corporation tee-shirt, stupid bloody tuesday.*

___

*yellow mother custard, dripping from a dead dog's eye.*

___

i am the walrus - the beatles

what the fuck? i did hear that these lyrics were made to make no sense, but that doesn't make these lyrics enjoyable.
hey, i just met you...
weezy f baby, the f is for phenomenal - lil wayne.
ah, america.
the song was meant to be a parody of itself.  the lyrics were written specifically to be laughably bad.
the scary part is the number of middle aged white people who insist debbie harry invented rap because of that song.
kinda, it's just an "ignorant" rap (the actual term), which is just rappers spouting ridiculous shit because it's hilarious.
surprised i haven't seen this on here yet. 
 the chorus: "my neck, my back lick my pussy and my crack"
"first you gotta put your neck into it
don't stop, just do, do it
then you roll your tongue, from the crack back to the front
then suck it off til i shake and cum nigga
make sure i keep bustin nuts nigga
all over your face and stuff
slow head show me so much love
the best head comes from a thug
the dick good dick big and long
slow fuckin til the crack of dawn
on the edge makin faces n stuff
through the night, making so much love
dead sleep when the sun comes up" - my neck, my back by khia

the whole song is just awful. here's a link to youtube but its probably nsfw.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcmlnyysvo
the sad part is that she didn't write it.  she actually got it from a songwriter.  who i assume is out of a job for the rest of his life.
the word play is succeed... suck seed, like a blowjob. she's only successful because she sleeps around.
immediately regretting coming here. my eyes and brain is burning. 
"girl, you think you're dumb, but i'm much stupider" -lil wayne. agreed, mr. wayne. 
**artist:** inna

**song:** we're going in the club


**lyrics:**
we're going in the club, 

bring all the friends we've got, 

we party like yeee yeee. 


'cuz tonight

we gonna stop the time, 

we gonna break the line, 

we're going like yeee yeee. 




**your move, /r/music.**
only cause a girl with an adorable voice sung it
five finger death punch - war is the answer

    this ain't a test, fuck the rest
    time to set the record straight
    talk your shit behind my back
    let's hear you say it to my face

    i've heard the words roll out your lips
    you little tricky fucking bitch
    the time has come to get you some
    'cause i just do not give a shit

    do you take me for a fool?
    how's it feel to be a tool?
    see to me you're just a cancer
    motherfucker, war is the answer

*and it goes on...*
that song gave me cancer
"my favorite white stripes album is elephant, ai yo, i know thats irrellevant i'm just ill" - illa j 
at least not today! not today! not todaaaaaay
i'm not saying it was from youtube. but it gives you an indication of how wildly popular she is. 5 million views in 24 hours is ridiculous.

i never said or implied anything other than "nicki minaj is in fact very popular."
was gonna say this. he's been with the band longer than barnes ever was. incidentally, he doesn't write the lyrics.
i like it...it definitely deserves more views :)
succeed= suck seed
most alt-rock songs today.  something something drowning, suffocating, i need you to something, bar chord bar chord bar chord alone, killing me, hate me.
"i'm 50 tyson, 50, 50 tyson" 
huh. i just gained a little respect for minaj. just a little though. calm down.
that was not written by them, it was written by skylar gray.
"i'm the best mayne, i did it" - eli
haven't had a chance to read the whole thread but surely there's room for 'ironic' by that morrisette person. the sole irony being that a song entitled 'ironic' lists a load of scenarios that aren't ironic. meta.
"hello muddafucca hey hi how ya derrn it's wheezy fuckin baby come to take a shit and urine on these toilette bowl bitches..." lady's and gentleman i give you wheezy fucking baby...
mmmm, smell that?
now what that smell is? that's right, it's money
go ahead, rub a dick on that shit
i rub my dick on expensive shit
i rub my dick on expensive shit
it's like a dream come true, 
i'm living the dream bru
rubbing my dick on expensive shit

reddit meet die antwoord they have countless other classics too 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ypcdjbzyxo
i'm serious as cancer when i say "rhythm is a dancer"

snap - rhythm is a dancer lyrics

i'd say not getting that lyric and stating so publicly is kind of asking to be mocked. it's not that tough to get.
[relevant snail] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2zdw9me-iy)
"i pick the buck up and buck buck then buck buck again

i will butt fuck your friend then suck up her twin

i put the buck up to him then buck buck and buck buck and buck buck again"


"i told u i get paid by the letter like

abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxy zz top"

- lil wayne - ransom
i just bought a plane with no pilot
violets are blue
roses are red
the flowers are dead
-lil wayne 
2 chains is the best worst rapper,he said" i wish a nigga would like kitchen cabinet"
"i know the game is crazy,
 it's more crazy than its ever been,
i'm married to that crazy bitch,
call me kevin federline"
you are jason holcomb
almost anytime anybody tries to sing the words monster or brain. terrible words for music with very few exceptions. just look around and you'll see what i mean.
the lyrics to grenade by bruno mars. one of the stupidest songs i've ever heard. yet i think it's in the top 20 videos of all time on youtube or something. 
yo, i heard that pussy be yankin.
almost anything by a band called birds of tokyo. the guy just says things that i think are meant to sound poetic, but it's all bullshit. some of my personal *favourites*  
"we made plans to, touch the sun at night"  
or  

"our city is a blaze of neon flair (does anybody care)"  
it's like what a 16 year old might write in a poetry class to escape the sudden realisation that they're too sheltered and boring to actually think or feel anything interesting; instead writing words that inherently sound interesting and meaningful, or at least postmodern and contradictory.   
ugghghghg.  
/rant
[got my mind set on you](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipt1_n-6cl4)
 
[got my mind set on you] 

[got my mind set on you] 

[got my mind set on you]
 
[got my mind set on you] 

[this song's just six words long]
i don't know, his covers of hendrix shows that he can definitely play in other genres; blues just seems to be his favorite for now.
hahaha! that was kind of...off putting. it was so cheery sounding. 
you are so lucky you don't live in germany. everyone of our gangsta rappers is 10x worse. 

some examples:

[bushido feat. fler - frank white jagt euch mit dem bmw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe5amw4p6w0):

"frank white hunts you with the bmw" x200 also "don't fuck the fucker"

[kay one - style &amp; das geld](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hamwbudmmnk)

"i have i have i have style and money - i got everything the bitches like" repeat.

[money boy - dreh den swag auf](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcfm-vwuqrk)

"i get up (out of the bed), turn the swag on, look shortly in the mirror say what up - [continues in english with] yay i'm getting money ooooooh.


suck seed
"look at this photograph, every time i do it makes me laugh." - nickleback. anything by them, is absolute crap. 
are...are they singing ham-hamster? curse you bill bailey!
pretty good....now check out pregnant pussy by ugk
"if i was a sculptor. but then again, no."

elton john - your song
yeah. i like all their voices, but i am not a fan of their lyrics.
we are

yeah i said it we are

this is roc nation

pledge your allegiance

get your fatigues on

all black everything

black cards, black cars

all black everything

-- jay-z, "run this town"
i can't agree with you more. i used to go through a barely controllable fit of rage every time i heard the opening *noises* (not sure what else to call them) in the song. 

**der der der der der der der der der der i got a feelin', wooohooo** ffffffuuuuuuuuuuu
&gt;  his covers of hendrix shows that he can definitely play in other genres; blues just seems to be his favorite for now.

well, i would say that hendrix is blues.
i thought that the random black rapper thrown into the middle was the worst part:


&gt; r-b, rebecca black

&gt; so chillin' in the front seat (in the front seat)

&gt; in the back seat (in the back seat)

&gt; i'm drivin', cruisin' (yeah, yeah)

&gt; fast lanes, switchin' lanes

&gt; wit' a car up on my side (woo!)

&gt; (c'mon) passin' by is a school bus in front of me

&gt; makes tick tock, tick tock, wanna scream


it was so incredibly out of place. and he's an adult. where must his career have been to think that video was a good idea?
shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! shots! everybody!
i was always partial to fucked with a knife. 
mazel tov! *l'chaimmmmm!*
he says dumb and or shocking  shit and he's a genius? has the meaning of genius changed or am i missing something? 
she was chillin lookin hot in her bed smokin pot
if you think hendrix is blues i think you're mistaken
succeed = sucks seed (swallows semen)
a universe without light is lightless - vanilla ice 
and "thongs blue yellow and greeen"
"i ride for him, dmv
stamina, gnc
3 letters cmb"
nicki minaj. that's ... so deep.
control+f to find "cake". 21 results. i knew this was in there.
"beat so big i'm steppin on leprechauns."
-black eyed peas. 

for real, guys? 
"rich ass nigga wit a mouf fulla gold;

rich ass nigga wit a mouf fulla gold;

rich ass nigga wit a mouf fulla gold;

wit a mouf fulla gold, wit a mouf fulla gold."

gucci mane - mouth fulla gold
it's in reference to a blowjob, "suck seed".
but you need another line of reference and the deliverance really matters on this one.
"beez in the trap" by nicki minaj

bitches ain't shit and they ain't sayin' nothing

a hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothing

i beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap

i beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap


bitches ain't shit and they ain't sayin' nothing

a hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothing

i beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap

i beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap


man i been did that, man i been popped off

and if she ain't tryin to give it up she get dropped off

let me bust that u-ie, bitch bust that open

might spend a couple thou just to bust that open

etc. etc.

seriously, she rhymes "bust that open" with "bust that open", "off" with "off", "nothing" with "nothing", and her chorus/hook/whatever the fuck is seriously just those four lines (two of which are the same) repeated over and over again after every goddamn verse.

also, it contains this gem of a verse:


man i'm out in texas, man, i'm out in a-town

then i'm up in chi-town or miami shuttin' it down

it's that new orleans, it's la or the bay

it's new york, philly, and the whole dmv

i'm a detroit player, man it's north-south cack

ohio, pittsburgh, got st. louis on deck

it's delaware, connecticut, it's new jersey got hella bricks

it's queens, brooklyn, and yeah, they wildin'

bronx, harlem, and staten island

ooh let's list places where i am totally the shit and dealing drugs all over the place!
i completely agree with you! 
(cue the happy gilmore monologue). but, seriously, i feel more stupider from reading that. 
these are no bad written lyrics, they are just disturbing...
'real talk' by r. kelly. from start to finish

"back in the ussr" x4 million
really surprised i haven't seen this yet, but "i'm so fresh you can suck my nuts, i'm so fresh you can suck my nuts, i'm so fresh you can suck my nuts, i'm so fresh you can suck my nuts, i'm so fresh you can suck my nuts," souljia boy
it kind of does. only 3 things really make it dubstep. 1. tempo. 140 bpm. 2. 2 step drums (also known as half time drums). 3. sub bass. lots of bass is what makes it dubstep, it is driven by bass.
"he was a skater boy,
she said see you later boy"

- a lavigne, sk8er boi
i very well may be in the minority on this one, but god almighty i hate "pain" by three days grace because i think the chorus is dumb and awful.

"pain, without love /
pain, i can't get enough /
pain, i like it rough /
'cause i'd rather feel pain than nothing at all"

i mean they took every angsty rock song ever and said, "you know what? i just wish they'd be straightforward about pain. enough of this metaphor bullcrap, just gimme a beat! 'pain! painy painy pain pain! / pain, painy pain pain pain!' cut! done. good tune everyone."

bah, three days grace. bah, i say.

edit: formatting
people always tell me that jim morrison was one of the greatest poets that ever lived. and, yet:

"come on baby, light my fire
come on baby, light my fire
try to set the night on... fire!"
- the doors, light my fire
u2 - staring at the sun
"there's an insect
in your ear
if you scratch
it won't disappear"

now i know why bono is number one in the world's biggest crap record.
yep. there it is. ' new kids on the block,had a bunch of hits. chinese food makes me sick.'
"i've seen a million faces
and i've rocked them all."
-bon jovi
[worst lyrics ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bebypiwceqy)

skip to 1:35 and prepare to laugh your ass off

this is a real song haha. i can't not laugh to this
i typed it that way on purpose. :)
and now he has passed the torch to drake.
oh, the rich people want what the poor people's got
and the poor people want what the rich people's got
and the skinny people want what the fat people's got
and the fat people want what the skinny people's got

- shaggs
me not working hard?
yea right picture that with a kodak
and better yet, go to times square
take a picture of me with a kodak

pitbull- tonight

like what the fuck? 
true, finding good music is not for the lazy who only turn on the radio or the tv.

here's another french group you might like: [noir désir](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrgcrvbjybe)
kickin' in the front seat sittin' in the back seat gotta make my mind up which seat can i take?

to be honest pretty much shocked by the entire song

i would pay a silly amount of money to hear this.
"you couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fucking corn and peanut poop" 

eminem - on fire
razorlight: "i met a girl, she asked me my name...i told her what it was".

in case you're wondering, the ellipses don't represent any cut lyrics, just a tiny bit of guitar. thems the words.
oh and i like the "birthday song", and i regret nothing.
i immediately thought of this too when he mentioned them. nowhere near my normal genre but i like that line.
one of the holiday songs talks about santa claus coming down the chimney at midnight.  in the past, people wondered how santa claus could do all his work in one night.  now we have to wonder about how he could visit all houses exactly at midnight.  i am also bothered by the refrain of "happy holidays" instead of "merry christmas".
what the fuck....i was told that dancers referred to being a fancy word for marionettes being played by a puppetmaster...

oh wait, or is that the same?
wait that's what he's saying??
"that's what." - she
gudda gudda on "bedrock":
"and i got her nigga, grocery bag"

i'll just leave this here

[vicinity of obscenity - system of a down](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbcvfx5z3m8)

please forgive me. i'm so sorry.
as someone who doesn't listen to a whole lot of adele (other than what's on the radio) are *all* of her songs about an ex-boyfriend?

edit: some people may think i'm kidding or trying to be funny, but i'm not.  i literally haven't heard a song she's done that isn't about an ex or a past relationship.  i'm just curious.
now i know chili peppers have odd lyrics from time to time... but 

"hey oh, listen what i say oh, 
i got your hey oh, now listen what i say oh"


this is clearly a lie. 
and if these guys can't convince you then check out rebecca black for further proof
well, he's been hanging out with lil' wayne.
[one upped](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qthbui6twri)
suck seed 
suck seed
i don't think he writes his own stuff, does he?

as in 'i don't write shit cos i aint got time for it'.
"i'm never alone / i'm alone all the time"

wtf, gavin.
they had drops of jupiter and thought "fuck this shit imma have some fun"
that may be the winner. i laughed so hard generic cocoa puffs came out of my nose.
no. lil' wayne lyrics are actually retarded. 
the lines are completely irrelevant to each other. 
i always wondered if artists, when penning the song, actually write in the "woo"'s, or that magic happens inpromptu in the recording studio.
shitted on 'em, man
 i just shitted on 'em shitted on 'em,
 p-p-put yo' number twos in the air if you did it on 'em
 shitted on 'em, man i just shitted on 'em shitted on 'em,
 p-p-put yo' number twos in the air if you did it on 'em
all these bitches is my sons and i'ma go and get some bibs for 'em
 a couple formulas, little pretty lids on 'em 
if i had a dick, i would pull it out and piss on 'em

 nicki minaj - did it on 'em lyrics

i agree. continuum was such a pleasantly done album. but then again, i pretty much like anything that pino palladino plays bass on.
t€here have bee so many idiotic ones lately that would never have passed the vetting process 30 years ago, i have no idea where to begin. 
 i still haven't figured out what having soul and being a soldier have to do with each other. 

i don't give a fly fart how rubber the funk is. 

i could keep going. 

bottom line: if you've got a brain damaged chimp who just smoked two joints, and he feels compelled to writ lyrics, don't record them!!! 
i think the same way the song got made - a lot of money.
welp. that's enough internet for one day... 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sat#raw_scores.2c_scaled_scores.2c_and_percentiles  

she probably took it in 2005, so she'd be in the 99th percentile.
sorry
i was wondering if this line would come up.  you can throw nicki minaj, black eyed peas, and lil wayne at me all day, but i still consider this to be one of the worst lines ever written.  i cringe so bad everytime i hear it.  i guess it's because none of those other songs are really meant to be serious, but this song is.  and you throw this awful, awful fucking pun in it?
i thought the last line was a reference to the fact he doesn't actually write the lyrics.
that shit cray
interior croc-a-dile alli-ga-tor 
i drive a chevrolet movie theater
-chip tha rapper
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7v542emxac
i came here to upvote whoever posted friday and i was disappointed to find it not even in the top 10.
in their defense, it is also a soul's companion. 
[in my dreams i could hardly contain it, all my life i will wait to obtain it.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgv6dkv03da)
for me it has to be akon's masterpiece in which he battles with finding words that aren't disrespectful and ends up calling the girl a bitch several times over:

i'm tryna find the words to describe this girl without being disrespectful

 dam girl
 dam you'se a sexy bitch
 a sexy bitch
 dam you'se a sexy bitch
 dam girl


source: [akon - sexy bitch](http://www.directlyrics.com/akon-sexy-bitch-lyrics.html)
i love queen, but "put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead" is just... sheesh.
or... that he actually wipes his ass with cash.
zola jesus' part is especially brain-tingling 
did that actually win a grammy???
that entire album really

go listen to "when you were young" and then listen to "born to run" and just try to tell me it isn't a direct ripoff
taylor swift. take your pick. also, recent katy perry. atrocious. jar of hearts takes the cake though.
everywhere i go, bitches always know... that charlie scene has got a weenie, that he loves to show
succeed = suck seed
to be fair will i am wrote some great songs including this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pih07c_p4hc
this really happened? i thought that commenter a few lines up was kidding! brb, youtube.
taken out of context, it has a different meaning completely of you give the full lyric.
hip hop is represented well in this topic. i... i wonder if there is a link of some kind... hmmm...
&gt; interior crocodile alligator

&gt; i drive a chevrolet movie theater
reddit has an eternal battle between neckbeards and hipsters. you can find them being bashed in almost every comment thread. no one admits to being one but secretly we're all one or the other. sometimes both. 
true story: i feel asleep during their set at the timetan freedom concert years back. so mundane it put me to sleep. 
the casanovas... "i'm into monogamy. because it sounds like wood."
well, my downvote is for his not understanding what a metaphor is, for thinking billy ray cyrus wrote this song.  don von tress wrote it, billy ray just recorded it and made it triple platinum.
especially the ones that like to go to the movies
he's saying he hates fake people, specifically, girls making out with other girls to attract attention, even though they're not lesbians at all. the strap on thing is hyperbole to emphasise his point. 
"suck seed"

edit: what did i say wrong? did i get the wordplay wrong or was he just being a sarcastic motherfucker?
[don't panic](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uxt-fnny2i) from coldplay's parachutes.
i'm not into child abuse but i just want to slap those kids to make them stop
it's like an improv-spoken-words-desaster with the word love slapped over it and watered down til it doesn't even make sense anymore. yes, bad lyrics.
i'm afraid of the dark  
especially when i'm in a park  
and there's no one else around,  
oh i get the shivers.  
i don't want to see a ghost,  
it's the sight that i fear most  
i'd rather have a piece of toast   
and watch the evening news.

des'ree, "life"
the line is a reference to a biggie small's line (on "i've got a story to tell"). dunno if that makes the pitbull like better or worse.

"n*ggaz think frankie pussy whipped, n*gga picture that
with a kodak, insta-ma-tak
we don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat"
i just went and watched the video for this and for some reason i have only one question: in the nineties, did girls just not bear bras to the beach even if they weren't in a swimsuit?
it's friday, friday, gotta get down on friday. everybody's looking forward to the weekend...
i liked it better when i thought it said "i just want you to fart on my young."
i obnoxiously sing along, because it's catchy &amp; i don't take silly songs seriously :)
you forgot the best part of that song.
"wobbly wobbly wop wobble wobbin"
a bit random but there's a song called "starstrukk" by some shit band called 3oh!3
i think katy perry was involved in some way.

the lyrics are
*i think i should know how /
to make love to something innocent /
without leaving my fingerprints /
now / 
l-o-v-e is just another word i never learned to pronounce /
how, do i say i'm sorry cause the word is never gonna come out / 
now / 
l-o-v-e's just another word i never learned to pronounce*


so basically...  
you want to fuck something innocent, without leaving material evidence?
you would love to apologise but you just can't?
the word "love" is impossible to for you pronounce, presumably due to some terrible deep seated childhood trauma?

til this song is about being a paedo.
i had no idea this was even a thing. 

thank you!
pitbull's hotel room service

i check yo pipes

ooo you're the healthy type

now here goes some egg whites


most blatantly sexual thing i've heard in a pop song in a while
the best part about that song is "sweeter than a rice cake, cake worth sippin". rice cake is a reference to chris brown's girlfriend at the time, who was asian. 
ebm band funker vogt have a few [thanks to being germans singing in english]:

shaven:
shaven cunts fuck much more horny
i know this for quite a while
so the juices run in torments
and not only bloody sperm

thanks for nothing:
there is no tenderness
there is just pain
there aren't any words
there is just cry


there is just cry. it was even written in the cover art.
also gothsicles did a song about funker vogt and other band's english:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg3kloqulec
ok thanks
stay calm and drink faygo
prett boy swag - entire song
wait, he rhymes sonnets with hornets.  how's that for bad.  
i'm crying from laughter. this is the best thing i've ever seen. what a champ.
its crazy looking back now and how my music tastes have changed, but this was one of the more influential songs of my youth and helped define my appreciation for the whole genre of punk. the fresh fruit for rotting vegetables album was hugely influential, let's lynch the landlord was another awesome track.
[actually, big sean popularized this rhyme pattern.](http://www.hiphopdx.com/index/news/id.15745/title.big-sean-speaks-on-drake-biting-his-rhyme-style)
the ending to this killed me. great start to the morning!
ruins the entire song.
in case you couldn't tell from the inflection in his voice, that 2 chainz line wasn't supposed to be taken seriously in any context.

plus, i really don't care about the lyrics as long as it bangs.
if i could have one wish it'd be more wishes - kid cudi creepers

we woke up nekkid know what mean? pussy for breakfast. - lil wayne turn off the lights remix
and i'm a continue to put the rap down, put the mack down
and i was like baby, baby, baby, oh
like baby, baby, baby, no
like baby, baby, baby, oh
i thought you'd always be mine, mine
what's the sing called!
elton john - your song

"if i was a sculptor, but then again, no."

beautiful song with some goofy ass lyrics.
kinda sounds like lana del rey. 

interestingly, lana del rey has a song by the same name. except her song doesn't make me want to vacuum my brain out of my nostrils. 
but it's intentionally stupid, just listen to it and laugh like he wants you to, and you'll have more enjoyment.
nicki minaj - "ha ha ha fuck i look like hoe? i look like yes, and you look like no." up all night drake ft nicki minaj
all the sexy nickelback lyrics are high contenders. http://www.buzzfeed.com/perpetua/chad-kroegers-sexiest-lyrics
i find the voice annoying on some parts.


i actually thought that was pretty funny 
succeed = suck seed
stop....now make that motherfucker hammer time.
so taking large dumps, relatively the size of a truck, is a quality one should seek out in a mate? 
   
noted. 
anything by lil' b...

for instance: [suck my dick hoe](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4y-w9eiauk) 

"bitch i look like ben &amp; jerry,
 chain like canary"
d:
erase me by kid cudi(kanyes part)


"uh i'm easy she say hi i'm maria, i did a show in korea they got a new arena.".      


same song a few sentences later "don c said she was cool but don't let her fuck yo creamer. monica lewinsky on ya dress take ya to tha cleaners" 
whenever i hear our governor's name on npr, i have a conditioned compulsion to reply, "i am governor jerry brown."

if it's  robert siegal, i just say, "you're a seagull."
as if ruining chicago wasn't enough
[linoleum](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6axoy4pbusk) by nofx. doesn't fuck around and hits you right in the head
worst lyrics ever should definitely go to blood on the dance floor. an excerpt from "it's on like donkey kong": "my cum's so chunky it's like an oreo mcflurry, i'm gonna f*ck your face til your eyes get blurry". 
yeah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ark)
oo-ooh-ooh, hoo yeah, yeah

yeah, yeah
yeah-ah-ah
yeah-ah-ah
yeah-ah-ah
yeah-ah-ah
yeah, yeah, yeah

7am, waking up in the morning
gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs
gotta have my bowl, gotta have cereal
seein’ everything, the time is goin’
tickin’ on and on, everybody’s rushin’
gotta get down to the bus stop
gotta catch my bus, i see my friends.

kickin’ in the front seat
sittin’ in the back seat
gotta make my mind up
which seat can i take?

it’s friday, friday
gotta get down on friday
everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend, weekend
friday, friday
gettin’ down on friday
everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend

partyin’, partyin’ (yeah)
partyin’, partyin’ (yeah)
fun, fun, fun, fun
lookin’ forward to the weekend

7:45, we’re drivin’ on the highway
cruisin’ so fast, i want time to fly
fun, fun, think about fun
you know what it is
i got this, you got this
my friend is by my right
i got this, you got this
now you know it

kickin’ in the front seat
sittin’ in the back seat
gotta make my mind up
which seat can i take?

it’s friday, friday
gotta get down on friday
everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend, weekend
friday, friday
gettin’ down on friday
everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend

partyin’, partyin’ (yeah)
partyin’, partyin’ (yeah)
fun, fun, fun, fun
lookin’ forward to the weekend


yesterday was thursday, thursday
today i-is friday, friday (partyin’)
we-we-we so excited
we so excited
we gonna have a ball today

tomorrow is saturday
and sunday comes afterwords........
i don’t want this weekend to end

if anyone is interested, the song (and a b-side) is available to download, for free, here: http://avotw.bandcamp.com/ 


tell me what's next?
lil kim's popularity reached its height almost 15 years ago. is minaj surprised that she gets more airplay? 
amazing how often her name is popping up in this thread
soul asylum - misery.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glq2tiul8pi


it's a wonderful tune but the lyrics is absolute crap.

excerpt:

&lt;&lt;

they say misery loves company
we could start a company and make misery

frustrated, incorporated!

&lt;&lt;

edit: formatting
and no one has mentioned [korn's k@#ø%!](http://www.metrolyrics.com/ko-lyrics-korn.html)? 
you a stupid hoe, you a stupid hoe 

today is friday, yesterday was thursday tomorrow is saturday

so you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit,
cause i was high when i wrote so suck my dick.

[when all are one and one is all, to be a rock and not to roll](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcl---4xqya#t=07m15s)
"i'm gonna miss you, like a child misses her blanket." vomit.
i don't think you can really compare *george* romero, wes craven or john carpenter to the likes of cannibal corpse. many horror movies have a protagonist and a sole survivor. cannibal corpse's lyrics have none of that. it's all gore and atrocity with zero mention of any positives or hope. 
where can i get glow stick necklace?
anything tyler the creator says.. golfwang!
"well i'm peep'n and i'm creep'n and i'm creep'n" - dr dre, also in "ain't nuthin but a g thang".

(he rhymed creep'n with itself)
i would say that's an adequate defense of it. i hated that lyric until i learned what it meant. still not great though 
i actually love that line, and sing it whenever i hear it at the grocery store.

i dare you to try to stop me.
i know more than a few black people who might beg to differ that these lyrics are the "way" they talk. besides, hardly even a majority of the lyrics i've seen in this thread are even from hip-hop, and most of *those* are of the party rap variety, which by and large is on lyrical life-support.
i think that was brilliant...she was basically introducing the concept of rap to white people.  the content didn't matter, it was the flow.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0u4g6gs4hm&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=228s

because who needs lyrics when you can repeat a letter.
no prob! :)
&gt; hotel hobbies padding dawn's hollow corridors

&gt; bell boys checking out the hookers in the bar

&gt; slug-like fingers trace the star-spangled clouds of cocaine on the mirror

&gt; the short straw took its bow
&gt; 

  

  
&gt; the tell tale tocking of the last cigarette

&gt; marking time in the packet as the whiskey sweat

&gt; lies like discarded armour on an unmade bed

&gt; and a familiar craving is crawling in his head (...)




marillion - [hotel hobbies](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqbq-a8vatg)




anything fish wrote down at that time was gold. another great lyricist worth mentioning is neil peart. i especially like his lyrics on permanent waves.
its goblins not zombies.
this post has been removed. images are now banned in /r/music.

feel free to resubmit in one of these subreddits: /r/pics, /r/musicpics, /r/albumartporn, /r/instrumentporn, /r/bandporn, /r/metalmemes or /r/lookwhoimet.

*[i am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fmusic) if you have any questions or concerns.*
was just about to post this actually... i don't know the band or much about playing on stage and so on - but isn't this a huge dick move of epic proportions?
and that shameless scion plug 
the idea of a drifting plastic bag has a lot of similarities to older imagery of tumbleweeds. 
&gt; to resist is to piss in the wind

&gt; anyone who does will end up smelling

[out from under by incubus](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5hm1ohnruu)

i actually really like early incubus, but i always question myself quite a bit when i hear that line.
they're from la

you don't need any talent to get a career there

it's only when you try to establish yourself in the rest of the world that you run into problems
also, "it's labor day and my grandpa just ate seven fucking hotdogs…"
   
if you like blink-182 for the profound lyrics in tracks clearly meant to be comedy, you're doing it wrong. 
reel
manowar - die for metal:  
i walked inside so i could hear  
and the guy beside me gave me a beer  

he had his fist up in the air  
and called me "brother"  
said, "my friends are over there"  
shut your dirty whore mouth 
go look up an snl skit where john belushi lives to be an old man because he's a dancer. that is what this song is all about. 
hoes on my dick cuz i look like matlock
thanks for the lyrics.  i had always thought they were 'gggrrraawweggklklmmmmrrroooowwwrrrrrrrrrrr"
the "big headed astronaut" part cracks me up. 
"do you ever feel like a plastic bag" katy perry
i like your interpretation, but even if that's what adele intended, it still makes for a repetitive, boring song. and it might just be [looking for meaning where there is none.](http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/5321869_700b.jpg)
despite dre's 2001 being absolutely fucking fantastic, there are -no- good lines in [xxplosive](http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/drdre/xxplosive.html). which is just as well since he doesn't even rap in the goddamn song.

choice quote:

    bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch
    
    you ain't into hittin pussy, or hittin the switch
    
    you into hittin bitches off of the grip, you punk bitch

takes some skill to rhymes the same word with itself 5 fucking times
i don't think chorus' count because isn't that the point of it
way down yonder on the chattahoochee
it gets hotter than a hoochie coochie
we laid rubber on the georgia asphalt
we got a little crazy but we never got caught

well we fogged up the windows in my old chevy
i was willing but she wasn't ready
so a settled for a burger and a grape snow cone
dropped her off early but i didn't go home
-- alan jackson
if the music in that song wasn't so amazing, i'd agree. but america was just phenomenal. 
"swag me the fuck out
'fore you get punched in the fuckin' mouth
and if you don't get out of here,
imma shoot you, like a deer.
uh
and i like bar-b-que
and if you don't agree, then fuck you..."

left brain's verse in "swag me out"
actually he throws "hunitz, hunitz"
"there was food everywhere, as if the party was catered"

r kelly - ignition
gettin' jiggy with it is a great song.. i love will smith but it's probably because nas wrote the song, and he's one of the best rappers ever.
rip their flesh, burn their hearts, stab them in the eyes.
rape their women as they cry.
kill their servants, burn their homes, till there's no blood left to spill,
hail &amp; kill!

manowar - hail &amp; kill

still a great song and band!  :p
you should hear twista's version "this is why i'm cold"

i'm cold cause i'm hot, you ain't cause you not. this is why (2x) this is why i'm cold. *&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;*
"call me best buy, cuz i got the best buys" - rick ross
anything that rhymes 'fire' with 'desire'.
"ain't nobody fuckin wit my clique, clique, clique, clique, clique..." clique by kanye west. awful.
lyrics are too disturbing too post... but heres the link :d
(lyrics in the description of the video)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trh4zbhzrv8

tron cat- tyler, the creator
gucci bandana gucci gucci bandana
this is a song?  now it is official: i am old.
"im just a shy guy
looking for a two ply
hefty bag to hold my love"

fuck you, train 
actually pretty good from a horror story perspective.  a disease that cause people to eviscerate themselves...to tear apart their abdomens and rip their own guts out.  somebody call wes craven.
my favorite example of this is from bonfire by childish gambino:

"made a beat then murdered it, casey anthony"

(edit: i think some people have misunderstood me, when i say this is my favorite example of it, i mean it in the literal sense not in some sort of sarcastic way where i'm pointing out how absurd it is. the way he delivers it is great.) 
baby, baby, baby ohhhhhh
baby, baby, baby noooooo
baby, baby, baby ohhhhhh
 thought you'd always be mine

justin bieber, awful
this is a blatant rip off of lil wayne.
i read that in his whiny ass voice too.  double fail.
any song by taylor swift
hey - stop wait a minute now hold up -
that's how a bitch get her eye all swolled up! 
"dirty bit" the only lyric they added to the song "time of my life" and it was continually on mtv for like 6 months. its was so shit. to be fair though, i hear the black dude does a lot of charity work so as long as the money gets were its needed. but i never thought for a second they should get any royalties for shitting all over a classic.

edit: 198mill views on youtube.... sometimes i do worry about humanity.
"i'm a runaway locomotive out of my one track mind."
 
--todd snider ["train song"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxvkjy7lrsu)
 
 

"how the hell can a person go to work in the morning and come home in the evening and have nothing to say?"

--john prine:  ["angel from montgomery"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st9rvdtvlee)
just in case some people actually don't realise, artists may use repetitive lyrics to add to the song's "beat" (or whatever it's called). 
think of it like an extra instrument, granted some do it better than others like one more time by daft punk which is repetitive as fuck but still an amazing song.
the author of that song was the first dumbledore.   it's about his girlfriend turning down his wedding proposal. it's a wedding cake. 
i was going to post it myself if it wasn't here. 
he was a boy..she was a girl
can i make it any more obvious?
but he recovered with the opening verse from mercy by saying "built a house up on that ass, that's an ass-state"
michael learns to rock - breaking the rules

on the street you are listening to every beat of your heart 
want to know if it's working and you're still alive 
on your feet you are walking around with your clothes torn apart 
in a nightmare where the question is how to survive 

in this dangerous land 
i'm trying the best that i can 
to be a respectable man 
so won't you listen won't you listen to me 

i'm breaking the law if you don't give me more than public attention 
i'm breaking the rules gonna act like a fool 

on the street you are looking so hard for a place for the night 
all you want is understanding of your basic rights 

in this dangerous land 
i'm trying the best that i can 
to be a respectable man 
so won't you listen won't you listen to me 

i'm breaking the law if you don't give me more than public attention 
i'm breaking the rules gonna act like a fool 
i'm crossing the line if you don't give me time on your television 
i've got something to say don't push me away
family reunion 
what are some other songs from said playlist?
succeed/ suck seed. 

trying to fight my way through reading that post made it obvious why the lyrics make sense to you and/or why you'd try to defend them. 

**tl;dr: nice try, lil wayne.**
this would have been back when there were two sections, not 3, so a perfect score would have been 1600. 
    champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
    i mean this shit is fuckin ridiculous, fuckin ridiculous
    i mean this shit is fuckin ridiculous...

raekwon you fell so far
beez in the trap..be-beez in the trap..sigh.
i can't believe nobody's said anything by kim mitchell yet! patio lanterns? go for a soda? i mean the guy makes amazing music, but his lyrics are hilarious!
 your sky is full of dreams but you don't know how to fly - this is your life by the killers
'yo...put one up shackle me, not clean logic procreation
i did not invent the wheel i was the crooked spoke adjacent
while the triple sixers lassos keep angels roped in the basement
i walk the block with a halo and a stick poking your patience'

aesop rock. 

the guy amazes me with his metaphors. still deciphering half his work.
i don't think he realizes that tom petty is the singer, not the race car driver.

petty rhymes with petty, sure.

is erection supposed to rhyme with adam sandler?
who's dale?
that's pretty clever though :)
"some stupid with a flare gun
burned the place to the ground."
that one kid in the chourus in the back was really into it.
i listed to it all the way and i gotta say .... not bad 




i gouged my ear drums out with a spoon
beyonce - girls
who run the world? girls (girls)
who run the world? girls (girls)
who run the world? girls (girls)
who run the world? girls (girls)
who run this mother? girls 
who run this mother? girls 
who run this mother? girls 
who run this mother? girls 

thank you! i've noticed this "style" of rapping coming up in manaj's lyrics as well. it's fucking retarded and i hate it.
...and the heat was hot...
probably somewhere down here but im not searching through all  this shit. 

if its on motherfucker, then its on g!
if its on motherfucker, then its on g!

you know what. nevermind. this is actually quite brilliant. it is the long sought after proof of the theorem, g=motherfucker.
my sister contends that drops of jupiter contains the greatest lyrics ever written. i tell he that no song containing references to tai bo and soy lattes can even be in consideration. 
"we all live in a yellow submarine!
a yellow submarine.
a yellow submarine."


"she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah
 she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah
 she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah"


"sitting in an english garden waiting for the sun. 
 if the sun don't come, you get a tan 
 from standing in the english rain. 
 i am the eggman, they are the eggmen. 
 i am the walrus, goo goo g'joob g'goo goo g'joob."


i hate the beatles.
not really. it's a pretty interesting song rhythmically.
dumb + dumb = you

kelly clarkson
youtube it. you won't regret.
when we were kids, we called that "the eating cars song."
i've waited so long for a moment like this.

brokencyde - booty call

"get nasty girl get nasty [x3]
and shake it like chocolate milk"

pure poetry.
i actually think lil wayne has some great stream of consciousness lyrics. when analyzed by a bunch of neckbeards calling the words "retarded" it might appear to be meaningless, but who ever said poetry, rap, whatever needed to mean anything? sometimes the way the words sound all pieced together are enough to evoke a feeling. isn't that why we listen to music? 

i'm not even trying to defend lil wayne, as i think his genius is not his norm, but christ, try to look outside conventions once a while.

 
woah woah woah! that's a gross understatement; he also rhymes "mothafucka" and "muthafucka". 


...sheesh...give credit where credit is due...
this song is why marijuana is not legal.
more than likely it is. i think any song before 1922 is public domain. the people that make a remix only can by permission of the original copyrighter. 
billy shakespeare, and he tried to rhyme 'hornet' with 'sonnet'. jesus this is just the worst. even 7th grade me knew these lyrics were retarded.
winner! that is the worst song.
the name of the rhyming method is called "supa dupa flow" and it was actually "pioneered" (but not in the sense of lewis and clark, more in the sense of vanilla ice getting shitty white rappers on the scene) by big sean, who drake gives most of his credit to. 

"would you hose me down with holy water if i got too hot?"  meatloaf. i'd do anything for love. 
as a big hst fan, no. i never would have made that connection. 
the song was specifically written for the movie 'the bucket list', it had to fit what was happening in the movie, so i see nothing wrong with it.
one of the best soulja boy parodies.
[soulja boy- the best song ever](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muaz-huy2jw)
the whole "god was never on your side" song by motörhead.
quote it then dude, that can never go wrong
the motto,by drake

almost drowned in her pussy so i swam to her butt
it’s eastside, we in this bitch
wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch
and if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
now...i hate this fucking kid, and i am in no way defending him...but i'm almost positive this is a parody of the rapper lil' b. his style of "based rapping" is exactly like the way soulja boy is rapping in his video.
"the way that you shake it on me
 makes me want you so bad sexually"

too close by next

the whole song is about dancing with a boner.  i keep going back and forth if it is terrible, or amazing, but i know this line is just bad. 
but i have to disagree, i think the simple piano line, and these examples paint a good picture of desire unfulfilled..."aspirations in the clouds but your hopes go down the drain"
and the "no one ever is to blame" leaves the question open...is that true or just an excuse.  
or maybe i just like it because i was 21 and getting laid all the time when it came out.  either way.
me. too.
"i like your pants around your feet
and i like the dirt that's on your knees
and i like the way you say please
while you're looking up at me
you're like my favorite damn disease"

-nickelback from "figured your out"

this is about as subtle as an atomic bomb.
dude. get him to do an ama.
wouldn't mind some flipper
anything by krispy kreme...

look at his video that he made with tosh... it's lyrically retarded, like someone had farted all over the page, shortly before they had departed and died.
that's not the words. 
buttsex
in her defense, she does this on purpose.
"suck seed".... like, she's an overachiever because she blows everyone. it makes more sense when it's spoken.
i've got cups but i'm not a cupboard.
and there was the first time i heard my four year old granddaughter singing all the words to this song.
this song. this is it. definitely the worst lyrics ever.

"i like girls who wear abercrombie &amp; fitch, chinese food makes me sick."
http://www.copyright.gov/circs/circ50.pdf straight from the governments mouth. 
is he implying kreayshawn gave him head?
i legitimately thought she was "i want you to fart on my young" in that verse. i was sad when i found out otherwise. 
been seeing more and more punk around here lately. keep it up so i don't have to unsubscribe :)
i actually like if today was your last day...
everything from bruno mars...
"pink tractorbeam into your incision" - "here in my room" by incubus.  it's an album track but nonetheless, that's just maybe the absolute worst sexual metaphor i've ever heard in my life.
maybe it's just me, but i don't understand anything of these lyrics:

the dogs were whistling a new tune barking at the new moon.

hoping it would come soon so that they could.

dogs were whistling a new tune barking at the new moon.

hoping it would come soon so that they could.
die, die, die, die

nelly furtado - all good things
"my ice is albino white, i hope yo vagina tight" lil wayne in keri hilsons "turnin me on"
everyone says this, but there is no source that indicates that this is actually true. not that i've found atleast.
"frankly if my name was benjamin / we wouldn't be in this mess we're in"  madonna, "love spent"  this stupid line ruins an otherwise great song.  
god, icp is probably in the top 10 for the worst band of all time.
i swag out the asshole, lol! it's really unfortunate that shit like this sells!
succeed as in 'suck seed'
if i can have one wish,
 it'd be to more wishes...duh! 
fuck tryna make it rhyme!
 -creepers by kid cudi

i'll check them out.  thanks.
there is a distinct lack of [swagger jagger](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdbyg2mrbhk) in this thread
that's the first time i've heard that line and i think it's pretty funny.
looool before i clicked this i was gonna write "she got a big booty, so i call her big booty" 
oppa is gangnam style
gangnam style

a girl who is warm and humanle during the day
a classy girl who know how to enjoy the freedom of a cup of coffee
a girl whose heart gets hotter when night comes
a girl with that kind of twist

i’m a guy//
a guy who is as warm as you during the day//
a guy who one-shots his coffee before it even cools down//
a guy whose heart bursts when night comes//
that kind of guy//

beautiful, loveable//
yes you, hey, yes you, hey//
beautiful, loveable//
yes you, hey, yes you, hey//
now let’s go until the end//

oppa is gangnam style, gangnam style//
oppa is gangnam style, gangnam style//
oppa is gangnam style//

-psy gangnam style 
they hate us cause our dicks is bigger! 
thank you.  
dangerous mcs
"if i worked in a restaurant
i'd shit in the food and feed it to you.....
can yo' pussy be chaka, don't let me speak in pat-ois
and kick you in your face like we playin a game of soc-cka"

pretty much true of all their songs.
"i go so hard, they call me go so hard." -lil wayne.
i've got this on cd single. reminds me of growing up, used to be a dj here in the uk who would play it on his morning show just as i was waking up to go to school. tune. 
any lyrics by the group "america"...
horse with no name, it felt good to be out in the rain...feeling no pain...
we ain't got no beer...
i actually like zac brown band but come on! island song: 

walking with the beach to my left/
sea to my right/
and i'mma get faded at the tiki bar tonight/
then i'mma roll one up/
like my name is bob/
yeah i'm gonna party like i'm a jamaican.
those aren't lyrics... that's the sample... he actually raps on that song, and does a pretty good job. that song is an awesome club banger, it's not supposed to be a showcase of good lyricism.

send me off on the morning breeze so far away from here
feel me rise in the strength i've found inside the warm embracing air
i'm moving slow
like a glacier melting watch me dissipate
i searched for love in an empty world but all i found was hate

worth dying for- rise against
when i first heard this song i thought it was "i love you like i love some baby." it really confused me until the real lyrics were told to me.
me not working hard? 
yea right picture that with a kodak 
and better yet, go to times square 
take a picture of me with a kodak 

-pitbull, great job rhyming kodak with kodak
fair 'nuff. thanks.
"...i love to cock the glock-a, stack up on loot and vod-ka
and fuck your crew because all of y'all niggaz full of ca-ca"
"all she do is suck seed"

edit: as in, eat semen. 
'cause all she do is "suck-seed." 
most of the random black guys featured in 90s pop were this bad haha it's a catchy song though
"if you see something you want, straight jacket like a padded room" - wayne

there's another line from a recent mixtape, some funny wordplay.
he does a lot of stretching for rhymes in that one. 
it's pretty basic wordplay bro.
featuring palmtop tyga. 
first of all, i like that lyric. secondly, when you have a song with lyrics that go "we ain't got room service, just snacks n shit", you can't talk about the killers.
i... i feel raped.
she an overachiever because all she do is suck seed.

that's all i can come up with.
cocaine
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mww6kritey

why must i cry - reh dogg

"tell me whhhhhyyyyyyyy. why must i ccccrrrrryyyyyyy"
uh what about william blake for example? 
 "tiger tiger burning bright in the forests of the night, 
what immortal hand or eye could frame thy fearful symmetry." 

pronunciation just shifts around. it's not like people with "accents" think of themselves as the person with the accent. 
"hit me baby one more time."
not taking away from some great stuff she has done but every time i hear adele sing "mr. know it all, well you think you know it all." i think of the guy from not another teen movie saying "little miss run home to her daddy, ran home to her daddy." i hate that song.

eminem-love the way you lie
"now i get to watch her leave out the window, guess that's why they call it window pain." ಠ_ಠ
piss poor performance perpetuated by the promotion of pitiful attempts to plead the case of the pain of love and loss. 
i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (just whip it)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (just whip it)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (just whip it)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (okay, okay just whip my hair)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (okay, okay just whip my hair)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (okay, okay just whip my hair)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forthi whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (just whip it)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (just whip it)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (just whip it)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (okay, okay just whip my hair)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (okay, okay just whip my hair)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (whip it real good)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth (okay, okay just whip my hair)

i whip my hair back and forth i whip my hair back and forth       												

	
tldr: i whip my hair back and forth 9001x	
["drink in my cup, man hold up, red drink, blue drink, styrofoam cup"](http://youtu.be/lhev4fuf3io)
nate dogg heals all wounds
the [alanis morissette version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prmyfvch2ua) made it worthwhile for this song to exist. 
dance gavin dance is a great band but they have awful lyrics every so often. some examples:

if you're gonna wear the uniform you better sell the fucking cookies. don't come to my house looking for hand outs. 

-dgd on girl scouts

meow meow meow meow, meow, meow!!!

-dgd on cats

i don't do no, do no, do no sluts. i got acid that i gargle for a freah brain stump

-dgd on sluts
i thought you said black-story.


big seans song is supposed to be a simple and fun song designed to be played in a club setting. it's supposed to elicit a very simple response in this atmosphere... get up, party, dance, sing along etc... watch a floor full of girls shaking their ass and guys singing along because of the fun nature of the song and you'll see that it does what it was designed to do to perfection. 

i love deep, thoughtful music and lyrics as much as anyone, but there's a time that i just want to get fucked up and have a good time. that's when i love this type of music. "all the way turned up"... "ass so fat i need a lap dance"... "that's that shit i don't like". all songs that get people hyped up and having a good time with no depth. what's wrong with that?  sometimes we need to just loosen the fuck up for a couple hours and enjoy life without making every event some intellectual debate.  
i've always been fond of:

&gt;i like the way you lick the champagne glass

&gt;makes me wanna stick my dick in your ass
how is it a bad song in any way? i love this album.
hey yo crazy bitch
but you fuck so good i'm on top of it
when i dream i'm doing you all night
scratches all down my back to keep me right on

[buckcherry- crazy bitch]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj6plklu-8q

i heard this in the bar last night if i hadn't been completely shitfaced i might have broke the jukebox. plus the motherfucker who sings it is super fugly.
how did i not know this existed?!
true story
'this is a song about ping pong' i hate that fat bitch.
i think this every time i hear "lovin, touchin', sqeezin'" by journey.  it's a *great* song, until the last verse which goes "na na na na na na..."

why did they never finish writing this song?
i suspected that.

barnes?
reminds me of my first proper girlfriend when i was about 16. incredible track. 
it gets the people going!
one day my brother and i were shopping somewhere and heard this: "i like to call her wet-wet, cause she's always messin' up the bed set."

gross.
i'm so fresh you can suck my nuts! - soulja boy

is it bad i knew this was the top comment before i looked?
beez in tha trap, bee beez in tha trap

upvote for the username
you sound like one of those people i really don't like being around.
in my head, i read this in the queen's english... idk why
or punchline rap. first example is perhaps "so here's another hit, barry bonds" from kanye west's graduation.
if i was a sculptor, but then again no. 
also, how about this live version http://youtu.be/e3er2o5aty8
"addictions fill the table where the family used to sit and **conversate** to the sound of the record player..."

thanks, anberlin. thanks.
parodies are supposed to be funnier than the things they parody.
not a popular song. in fact, next to no one knows of this song. [it might win the thread.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwxh3eedf0k&amp;lc=a4k6crszpihuacm_0w-mikbewnqwyjzpxbqye6djssi&amp;feature=inbox) nsfw.
new kids on the block had a bunch of hits.
chinese food makes me sick.


on a side note, i never grew up listening to new kids on the block, so whenever anyone says something about them, that lyric instantly pops in my head.
"long lines and warning signs
think of all the lives saved by plastic knives
it's naive, but make-believe
we will never lose if we remove our shoes"

--barenaked ladies - take it back
i lasted about 12 seconds.
ok not sure if worst or best lyrics ever but...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l12csc_lw0q

"aoaahhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaooooaaahhhhhaaaahhh"
not smell yo' dick...
every rap/urban street band song ever.
"im at the pizza hut
im at the taco bell
im at the combination pizza hut and taco bell"

-das racist
pretty much anything by millionaires
"big white girl, don't let her bite your dick off.." skrillex
next comes saturday and afterwards is sunday! i bet they use this song to teach preschoolers the days of the week. the next generation of kids is gonna have mental problems
eminems lyrics in the song "drop the world".

i can run circles around you so fast your fuckin' head'll spin, dog
i split yo cabbage and yo lettuce and yo olives, i'll fuckin

simply perfection. i especially like how it makes no sense and doesn't rhyme whatsoever. 

"if i was a sculptor, but then again no" - elton john - your song
the entire song  "she fuckin hates me"
i just call her boo
i don't know her whole name
keep it on the low mane
all we eat is lo mien
i thought you were writing out the cures' friday i'm in love.     
i then remembered we're in a thread of awful songs and was then reliefully glad you knew the lyrics to something horrible. sorry to bother you, now. continue your shallow, meaningless existence. 
the lyrics of that song whistle by that dickfuck florida
when people ask me what my least favourite song of all time is, i wish out hesitation say, "my humps". alanis morisette's cover of it really showed how horrible that song is.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prmyfvch2ua
eminems lyrics in the song "drop the world".

"i can run circles around you so fast your fuckin' head'll spin, dog
i split yo cabbage and yo lettuce and yo olives, i'll fuckin"

simply perfection. i especially like how it makes no sense and doesn't rhyme whatsoever. 

i'm gunna miss you like a child misses its blankie makes me cringe every time! 
haha i know, no offence made to anyone with mental disabilities it's just he looks at you with that face and you can't help it
it's a great song but the first two lines of "war pigs" by black sabbath go like this:

generals gathered in their masses
just like witches at black masses

i mean i guess the word "masses" has different meanings in each line but seriously they rhymed "masses" with "masses".
this first time i heard this song, i thought he was saying, "spank my picture" not "smack my bitch up." it didn't many any sense at all. it was definitely a bright lightbulb moment when i realized the actual lyrics.
sure someone will have put this but....
"i've been to the year 3000,
not much has changed,
but they live under water" 
busted year3000
space oddity - bowie
only cos their dicks is bigger
generals gathered in their masses, just like witches at black masses.


seriously?  nobody posted this?

breathe in breathe out

tied to a wheel fingers got to feel

bleeding through a tourniquet smile

i spin on a whim slide to the right

i felt you like electric light

for our love

for our fear

for our rise against the years and years and years



got a machinehead better than the rest

green to red machinehead

i walk from my machine

i walk from my machine

deaf dumb and thirty

starting to deserve this

leaning on my conscience wall

blood is like wine

unconscious all the time

if i had it all again

i'd change it all

juvenile - i know you can't stand it, dick bandit
mickey avalon: my dick
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muj26g3eugu

let's be honest, he's not a wordsmith, but seriously... any less effort put into the song and it would acapella... which ain't much when you consider it's rap. &gt;,&lt;
she looked retarded in her brand new house she bought with the royalties from that track. 
im guessing its "you in first place, you in first place, baddest bitch contest you in first place!!"
    if i was a sculptor
    but then again, no

-- elton john, "your song"
there is a song where j. cole rhymes "shit" with "shit" 10 times in a row. no joke. still like his music though!
number nine.  number nine.  number nine.  number nine.
he calls himself corpsegrinder?
suck seed.
dear god, if you’re here god


make the fire disappear when they stare god

take away my fear when they interfere god

do you fear god? cause i fear god

and in my backyard, that’s a deer, god

and that’s a horse ranch

and to my core fans keep repping me

do it to the death of me

x in the box cause ain’t nobody checking me




             -nikki minaj in alicia keys' song "girl on fire"
when i realized the lyrics to afi - "total immortal" were actual words and not him just saying 'wha wha wha!' i felt pretty disappointed. for serious.
"through the window to the walls
from the sweat drip down my balls...." ~ lil john

"you're looking good just like a snake in the grass, one of these days you're gonna break your glass." ???
to be fair, that is a pretty shit song. and i love radiohead.
i don't get it either. but whatever floats their boats...
i've got crack, but im not a cracker.
everybody say 'fuck the dj'
of so deeeeeeeeep
considering they were made up on the fly, they're not too bad.
i loved him on degrassi.
they still took a decent a metaphor, removed it from its context, and turned it into a pompous, melodramatic embarrassment. 
honestly,  i always liked 3oh3! because they seemed to be making fun of music. i love singing "i'm not coming to yo party girl!" every time someone asks me to be somewhere. :/

apologies for random phone capitalization. 
eulogy by tool

"come down, get off your fuckin cross. we need the fuckin space to nail the next one"
i'm hot cuz i'm fly.

you aint, cuz you not.

this is why, this is why

this is why i'm hot.

-mims
stunning song by a brilliant brilliant singer. thanks for remind me of this. 
owl city? anyone? i mean they have some decent shit somewhere i'm sure.  but as a general rule their lyrics sound like they wrote a song then stuck it through google translate in a ten language circle. 
makes more sense if [this](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120609011556/marvelcomicsfanon/images/1/10/lumpyspaceprincess.png) lady is singing it. 
so called hash tag rapping
so i put my hands up they're playing my song
the butterflies fly away
nodding my head like yeah
moving my hips like yeah
 - party in the usa by miley cyrus 

this song was playing in every store for a while *shudders in anger*
i can be your silver
i can be your platinum

-justin bieber

**what the fuck does that even mean**


did anybody cover kesha yet? worst artist ever.

however, i'd like to place emphasis on trey songz, specifically bottoms up:

"you're drunk so let me be your alcohol hero"

line just pisses me off.
i used to listen to "you don't wanna bring arms house"
i got so many clothes i keep 'em in my aunt's house.
- tinie tempah
wheelchair jimmy!


this song is great, you go to hell
i quit.  i just quit.
the second one even has a balls in it.
i think of this every time i look at a calendar.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqaypbgaukm
oh god, that band is horrible.  and jeffree star is probably the worst thing to happen to music. he used to be in good charlotte or something, then decided he was a myspace whore.
and richer than you'll ever be.
i love the way you look at me.

i love the way you smack my ass

i love the dirty things you do

i have control of you.


i don't know how the hell this song became a single, but puddle of mudd needs to be shot.
nicki minaj has one that goes...this stone is flawless f1keep shooters up top in the f1a lot of bad bitches begging me to ef 1
you missed the sarcasm.
diary of dreams - son of a thief

i, son of a thief
have to confess a sin
i stole the skin i'm in.

could say the same about you, minus the guitar solos. http://it.reddit.com/r/music/comments/11099m/what_songs_make_you_turn_it_up_a_notch_when_they/c6ibmuo
any time i'm in a store and "hey soul sister" comes on the muzak, i leave immediately and never return. any establishment with such poor taste as to allow that song into their rotation is not worthy of my patronage.

this has caused some friction when the song begins playing in a restaurant and i'm in the middle of a meal.
shut up.

puns are fucking awesome. 


wow, this is muse? what a disappointment.
"you got some fuck than some shit.
than some fuck than some shit.
you gotta fuck shit stack.
a fuck shit stack 
its a stack of fuck shot on top of itself n****r" 

worst lyrics in the world but still love this song! its by reggie watts (comedian) called fuck shit stack.
i always liked "fly go hard like geese erection." i know it's beyond retarded, but i still think it's a funny line.
can't believe no one else has said this. succeed = suck seed = blowjob = lyrical genius.

duh.
la dispute. all of the lyrics. a sample:


"i was your chance to feel complete, but when i leaned in close to you, you kissed your fear instead of me."


also,


"we cast our hearts in plaster. we imagined our bodies were fashioned of stone but they chipped at the brick and mortar and found out that we're only layers of skin hiding bone."
"i'm a sucker for cornrows and manicured toes..."

nelly - e.i. 

manis for hands, pedis for feets. you made your money, don't act like you didn't know. 
thought i recognised that lane-way, it's melbourne. no way!
&gt;licking on a cock
&gt;
&gt;you grip it and you kiss it
&gt;
&gt;licking on a cock and balls



faggot bruce - cockstar
i wish i could follow people to get updates when u comment from now on. that shit made me laugh...
i would guess intoxication.

&gt;dear mr. toilet, i'm the shit, got these other haters pissed cause my toilet paper thick.

&gt;i have no fucking clue what the fuck this is supposed to mean.

just because: he's (metaphorically, i suppose) talking to the toilet. he is the shit, as in the coolest. haters are pissed, which is both to say they are upset at his status and equally not on his level, he's shit::they're piss. haters are pissed/upset because his toilet paper is thick, which is to continue the metaphor of being toilet related he has a high quality refuse management system. or to disambiguate, he has a lot of money, thick paper. 

succeed-suck seed
ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ahhhhhh love.

stupid.
soulja boy - speakers going hammer

"ice game cold as a polar bear! swoop!!"

when my friend, who hates rap music heard this line, he had a breakdown and kept screaming: "polar bears are'nt fucking cold, it's the fucking climate!"
how about 'i drowned in her pussy so i swam to her butt' -lil wayne
"hopped up in my car (swag!) then i drop my roof
wet like wonton soup. that's just how i do (swag!)
then i park my car, then i fuck your bitch
eat that wonton soup, wet like wonton soup"

-lil b
has everyone forgotten this [gem](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iy_bhvsgkeg)
to be fair, "making groceries" is a common way to say buying groceries in new orleans. still...
friday i'm in love
you guys i think we are all forgetting about fat joe's 300 where he clearly states he is in the best shape of his life in the first 20 seconds and it only goes down hill from there.
i love this song, he has such a great voice.
lyrical genius.

"i'm so grateful and thankful for all you've done, wish i could tell you in a short story or poem." listening to this song gives the impression that the artist actually believes "done" rhymes with "poem".
a black day indeed, made worse by the fact that he used to be [fucking amazing](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_o_-urlgim)
"twitter.com/igotitforthelow tumblr on a hoe google+"

true that.
this.
the problem with lil wayne has always been that he can't self-edit. he releases every piece of shit he records, so instead of putting out records with 12 (or even five) solid songs, he releases 200 mixtapes, each with 34 terrible songs and one great one, but there's so much shit that most people don't bother to find the hidden gems.

the guy's talented, but he wastes so much of it be releasing stuff that should never have ended up on an album.
this has to win. there's an amazing parody twitter of her and this song specifically. 
i'm the map, i'm the map, i'm the map, i'm the map, i'm the map, i'm the map, i'm the map, i'm the map, i'm the map!

- map

also, brian regan's stand up act about dora is so damn funny
didn't she do that awful "twerk" song too?
so i love the song feather by nujabes, but at the end of the second verse is one of the worse bits of lyrics i've ever heard, it's cringeworthy, especially for song so good.

those lyrics go
&gt;stunnin when i hit ya lift you off the earth like

&gt;ayo take you right back to birth

&gt;and niggaz wonder why they might wonder why

&gt;this shit might happen but it does, they go

the whole bit just makes no sense at all. [have a listen for yourself](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5-2-jd-42q) and listen for this.
i like the song, the lyrics always amused the 12 year old me 
i really want ot know why people like trey songz. 
"i'm a venerial disease, like a menstrual bleed." - lil wayne.

bitch that is a period! it is not a disease! plus anything else lil wayne says is straight retarded. 

[relevant and hilarious](www.rapgenius.com)


on my phone: rapgenius.com
it's probably too late to jump in on this, but...

"long distance callers make long distance calls."
lost in the supermarket by the clash

no shit.
i quote lil wayne. is that shameful? if someone is giving me grief about how bad my handwriting is i go "if you don't understand me then you stand under me." or if someone is trying to intimidate me, "sure you a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?" bitches back up cause they're like wtf are you saying? 

also "keep a hard dick for yo girlfriend to wobble on." don't get to use it much but it's stuck in my head...
    i wish that i could fly 
    into the sky 
    so very high 
    just like a dragonfly

i present the chorus to "john" by lil wayne:

"load up the choppers like it's december 31st
roll up and cock it and hit them niggas where it hurts
if i die today, remember me like john lennon
buried in louis, i'm talking all brown linen, huh"
who let the dogs out? who who who who????
well the newer singer.
i think the line is: like a menstrual i bleed
"you know my pussy be yankin" - lady
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovn9ywivexc kinda nsfw
funny thing that it's so easy to overlook, probably because his voice is so damn glorious
her apartment was wallpapered in 2pac posters

she used playing cards as coasters

rusted pipe cockroaches

voted most likely to succeed

they was right all she do now is suck-seeds

clutch-clit, suck-dick while she puff weed

in the bathroom, bandaids for her scuffed knees

with her hand chop a mountain down, you know where her nose at

running where them hookers and them hoes at

before the paxil and the prozac

she used to beg a nigga for the bozak

now all i ever hear is where the doughs at?

the prada bags, clothes at

took my heart, froze that

promised that if i opened it up it would never close back

it was a love so solid

plans to deliver the ring like frodo the hobbit

but you cut me off like lorena bobbit

on some bullshit, when we was just getting started

and i can see it inside your face i'm in your space

right people just need to move at they're on pace

but my advantage is, seven spiritual laws and anger management

seven spiritual laws and anger management

seven spiritual laws and a broken heart


-pharoahe monch's "broken heart", 2009
same here. it kind of personified 90's rock for me
makes a great preschool days of the week song though
still better than dance a$$
"cause i'm so greasy you can call me mud" kid rock - i am the bullgod
***what have i done?!?!?***
"i walk with others in me, yearning to get out. claw at my skin and gnash their teeth and shout. 
one of them wants only to be someone you'd admire. one would as soon just throw you on the fire."

someone you'd admire - fleet foxes
"sexo en el oxxo, con un marcatextos"
that song is incredibly grating. i think it's the only adele song i've thumbed down on pandora. christ, it's bad.
"you a stupid hoe."  nicki minaj.  
eve 6 - victoria (have to admit, i *hate* this song)

&gt;"you don't like my attitude, well,
i don't like your latitude"
sorry, i have to disagree. yes, hendrix is considered rock, but you have to understand what the word "blues" means to make a statement like this.  hendrix definitely played blues in terms of the scales and the chord progressions he worked in. it sounds like you have a very limited definition of the word "blues" and should do a little reading on the history and meaning of the word. 
"let me tell you a story
story of a man 
who wants to be a god
god of the wind
he dressed to brown
brown leather clothes
he used a bone mace
and ate mushrooms
he lived in the woods
there trees are huge
only friends were trolls 
who were all the time drunk
he saw nightmare
there big bad bear
ran behind him
and shouted these words:
[chorus:]
if you want to be a god of wind 
you have to beat me
if you want to be a god of wind
you must take my skin
if you want to be a god of wind
you must use my nails
if you want to be a god of wind
you must be like me, must be like bear" -god of wind, korpiklaani

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwcqw7opysg
(i actually really love this song because it's incredible)
"got your grandma on mah dick" tyga -rack city 
that's all i got out of that as well. no more kodak moments.
don't hate on gangnam style. 
absolution is one of the greatest rock albums made in the last 20 years.
kanye didn't write anything down up until his most recent album or two i think.
i use mouth wash, 
sometimes i floss,
i have a family, 
and i drink cups of tea. 

kate nash + mouth wash = total tripe!!  
i disagree with that song being the only one [bear vs shark - what a horrible night for a curse](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwrh3wa0ksi)
this song is an example where too much rhyming can be a bad thing.
my thoughts exactly. if something can still be new after almost 20 years...holy hell. way to keep it fresh, cannibal corpse!
just another manic monday, ohhh we ohhh, wish it was sunday, ohhh we ohhh, cause that's my funday, ohhh we ohhh. 

the bangles. ugh. making words up so that they rhyme. 
everything’s the way it is

it’s got to be the way it is

everything’s the way it is

it’s got to be the way it is

-the sheepdogs

if i traded it all

if i gave it all away for one thing

just for one thing

if i sorted it out

if i knew all about this one thing

wouldn’t that be something

-finger 11
"i keep on fallin'
in and out of love 
with you
sometimes i love ya
sometimes u make me blue"
- alicia keyes 
(i worked on the music video for this song, and i thought it would be a bomb because of the dumb lyrics)
lil jon is a fucking genius songwriter, isn't he? that guy an niki manaj should co- write a song. with their combined talents, it could have as many as ten different words in it.
call you up but baby what's the use? 

i love kevin bacon but i hate footloose 
i will never be able to listen to that song again without thinking "mini-men". thanks. 
numerous lines in the song reference beastie boys songs.  i.e. (paul revere, "i'll steal your honey like i stole your bike," etc.)
he's talking about getting his penis sucked. she sucks seed. as in swallows his semen. this is over achieving because not all women do this. 
after it rains.
there's enough miracles here to blow your brains
this is 'worst lyrics' not 'most over-the-top metal nonsense". if the latter were the case we'd all just copy pasta some anal cunt and call it a day. fuck it. let's do it anyway.
i agree with this, but i'll take it further and say the lyrics don't make up for the somewhat rushed/afterthought feeling that the middle songs have.
you gotta prada bag with a lotta stuff in it - getting jiggy with it -will smith
tomorrow is saturday, and sunday, comes afterwaaaaaaaards
chorus: "baby where d'you get your body from? baby where d'you get your body from? - i got it from my momma! i got it from my momma!" 
- will.i.am everybody.
ice cube - here he come

now what's this got to do with the price of tea in china? nothing, motherfucker, just don't act like a vagina.
haha, this is like something from out of southpark. i'd never think anyone in real life can produce something so lame
it's "to the world" bykanye west and r.kelly
great, great, great song.

it came up on a 90s spotify playlist i was listening to the other day. totally took me back.
yeah, i've heard jello hated the white power kids that would essentially crash the show. unfortunately, 80s hardcore was before my time so i never got the chance to see any of this firsthand.
but it did inspire [this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukj1coyxlbe), so it kind of evens out.
when i heard steven tyler scream;

"duuuuuude looks like a lady!!"

i knew that anybody could write a song about anything.  that shocked me more then any hip hop song, albeit maybe ying yang twins &amp; little john.
i scrolled as far as i could, but this had to be posted somewhere: 

"before you came into my life i missed you so bad...

hey, i just met you, and this is crazy...."


this post has been removed. self-posts should not consist of only a link. please repost this as a link post, or if it's self-post friday, wait until tomorrow.

*[i am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fmusic) if you have any questions or concerns.*
/thread
where are you hearing this song? is it actually played on the radio? 
the who song is just him bragging about his stardom to convince this girl to stay with him.
" i might break bread with one or 2 strippers, but that don't mean you can tug on my zipper"

-also from smell yo dick


i've felt you coming girl, as you drew near
i knew you'd find me, cause i longed you here
are you my desitiny? is this how you'll appear?
wrapped in a coat with tears in your eyes?
well take that coat babe, and throw it on the floor
are you the one that i've been waiting for?

as you've been moving surely toward me
my soul has comforted and assured me
that in time my heart it will reward me
and that all will be revealed
so i've sat and i've watched an ice-age thaw
are you the one that i've been waiting for?

out of sorrow entire worlds have been built
out of longing great wonders have been willed
they're only little tears, darling, let them spill
and lay your head upon my shoulder
outside my window the world has gone to war
are you the one that i've been waiting for?

o we will know, won't we?
the stars will explode in the sky
o but they don't, do they?
stars have their moment and then they die

there's a man who spoke wonders though i've never met him
he said, "he who seeks finds and who knocks will be let in"
i think of you in motion and just how close you are getting
and how every little thing anticipates you
all down my veins my heart-strings call
are you the one that i've been waiting for? 



nick cave
http://youtu.be/pn1vgytzxus

&gt;"wobble-dy wobble-dy wa wobble wobble, 

&gt;i’m st-stacking my paper my wallet look like a bible, 

&gt;i got girlies half naked that shit look like the grotto, 

&gt;how your waist anorexic and then your a$$ is colossal"



in these bodies we will live, in these bodies we will die
where you invest your love, you invest your life. -mumford and sons
whenever i listen to his stuff with headphones i feel like supermario on drugs. makes me want to punch turtles and the ceiling for added coinawesomeness.
suckin on my titties like you wanting me....
me too, i've never seen him get serious like this. it's weird too cause apparently he sold out now and is making some pop rap crap
"baby, baby, baby, oh." irritates the shit out of me. 
"life" by des'ree:

i'm afraid of the dark
especially when i'm in a park
and there's no one else around,
oh i get the shivers.
i don't want to see a ghost,
it's the sight that i fear most
i'd rather have a piece of toast 
little kid: can you read us a story please?
bangs: okay, you have to be very, very quiet.
little kids: yay!
bangs: one day i was walking down the street.  then i saw a big box of chocolate.  when i grab it up, people started chasing me.  you know why?
little kids: why?
bangs: because it’s christmas.

bangs - a sudanese rapper from melbourne.
mozel tov, la heim. 
if dogs run free, why can't we? -mr. dylan
"hike up your skirt a little more and show your world to me."  crash into me, dave matthews band.
my personal fave goes back a ways:
"under the pale moon,
where i see a lot of stars."
       - ace of base, the sign
if you was smart, you wouldn't be shookin me.
cause i'll get tired of looking for you, spray ya momma's crib,
and letcha ass look for me. 
nicki minaj anything?  prime example: 

starships were meant to fly, 
hands up and touch the sky
can’t stop ‘cause we’re so high
let’s do this one more time

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnn west philidelphia..
actually, i find this song very meta.
admittedly, [this](http://theelusiveshadow.xanga.com/739916126/examing-bruno-mars-part-ii--grenade-sucks/) is a long read.

however, if you truly dislike the song and the fucked up message it conveys, you will find it hilarious.
well to be fair, this is the way uneducated, talentless black people talk. ndt is the way "black people" talk.
i think drake should apologize for being canadian, he and justin beiber need their citizenships stripped
actually, that particular song was written by a fellow named prince rogers nelson. he mostly goes by prince, sometimes 0-+&gt; or something like that. 
from the great dave matthews:    
  
  standing on the bridge  
  watch the water passing underneath  
  it must have been much harder  
  when there was no bridge  
  just water    
  
  just kidding - that verse is incredible
"she said nigga you got some nerve
to come up to me talkin’ bout abortion
this my body nigga so don’t think you finna force shit
see i knew that this is how you act, so typical
said you love me, oh, but now you flipping like reciprocals
it figures though, i should’ve known that you was just another nigga
no different from them other niggas
who be claiming that they love you just to get up in them draws
knowing all the right things to say
i let you hit it raw mothaf-cker
now i’m pregnant you don’t wanna get involved muthaf-cker
tryna take away a life, is you god mothaf-cker?
i don’t think so
this a new life up in my stomach
regardless if i’m your wife
this new life here i’mma love it
i’m aint budging, i’ll do this by my muthaf-cking self
see my momma raised me without no muthaf-cking help from a man
but i still don’t understand how you could say that
did you forget all those conversations that we had way back
bout your father and you told me that you hate that nigga
talkin’ bout he a coward and you so glad that you aint that nigga
cause he left your mamma when she had you and he aint shit
here you go doin’ the same shit
you aint shit nigga!" 
j. cole - lost ones
ain't nothin' worse than a smart dumb nigga.
anything by too $hort
twenty ten’s "filly cannon" - 
no more talking, you gonna be my saltlick
hold it baby, you better have no dick
if you're looking for someone to stick your rod in
let me direct you to my friend, he's a rod man
no dennis, he soft like a sponge and
kinda like a teddy, man, he so cuddly
but let me tell you man, when he's done plunging
your backside might as well have took a bludgeon
nice!
i need to listen to that song again. those lyrics are way more amazing than i remember them.
yesterday was thursday, thursday.
today it is friday, friday.
tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes afterwaaaaaards.
friday-rebecca black
so... i've read quite a few of the terrible lyrics you are all posting... it seems to me like you would all agree that hip hop and rap are, with minor exceptions, pretty shallow and terrible. 
**and in the end/ the love you take/ is equal to the love you make**

beautiful. 
i really hope that part was a lie.
&gt;and you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking

&gt;racing around to come up behind you again

&gt;the sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older

&gt;shorter of breath, and one day closer to death

pink floyd - time
i always think about this whenever i hear the actual song and then get confused about which version is which.
[lil jon writes the worst lyrics ever](http://www.metrolyrics.com/real-nigga-roll-call-lyrics-lil-jon-eastside-boyz.html)
&gt;ya'll bitches! come on flexin' ass flaugin ass niggas! 

&gt;my niggas! 

&gt;be some real ass trill ass niggas! 

&gt;your niggas! 

&gt;be some ho ass pussy ass niggas!

&gt;my niggas! 

&gt;be some head-bustin' gangsta ass niggas! 

&gt;your niggas! 

&gt;be some runnin'ass scary ass niggas!

matt mahurin directed this.  i love his work and i loved this album and tracy.
the entire entity of icp is and always was this bizarre real-time experiment in surrealism. and everything they do is so great. 
where the light is live has some unbeliveable segments. he admits the has different 'incarnations' (stupid phrase) of his music that appeal to different groups. 
and lately i miss you like a child misses his blanket - fergie. deep!.
"now let's see who owes me cash i gots to go to grind and gets mine/
fools be try to check it, wreck it, but it's about that time/
see who owes me, pay me now, don't pay me later, crooked alligators/
try to scheme off the top, but they be like playa haters"

master p - ice cream man

make em say ughhhhhhnnnhhnhhhn
you a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe [x3]
you a stupid hoe, (yeah) you a, you a stupid hoe
you a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (stupid, stupid)
you a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
you a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)
you a stupid hoe, (yeah) you a, you a stupid hoe (you stupid, stupid)

stupid hoe - nicki manaj
"look at chris bosh neck, 
he looks like an ostrich" 
- soulja boy 
finger eleven - one thing. ironically, that song seems to be about absolutely nothing.

if i traded it all
if i gave it all away for one thing
just for one thing
if i sorted it out
if i knew all about this one thing
wouldn't that be something
my parents say its frying my brain

just cause i cant remember my name.

only good part in the whole song. 
personally i think they didn't take this song too seriously, muse have their history of being a [troll band](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5x6tyxlajte), plus that high note he finishes the song on? i don't think muse has ever finished a song in such a cheesy fashion. although i still cant enjoy this song even ironically.
there was also that miley cyrus song.

if i recall, she rhymed "yeah" with "yeah"
billy ray cyrus - achy breaky heart - the whole song is bad.

don't tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
he might blow up and kill this man



len had really weird hip-hop connections. there's a bunch of canadian rappers (including some good ones) in that video.

edit: actually not weird at all, just weird in the sense that they became big pop stars due to that song.
what is up with that voice? it sounds like fran drescher going through puberty.
anything by 311 is pretty bad. some of the songs are catchy but the lyrics are impossibly bad.

pardon me by incubus is pretty cliche, but not necessarily 'bad'.
every rap song ever.

except tupac.  he actually had something worth saying.
i am so glad you mentioned this. easily the worst and best song in this thread. all the sweet green icing flooowwwwing dooowwwwnnnn!
["i wanna take you home" - the legit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyykoa2knby)

the whole song, but specifically 
&gt;the legit will make you lactate, lactate

&gt;the legit just stole your prom date, prom date

not the worst lyrics but paul mccartney really fucks up in live and let die.




this ever changing world **in** which we live **in**...




in which we live in? are you fucking kidding me?
blink 182 had it down, they were just slightly less whiny
the beatles weren't popular?
i'll just leave this here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn3fue4x6ho

&lt;- "girl you stank take a bath" x 12
i like agent orange just fine, but i can't think of them and not think of the vandals' aging orange.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47xzrw9qv7k
how dare you insult the greatest lyricist in the ripper music genre?!?!?!?!..... clearly you are too simple to understand the mindblowing depth that the chorus has. 
" all i want for my birthday is a big booty hoe" 
this is clearly touching on the materialistic world we live in today. artist 2 chainz aka tity boi aka tauheed epps' birthday song speaks the truth.... who dafuq wouldnt want to be buried in the gucci store? oh you do? exactly you r what is wrong with the world today ... oh you want a big booty hoe for your bday?!??! you scummmm see what tity boi is talking about?!?! and if you don't for both..... dafuq is wrong with you 
cam'ron and dipset used to rhyme like that
i see your blink-182 and raise you one "[howling willie cunt - i'd rather have a dick in my ass (than have you in my heart)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5flmncbtfye)"

seriously grim.
and a guy with black lung
it actually isn't a metaphor. i think the guy that wrote it was really coked out and it just happened to become a disco hit.
gonna be honest, sounds like weezer...
any lil wayne song
yesterday was thrusday. today it is friday. we we we so exited...
(and so on...)
when that's fucking deep, it isn't shallow
2 chainzzz!!!!
"you may say i'm a dreamer  
but i'm not the only one  
maybe someday you'll join us  
and the world will live as one" -john "possessions" lennon   
made worse because so many people think it's great. i mean, he rhymes "one" with itself!
two sorrys in one comment, yeah he checks out as canadian.
i give you the lyrics to possibly the worst song ever written captain and tenille's muskrat love complete and utter shit
http://www.oldielyrics.com/lyrics/captain_and_tennille/muskrat_love.html
"my ass and my anus, cause it's finally famous." - nikki minaj

never, i repeat, never use the word anus in a song.
"you realize the sun don't go down.
it's just an illusion caused by the world spinning round."

-flaming lips, "do you realize?"
this band is the shit.
came here for all of the horrible rap lyrics, was not disappointed. 

- avid true hip hop fan. 
"i didn't mean to hurt him, could've been somebody's son." - rihanna

seriously. every guy is somebody's son.
i dare anyone to find worse: from the mind of ms minaj  


pb! pb! who's peabo bryson?  
two years ago i renewed my license  
anyway why’d i start my verse like that?!  
you can suck a dick or you can suck on a ballsack  
no no i don’t endorse that, pause that, abort that  
i know this is a bit controversial but,

come together - the beatles. that really is a nonsense song.

dat bass though...
&gt;delicious, delicious, this way you gonna kill me

&gt;oh if i catch you, oh my god, if i catch you

michel teló - if i catch you
"swag swag swag swag swag rang-dang-dang yo girlfriend." -lil b "ellen degeneres"

i just heard this song this morning and i laughed when it was over and the radio dj said "i do believe she's the best lyricist of our time, people."

i wanna buy him a beer!
they may be retarded, but it has to be hard to rhyme for a good 3-4 minutes per song. that takes a lot of effort and wordplay. you would probably end up with a few stupid lines yourself if you, you know, could write rap lyrics to a beat and keep if flowing for 3-4 minutes. 
a good good night
"come on baby light my fire.  come on baby light my fire.  try to set the night on... fire.
14k dislikes, lol
"open your eyes...and seeeeeee your eyes are open" erasure "always"
and lets not forget biggy.

excuse me, i think the original artist was the giant robot bunny from aqua teen hunger force
yeah, sorry, that excuses nothing. i know that lmfao doesn't take themselves seriously, but every dumbshit kid who has figured out how to buy a song on itunes does.

honestly, have you ever seen another comedy band get so many top 40 tracks, make fashion statements that stick, or suddenly take over the playlist at every club? it isn't axis of awesome songs that those drunk slutty girls are singing at 4am. weird al yankovic doesn't make music videos that actually amount to 3 minute long commercials for tuborg and beats by dre.

the problem is that lmfao parodies an image that barely existed at the time they got started. then, some asshat record executive sold lmfao the fame package and suddenly their music is everywhere. most people didn't relate enough to their statement to realize that they weren't serious, and since they were getting so much exposure, the assumption was that they were fashionable. people, being stupid, bought right into it, and thus lmfao has created a monster. 

now there are mindless idiots everywhere wearing straight-brim baseball caps with the stickers still on them, fake fur coats, neon colored muscle shirts, "vintage" sneakers from the 80s, and garish chrome jewelry, fully convinced that they look like sex gods rather than stoned hobos dressed in the rejects from a thrift store.

so explain to me again how this disaster of music, marketing, and fashion is "fun."
he likes it when i make my ass vibrate,
bend it over make make this thang shake.
lady- twerk
"i go so hard they call me go so hard" -lil wayne
possibly the worst lyrics i've ever herd in my life
black sabbath - paranoid

"finished with my woman 'cause she couldn't help me with my mind 
people think i'm insane because i am frowning all the time" 

absolute rhubarb
if you thought that was good, try this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0h2v7zpcwk
everything by lil wayne

&gt; and all i had to do was put two and two together
&gt; but that just makes four, but not forever, damn

everything that spills out of his mouth is garbage.
have you ever seen the rain - creedence clearwater revival

i don't think he was aiming for rhyming building with building though.
please don't defend this garbage. you just admitted that it sucks in context as well as out of context; sucking slightly less is still sucking.
and they won an oscar.
kiss me - stephen  duffy
'kiss me with your mouth, your love is better than wine.
but wine is all i have, will your love ever be mine?'

i couldn't believe this was real when i hear it..
one of my co-workers gets very upset when you insult this song. he doesn't understand why we think its shit. he claims that the cake being left in the rain is not only a metaphor - but imagery. it's supposed to be the wedding day, and it's cancelled and so the cake is left out.

but also, he claims its the perfect metaphor for a relationship, which is like a recipe. you can't ever re-create a relationship once its over and despite spending putting all your time and energy into it and its lost.
"unos... dos... tres....... catorce!"  ugh, u2.
right. that's what all shitty rappers say...
fuck.
yahurr
when i heard "birthday song" i laughed and thought "she got a big booty so i call her big booty"? lyrical genius right there folks!
not true whatsoever. rush writes fucking awesome songs. 
wesley willis was literally mentally ill though, which is what makes all of his musings so profoundly entertaining. i'm pretty sure these thoughts actually went through his head on a daily basis. 
but what is he consummating?
bees in the trap
and then some more ass only this time with autotune.
i was wondering why weird al had written such dumb lyrics - then i realized that was the song he parodied.

'[it's all about the pentiums](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpmvs1q1sos)' is a lyrical masterpiece, in my opinion.
so that excuses one song. what about all the others?
and 40 million views later, it's still awful.
i see. 

so, when did you start getting high every night?
i'm serious as cancer when i say "rhythm is a dancer"
can we all just take a moment &amp; be thankful that he's quit music for now?
i kill children
i love to see them die
i kill children
and make their mamas cry
crush 'em under my car
i wanna hear them scream
feed 'em poison candy
to spoil their halloween


the dead kennedys. [video can be seen here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttqplb-oc4w)


whole thing shocked me.
90% of the people here posting lyrics are probably pale neckbeards who have never been to a club or bar and don't understand the idea of the type of music they play there. 
i have an incredibly high tolerance for bad lyrics. the rebecca black song was the only time i actually couldn't stand it.
2 chains is so bad that i love it.
awesome, i'll definitely be grabbing it, it's a fantastic track, cheers for introducing me to such an awesome band!
i can't believe no one's mentioned the placenta yet.

&gt; lightning crashes, a new mother cries  
&gt; her placenta falls to the floor  
&gt; the angel opens her eyes

-- "lightning crashes" by live.
suck..seed?
suck.seed
that... actually explains everything. 
i agree with the first sentence.
this isnt the thread for best lyrics ever
heard that as well, in which case. they lyric is very relevant and quite good.
you live on 42 maple road
3oh!3 started out as a parody making fun of party music, but they went too far down the rabbit hole and just became douchebags.
his voice was rather raspy
the thing is, 2 chainz isn't a bad mc.  some of his stuff is good.  and, despite kanye west being a total dipshit, he practically revolutionized hip hop.  

i won't disagree with those lyrics, though.
nuh uh.
let's get a party started let's get a party started let's get a party started party hard party hard
sorry but i can't let this one slide, cover you in oil is actually a great song and you are grossly exaggerating the chorus for people who may not know it

they definitely do not repeat "cover you in oil" 16 times at any point, they say it four times in the chorus with different lyrics in each line. and then at the end of the song they play the chorus twice.

also the lines "come on" and "lets go" are not separate lines they are the same sentence. try listening to the song before commenting on it and looking like an ass.


this kinda confused me, since after that california had an *austrian* governour - wouldn't the song make more sense in this context?
the first lines from rockapella's "hold out for christmas"

christmas' in tokyo does not make sense
santas and sumos don't mix
but parties are parties, lager or lite
don't ask me why, just pass the fish
there's a woman
on the outside
looking inside
does she see me?

no she does not
really see me
cause she sees
her own reflection

and i'm trying
not to notice
that she's hitching
up her skirt

and while she's
straightening her stockings
her hair
has gotten wet
      - susan vega, tom's diner,
most inane song ever written. 
girl is a freak i can see it in her eyes. young basedgod fuck a bitch like a pie.
lyrical mastery.
yeah, he's pretty unlistenably bad. i don't know why he doesn't stick to being a multi-millionaire record mogul/guy with stupid star tattoos all over his head and face and leave the rapping to his employees.
this made my day, thank you
took the g out ya waffle, all you got left is your ego.
we were in name-dropping class together with mick jagger.
"love was when i loved you"
-celine dion - my heart will go on-
what kind of lazy writing is that?

yes, it does. i called bullshit on that song when i first heard it; i was expecting them to break out into stairway to heaven at any second.
this isn't true.  i'm not a huge lil wayne fan.  and, some of his stuff is the worst stuff i've heard in hip hop in years.  however, he does have some really good stuff.  he's the most bipolar mc i have ever heard.  
seriously? these are not bad lyrics. but i guess that's my own opinion. carry on.
toetappingly good and i'm lying down watching this,  tapping the air. heheh,  sounded very mega man-ish
i was like, oh gah. then i was in a daze, thinking about playing video games. fuck i want to go home and play some video games.
"... at the walmart in kodiak..." 
dance gavin dance- heat seeking ghost of sex

"don't be tardy for my leaky barbie tv party, pee in the park."

yah huh 
this masterpiece here gets played two or three times daily in my lovely place of employment. thank you muzak!
yesterday was thursday, thursday
today i-is friday, friday (partyin')
we-we-we so excited
we so excited
we gonna have a ball today

rebecca black - friday
i re-discovered them for me, while i was travelling... in cambodia.
oh my
i'm really hoping this is just a lie that the person who uploaded the video made up.. but it says this song is grammy award winning..
"where the people meet"
&gt; he does have some really good stuff

no, no not really.

&gt; i don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga
i still reply "all the time and every day" to many things. such as "what do you do with your spare time, just play video games?"
however repetition isn't all bad. 

around the world. around the world. around the world. around the world. around the world. around the world. around the world. around the world. 

daft punk can do with three words what we accept from no one else and make it amazing. really is an amusing phenomenon. 
i wish he would put out another album. it has been 6 years since continuum was released.
i know this has several comments on it already but, i feel i must thank you for mentioning this skidmark on the underwear of music. this lyrical catastrophe can only be described as a mental malaise. while i thank you for sharing my mutual loathing for this artistic atrocity, i must also curse you for making me remember its existence. 

so thank you good sir, bastard.
fuck what i said
it don't mean shit now
fuck the presents 
might as well throw em' out 
fuck all those kisses
they didn't mean jack
fuck you, you hoe
i don't want you back
"i got blood on my dick 'cause i fucked a corpse" 
uh how about "set fire to the rain"? how the fuck you set fire to water?
i always hear "k k k k k k" instead of "cake cake cake" and i imagine rihanna is now a member of the kkk.
i actually disagree about this one. for me, it's not as bad when someone *intentionally* writes a song about nothing as when someone *attempts* to write about something and fails. i find this song nowhere near as annoying as, for instance, "call me maybe."
i'm not a massive arctic monkeys fan but being from northern england i enjoy the references to things from my own youth and the regional dialect. the simplicity does it for me too.

"riot van"

up rolled the riot van
and sparked excitement in the boys
but the policemen look annoyed
perhaps these are ones they should avoid

they got a chase last night from men with truncheon's dressed in hats
they didn't do that much wrong, still ran away though for the laugh 

"please just stop talking
because they won't find us if you do
oh those silly boys in blue
well they won't catch me and you"

"have you been drinking son, you don't look old enough to me"
"i'm sorry officer is there a certain age you're supposed to be?.. nobody told me"

up rolled the riot van
and these lads just wind the coppers up
ask why they don't catch proper crooks 
get their address and their name's took
but they couldn't care less

he got thrown in the riot van 
and all the coppers kicked him in
and there was no way he could win
just had to take it on the chin 


so in other words he was a one hit wonder with someone else's song?

yes! loved the video, added a new layer of awesome for me
simple plan...yikes! nuff said
it came up organically 
"shots, shots, shots, shots, shots"
need i say more?
"my neck,
my back.
lick my pussy
and my crack."
khia - my neck my back (lick it)
"i wonder will the eyes of the lord look at me?
look at me, look at me, i’m a loser, i’m a winner
i’m good, i’m bad, i’m a christian, i’m a sinner
i’m humble, i’m loud, i’m righteous, i’m a killer
what i’m doing, i’m saying that i’m human"

kendrick lamar - kush &amp; corinthians (his pain)

"with land on the horizon and passion in their eyes and,
what they think are islands are much more in their size and,
bountiful and plentiful and resource to provide them,
supplies slim, morale once so heavily inside them,
now steadily declining,
return is not an option as necessity denies them,
with this they choose to dive in,
now along the shore and so aware of their arriving,
are the children of this land prepared to share in their surviving,
a pageantry of feathers stands his majesty with treasure,
not the material things of kings that could never last forever,
but secrets of the spirit world and how to live in harmony together,
unbeknownst to him his head would be the first that they would sever,
and stuck up on a pike up along the beach,
kept up as a warning to the rest to turn away from their beliefs,
and so began it here. and for five hundred years,
torture, terror, fear 'til they nearly disappear"

lupe fiasco - unforgivable youth
do you ever feel, 

like a plastic bag

-katy perry
**and in the end/the love you take/is equal to the love you make**

someone else has a similar post about good lyrics up but, to be honest, those lyrics are so profoundly beautiful i have no qualms repeating them! 

this has to be one of the worst songs i've *ever* heard.
every word of the song "merry go round" by kacey musgraves!

chorus contains these wonderful words:
mamas hooked on mary kay
brothers hooked on mary jane
daddy's hooked on mary two doors down.


dafaq did i just listen to. 
their whole music catalog  should be listed. 'my humps' is one of the worst songs, ever.
lol, that reminds me of rabbot http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysclcv6kprs
what the fuck did i just watch?
some people call him "junior"
wow, i'm surprised this isn't already on here: 

lil wayne in white girls:

    i got that white gurl, that lindsay lohan
    and all you gotta do is ask lindsay lohan
    and if you like that blow, then gurl i blow mines
    so come and get this blow, and then you blow mines
    and then you blow his, and then you blow his
    i'm fresh out of christina, but i got that britney spears 

the greatest of all time.
this is one of the most exciting things that can happen at tom's diner. it is a truly boring place.
i was just singing that holy shit i must know you

...suzie?
a thesaurus is a wonderful thing, object.
to be fair some of their darker songs were pretty good, but when they just did their white-gangsta-party-rap stuff the lyrics were... let's just say they had room for improvement. but stuff like "paradise lost" and "pain" had some decent, meaningful stuff in it.
"people in the place.. if you came to get dowwn"

people in the place.. 
selena gomez "love you like a love song"...beep beep beep...c'mon.
i hate everything about you.  why do i love you?  repeat

-three days grace
yes. i get this part of the song quoted to me all of the time. by my husband.
she say sorry i didn't shave
so that pussy is a little furry
i put that pussy in my face
i aint got no worries
yeah my definition of "blues," admittedly, is pretty large, and covers about 80-90% of what most people would consider 'rock.'  i don't fault mayer for not playing jazz or prog or whatever - most of what i listen to, after all, is blues-based rock, so i'm a fan of the genre.  i do, however, think that only a non-musician would hear mayer's guitar playing and be truly wowed.  
system of a down. "banana,banana,banana,banana,banana teracotta pie!" 
blink sing more about girls, dicks and growing older
"hoes on dick cause i look like jesus" - lil b

edit: shit i thought this was greatest lyrics thread 
he also sounds (literally) different in each new single - well, to me he does. which i don't like in a group.
what does mike patton have to do with the hip?
it came up organically!
these lyrics aren't necessarily bad, but they shocked me regardless.

the song escape(the pina colada song) was on the radio the other day, and for whatever reason i actually payed attention to the lyrics. it's not about getting drunk or partying or anything like that. it's about a guy who's in a relationship with a woman, and is bored. he searches the personals and finds a creative ad, answers it, meets the woman and discovers that she is his girlfriend.

so they were both in a relationship, bored enough to actually post personal ads, desperate enough to answer them, and stupid enough to think that this will elevate their relationship.
i was hoping one of those would be [the national's slow show](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-khgue_kjio)

did you know i dreamed about you for 29 years before i saw you

i missed you for 29 years
at first i was annoyed you wrote the lyrics out as one big block. then i realized it was soulja boy. 
all of their songs make me cringe. 
da fuq you talkin' 'bout, willis?

edit:  i think ebonics is as valid and fascinating and fun to study as the next north american dialect.  you know what else is fun? canadian raising. "pah-sta. tah-co." lol. good times.
i've always imagined the elderly saying, "there's that wiz khalifa, singin' about bees again. and nicki minaj just trapped them!"
i'm assuming this was posted by a canadian. 

what a great band.
*suck seed 
edit: why the downvote? i'm explaining the wordplay. unless thats not what it is and i missed the meaning too. 
"but i can't write song lyrics."

"what? it's easy, just write one line, then write something random that ends in a word that kind of rhymes with the line you wrote. people will think it's edgy."

"i think i have cancer now."

"yeah this industry'll do that to you."
the faux-poetry of fleet foxes' "helplessness blues" drives me crazy:

i was raised up believing i was somehow unique

like a snowflake distinct among snowflakes, unique in each way you can see

and now after some thinking, i'd say i'd rather be

a functioning cog in some great machinery serving something beyond me


currently, what i can't stand hearing over and over again is,

"we are never, ever, ever
getting back together"

i don't care, goddammit. 
aka period on the dancefloor 
emo music in general is subject to some awful shit. conor oberst has written some truly cringe-worthy lyrics.
&gt;interior crocodile alligator


&gt;i drive a chevrolet movie theater



catchy, nonsensical
as long as the instrumentals within a song are great sounding and you got a catchy rhythm the lyrics could sound like the worse shit and it would still be an amazing because the government said so. bahaha.
phil collins - groovy kind of love:

"when i'm feeling blue, all i have to do 
is take a look at you, then i'm not so blue "

so. lame.
i couldn't... couldn't...make. it. through. ow, my head is killing me.
yeah, *supporting caste* is a beast of a record, and "dear coach's corner" is my favourite track. i've been listening to these guys (i'm a winnipegger, so they're a local band) for almost 20 years now, and they seem to keep getting better and better.

what do you think of *failed states*?
it upsets me when people dislike lil wayne for his lyrics. why the fuck would you ever judge rap based on lyrics? they're so generic and cookie cutter, unless you're listening to outkast or odd future etc. if you're going to hate lil wayne, hate him for his voice, song composition etc.
starships were meant to fly
do do do do dingle zing a dong bong 

ba di ba da ba zumba crunga cong gone bad

red hot chili peppers - soul to squeeze
i have to admit as horrible as the lyrics are i love this song. 
there's absolutely nothing ironic about rain on your wedding day. alanis needs to get herself a dictionary app.
after hearing that song a thousand and one times, i finally know what he's saying. 
i was (still am i guess) a huge ataris fan when i was in high school. they started off as a pop punk band, along the lines of green day and blink 182 and scored minor success with a cover of "boys of summer" i think it was a dick move, bit i also appreciate that he finished the show by taking requests from the audience, i'd love to see those videos, still looking. 
