i am a canadian citizen living in canada and i waited 11 hours in a montreal hospital trying to get my wrist stitched up after having been stepped on with a hockey skate.  11 hours in a waiting room is ridiculous.  i ended up leaving and going to my university health clinic at 9 am and having them stitch me up (they were nice enough to let me skip the line).

point is, one person's story doesn't make it true for everyone.  the canadian system does have some major flaws and they must be addressed before people can call it a solution. 
well yes, many do live off of $10,000 a year. its doable with lots of ramen and no kids. but resort living it isn't.

&gt;in other words, what i think ephekt is saying, which doesn't come out to false equivalency, is that the one party doesn't want to do anything, and the other party wants to do too much.

it shouldn't be this hard to convey such a simply concept.   thanks for being thoughtful enough to comprehend my point.  
i believe the point they're trying to make is, "look at all of the trouble we're already having *one* language, and you expect us to learn *another?!*"
someone who is so excited to point out the flaws in others than he spends all day on social networking sites posting about them?
honestly, that's a well known number, check it out for yourself.  i'm surprised you haven't seen or heard this.  israel is 20% arab, 40% secular jewish, and 40% religious jewish.
yes, but they form nothing.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/logical_argument
hypothetical question: if a parent tells a child that they need to go stab person x or mommy won't love them any more, and the child does it, is that parent accountable for the stabbing?
let me start by saying fuck the progressives.  they refuse to work with people of different ideologies on issues where they share common ground even in the face of unjust wars and what they've called the growth of dictatorial executive powers.

that aside, congratulations on remembering the things i just told you about, except for the part about the candidates wiping eachother out.  romney and huckabee did not wipe out giuliani.  mr. 9/11's numbers started dropping after he publicly challenged paul in the debates and had his ass handed to him on a couple of occasions.

to be honest, though, i don't think you really do remember what it was like around the primary season back then.  before the primaries you could support the wars, or you could be a fringe leftist.  the same went for wire tapping, the military commissions act, the patriot act etc.  before the primaries republicans and main stream democrats were not allowed to oppose any of those.

don't you get it?  ron paul wasn't some libertarian savior that was supposed to come from behind and get the republican nomination.  he was a desperate shot at the heart of the beast and he hit his target dead on.  now there's room in the party for decent and an organization pushing for just that.

there was a lot more success than was expected.  that went to some people's heads, so there was the occasional overzealous supporter that actually thought paul could win, but there were not nearly enough of them for "ron paul never had a chance at winning" to register as an insult to most of us.  to me it just sounds like a misunderstanding.

as far as the relevance of the campaign for liberty is concerned, it's first major effort, the audit the fed bill, suggests it is at least relevant enough to move the house, which i don't think is so bad for a seven month old organization comprised largely of people who were politically disinterested a couple of years ago.
huh... interesting idea. i am not sure about the wisdom of totally isolating yourself from disagreement though. maybe a 'switch' that could turn them on and off. 
one poster in a previous posting of this put it perfectly when they said, 

"that's quite alright, i'll charge them the same fee to *not* shit on their floor." 
our founders were slaveholders who did not think the average citizen should be allowed to vote directly for their president or their senators.  rally to them if you wish.

protip: asking the government to regulate malpractice lawsuits is having government solve your problems.  your talking points have holes in them.
good question.

what happens if the legislative branch does not pass a single payer health care system? will the electorate come to believe that the us government has lost legitimacy?


bingo.  this idea that a "compromise" can be worked out is naive when the underlying cause of the rift is ideological.  in the case of health care reform, a "compromise" basically means no public health insurance option. forget compromise on this issue. the dnc needs to clamp down on the so-called "centrist" democratic senators and get them to fall in line with the rest of the party and the 72% of americans (including 50% of repuclicans) who want a public health insurance option.  there is no room for compromise on the issue of public health insurance.
yeah, you'd almost think he had some kind of *veto* power on the laws drawn up by congress.  preposterous!!
when one proclaims their willingness to die for a cause, that they're equally willing to kill for it is implied.
what is this, fourth grade recess?
i'd like to see what you think about [this graphic from reason magazine](http://www.reason.com/images/07cf533ddb1d06350cf1ddb5942ef5ad.jpg). how do you suppose people *should* enter the country, if the path is 15+ years long, or, more likely, nonexistant? do you think that, because there isn't currently a good path for people to become citizens, that those people should just suck it up, because they didn't have to good fortune of being born 200 miles to the north? i'm genuinely curious to hear what you propose.
you want to know the real dirty secret why health care is so expensive?  

we can't outsource it..
i'm fairly certain it is of the non-threat variety, probably derived from the famous quote by patrick henry, "give me liberty or give me death."

edit:  wikipedia has a nice write up on the phrase - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/live_free_or_die
if you want to accept the lie that this country has the best heath care in the world, then go ahead.  just so you know, not every country uses the type of socialized medicine you imagine. look up germany's healthcare system sometime.  they have more freedom of treatment than we do. you also do not pay for everything there.  

also, i do not think you understand how insurance works in this country.  as long as you do not cost the insurance company much money, they keep you. they can refuse you as a customer if you do.  this puts the burden to take care of those people on the state.  the only thing health insurance companies do is extract profit and raise costs.  their ability to refuse customers without any sort of penalty distorts the market as well.
maybe aliens are god and we're an alien ant farm. maybe our antics as humans amuse them immensely.
&gt;states' rights is really an outdated view

is following the law also "outdated"? 

&gt;if california were to pass a patriot act of their own, he'd do nothing about it.

that is absolutely false. he would oppose the law at the state level. 

&gt;if states were to assert that they had the right to legalize slavery, he'd allow it (as president).

again, that is completely false. the 13th amendment expressly bans slavery and ron paul is committed to upholding the constitution. 

&gt;this isn't about being a libertarian. this is about being an anti- federalist.

libertarians generally oppose centralized government. state governments violate our rights all the time, and that's obviously not a good thing. but it is far worse when the central government does so, because it leaves no room for dissent or refuge. historically it is central governments that are the great enemy to liberty. giving them unlimitted powers is a recipe for rampant tyranny.    

i got the impression he was talking space aliens. that's something (while possible) you want to keep tight to your vest when running for puppet.

i've seen strange things that i couldn't identify too, but space aliens is my last and not first guess as to what it was.
remember bush saying that it was treason.  fuckin' bullshit.
yeah this jumped out at me too. i would love to see where you got this from because i have only known dc to be a straight shooter?
i'm sorry, i quit reading at obama-soros®
legalising it would do a lot for the economy as well, in my opinion. the money saved from prosecuting and locking up people charged with possession, and the taxes received from selling it, would do a lot to boost the government's coffers. of course it'd cost a lot of money to get the infrastructure set up, but i think the payoff would be pretty quick.

and i haven't even once smoked marijuana.
the only violence it spawned was the act of arrest by the government forces.
excuse me, but you wing-nuts keep claiming he never held office or had any experience before becoming president.

you can't have it both ways.  

pick wether he has experience (and a sordid record like you describe) or he hasn't got experience (and therefore has no political baggage either).  
stupid blog responding to stupid blog.  read at your own risk.

this is the downside of blogs; as some rise to level of great and strong journalism, other fall into stupefying self-flagellation as the writer smugness and need for attention shine through more than the substance.
dude, i'm not arguing with you.  i could fully believe that cheney, or someone associated with him planned the 9/11 attacks, for the specific reason of eroding civil rights in america and provoking 1.5 trillion worth of war profits for the military industrial complex.  i think, if you look at who benefited most from 9/11, it's fairly obvious that the investment/return for a local us firm (blackwater?) would have been so insanely obvious, that there is very little chance that it wasn't some amoral corporate sob who decided to pull the trigger on their own country to better the bottom line.

that said:

i live in arlington.  i have many good friends in manhattan.  the 9/11 attacks weren't an academic exercise for me, they struck my home, and my home away from home: and at some point, i truly find that the truther movement is very quick to undermine it's own credibility by embracing wild, massive, highly impractical conspiracy theories where, truly, none would have been needed.

what do i think happened on 9/11?  i think that americans, either under cheney, blackwater, or some subsidiary of both, went online and found a bunch of horny looser muslim kids on the internet.  they spent less than 100k total feeding these kids ideas and money, training them, and then they let them loose.  why? because, frankly, that's the cheapest, easiest, and most effective way to cause mass havoc on the scale of 9/11 period.  why bother to spend 1.5 million dollars for a cruise missile when you can do the exact same function for a few thousand in flight training lessons and airlines tickets for ignorant, superstitious/religious retards, of which there are plenty to choose from on the internets.

same with the twin towers.  what's easier, a conspiracy of thousands of constructions workers of months to "secretly" wire the buildings with explosives, or the same few thousands dollars thrown to sexless loosers who don't have anything betting to do with their lives.  i mean, come on people, it's occam's razor here... really not that hard.  

oh, and yes, steel buildings can and will collapse from an intense enough fire if the thermal energy cannot dissipate from the frame as fast as the fire is heating it.  there is nothing at all odd or unusual about that.  don't believe me?  well, frankly, i don't give a damn, really.  i'm not going to convince you if you have your mind made up- you just look like an idiot.

and that, i think, is the point.  if i my throw out a wild conspiracy theory of my own: i have a very strong feeling that the 9/11 truther movement is heavily fed by the very people who it's trying to catch.  why? because, buildings wired with explosives, elusive stealth cruise missiles- all of this shit makes y'all look like idiots.  period.  regardless of truth.  it puts you all in the black-helicopter crowd whether you like it or not.

the thing i hate about the truther movement is the whole 'all-or-nothing' package about it.  either have have to believe that guys in caves did 9/11, or i have to believe that it was a massive conspiracy of thousands of fascist zombies pretended to fly airplanes in to buildings.   no.  sorry.  bullshit.  both of them.  the guys in caves didn't gain enough from 9/11 to make it worth their while, and complex, rube-goldberg-esque discussions of black operations, mystery missiles, and hundreds of pounds of 'secretly placed' hidden explosive are the shit of movies and over-active imaginations... not reality.

especially when, in reality, you can do the same shit with 20 loosers with airlines tickets and four airplanes, for a hell of a lot less cash.

and after all my friends, if there's one thing we can all agree on: 9/11 was about the bottom line.  period.

/rantoff
//peace
everything before monroe was shit.
closer to a billion if you count the ones nobody knows about.
agreed. in general the market is the best choice.
the fact of the matter is that if they really wanted to limit the power of the federal government they would have written more "not"s into the actual text.  i know certain people hate it but the general welfare clause really opened up the power of the federal govt.

when one looks back over history it is the items that are explicitly forbidden in the constitution that have proven to be the most useful.
oh, i'd heard the number, that doesn't mean it's not bullshit.  the vast majority of round stats are b-u-l-l-s-h-i-t, and yours stink to high heaven.  i don't see any christians in that figure, i don't see any hindus, atheists, persians (not all muslims are arab, you know) etc.  since i know those people exist within israel, it's pretty obvious that you're pulling your stats out of your ass.  i will once again ask for a link before i even begin to believe you.
these wingnuts can't even make up their mind about obama's history.  which is it...has he never held office and has no experience, or has he held office and made mistakes as described above?

these people don't even have one consistant history or set of facts, they just shift and change their belifs moment-to-moment based on convenience.
i voted for kucinich in michigans primary.but i knew obama was gonna take the nomination.i will vote for him again in 2012 even tho i am  very much for obama and am happy so far with him.kucinich just makes too much sense and doesn't have the racist history like paul.also paul is a republican so there is no way he would ever get my vote.

and don't forget kucinich has a hot wife. :o)
it seemed like it started up on its own, and the early protesters asked for mousavi's support.  it's only natural when an election is stolen that the candidate it was stolen from would join the protests, and keep in mind that this is the guy they wanted to be their president (at least compared to the other state-approved candidates).  the media focuses on him and he's announced some protest locations and provided guidance to the movement, but as far as i can tell he's more of a prominent figure/spokesperson than an actual leader.  if he gave up on the protests, they would keep going without him.

this is just based on all the reporting i've seen, i haven't heard of any protesters or analysts being asked how mousavi is viewed by the movement.  to answer your question, they started protesting because their voice in a government they can only partially influence was silenced, and the more khamenei makes it clear he doesn't care what they think, the more they turn against him.  they're anti-suppression and the government's response to them is more suppression, it's pretty clear where that leads.
i think he should do a talk radio show, would be good to have a more sane voice out there
what positive steps? have you been in a coma? it's the third term of gw bush.
sniveling cowardice.

&gt; "they do it in the knesset in israel."

what a great reason to do something.
i needed a good belly-laugh, and that did it; thank you for making my day.
forget the presidency. if you want to change something, start with congress. ultimately they're the ones who are creating and allowing all the problems. and at least as far as the house goes, you get a chance every two years to throw them out when they screw up.
blogspam yet again! mardod?  just add a few sentences telling us the point of you selecting this quote.  

this blogging thing really isn't this hard.  
go back to canada.
hmm.  you should look up israeli demographics.  i'm always very skeptical of anything coming from the israeli government, but these numbers are accepted by everybody.


upvoted, that puts it very well.
i only read 2 sentences of the article, so maybe i missed something.

but i used to live in germany, and ryanair fights usually cost something like 65 cents. the planes are small, the scheduling erratic, and the amenities non-existent, but you don't care because you're going to london for the weekend for the cost of a case of cheap beer.

if they want to double their rates by asking me to pay to piss...whatever dude.
more by media rationing than machines imo.  who controls the means of communication, controls the society.
it's called a paragraph actually.
&gt;stole implies a lot more than legal taxation, which is what he is whining about.

that really depends on your disposition. if you think it's fair for property to be redistributed based on democratic whim (as many, possibly a majority of americans, do), then you would likely not view it as theft.

we all agree that a minority does not have the right to take your property. many of us, major founding fathers included, don't believe that others have the right to take your property simply because 51% or more of them want to do so. the original provisions of the federal government generally did not allow this to be done, especially on a non-equal basis, as the progressive income tax does.

when the supermajority, for example, decided to pass the sixteenth amendment, which allows taxes to be proportioned unevenly (i.e. not based solely on a fixed amount per citizen), any reasonable scholar might argue that there is something inherently theft-like about the majority deciding they're going to make it "legal taxation" (to borrow your phrase) to tax different people different amounts, even though they are all "equal" citizens. at one point in time the us income tax went up as high as 70% on the wealthiest in the country, for instance.

when the majority can write law to decide how much of the minority's money the government can take (whether it's done proportionately or not), hiding behind the claim that it's "legal taxation," is a bit of a sick joke. in a democracy, anything the democracy wants to be legal can be legal, so ascribing any sort of morality to "legal" becomes moot.

look at the current breakdown of income taxes in the us. the wealthiest 25% provide 70% of the tax revenue. yet they are a minority. of course the majority is going to vote to raise taxes on the wealthy minority.

this is why democracy's critics call it "tyranny of the majority." and part of why americans in particular get so angry about this stuff, is that unlike many other nations, america started out as a country that was not supposed to be a democracy, and almost all of our founding fathers considered democracy to be tyranny. yet, through overcoming the amazingly-stringent (but still not stringent enough, clearly) checks-and-balances, the people have turned the country into a democracy, and in fact 90% of americans don't even know our history well enough to understand  that we weren't supposed to be a democracy, and don't even know what "constitutionally-limited republic" means, let alone have an opinion on it.

so, aveceasar is "whining" because he believes that something that would, on an individual basis be considered theft, does not magically become reasonable just because the majority wants to steal it.
if sarcasm then lacking in funny.

if serious then cunt.

third option (other than that i am tired and grumpy)?
in this case that would seem to be true, unfortunately.
at least obama has remained consistent by reaching out to ahmadinejad and is not undermining him now, in his moment of greatest need by supporting the population.

once the protests are crushed obama can try to reignite that courtship. i don't think these protests can derail that special relationship being nurtured, despite the republicans and their democracy bullshit.
fair points, and i certainly agree with the symbolic nature that these things can have (i thought that the aig bonuses were an important issue for the same reason), but again i come back to the idea of acting in good faith.

this is, by any account, a minor issue.  it was supposed to add an *additional* layer of public involvement in the legislative process, but certainly was never intended to be the only or even the most important one.  involvement in crafting legislation is always going to be more important before its passage by both houses, at which point it is going to have a huge amount of inertia before it reaches the president's desk.  unless the entire bill is just blatantly counter to the president's wishes, a few online quarrellings is never going to stop him from signing it regardless of a 5 day waiting period.

combined with technical issues that they've encountered with the idea, and the non-trivial distinction of what constitutes an emergency bill, and having to account for the waiting period with any kind of political roll-out of the policies, it's pretty easy to see how good intentions haven't *yet* translated into a working version of this policy.

what seemed like an easy policy to implement in the interest of transparency has clearly turned into a headache on multiple fronts.  the greatest evidence of this lies in your point, actually.  obama *is* intelligent, and he's been pretty good at avoiding the exact kind of easily avoided political pitfalls you reference in the vein of the aig executives.  why would he blow such an easy source of public goodwill on a minor program unless there were genuine reasons to hold it up?
i'm sure it would save money, probably a lot of it, but it wouldn't solve the current financial crisis. that's caused by corrupt banks and broken regulation. legalising pot wouldn't help that.
&gt;the us was elected to the council 13 may, after years of keeping its distance.

*change*
do you think jefferson would've supported the south, had he lived during the civil war?

that was a state rights issue.
plus he dropped the f-bomb in regards to waterboarding. that was awesome.

if the wingnuts get their way with firing smith, fox will just be a complete shitshow. he's basically the last bastion of journalistic integrity that fox has. without him they would have... brit hume and gretta van sustren? wonderful. :/
&gt; if it's going to be done, which it is, i'd rather it be done at the state level. just like some states are pro gay marriage or pro pot but the federal government always gets in the way.

this argument might persuade me if states didn't have an absolutely atrocious track record on human rights. the original "states rights" issue was slavery. among other "rights" that states have fought for include jim crow, segregation, public school prayer, prohibiting abortion, prohibiting interracial marriage, prohibiting sodomy, prohibiting gay marriage, and outlawing pornography.

six states legalized gay marriage. in over thirty states, voters came to prohibit gays from ever getting this right. in california, 51% of voters voted to remove rights which had already been granted to gay couples.

when the federal government finally gets its head out of its ass and strikes down gay marriage bans across the country, i'm going to cheer. ron paul will whine about states rights, just like he did when the federal government passed the 1964 civil rights act.

and yes, sometimes it goes the other way. but i'll be happier when *everyone* has the right to smoke pot, not just citizens in the tiny handful of states that would legalize it absent federal policy. human rights are universal, not something that should vary from one state to the next.

&gt; the ninth amendment should cover who you want to love as an inalienable right. of course they couldn't list all the rights you have which is what the ninth is for.

so why is ron paul siding with the texas state governments to prohibit sodomy between consenting adults, rather siding with an individual's right to sodomy under the ninth amendment?  shouldn't a libertarian be against government power and for personal liberty? why is he happy to hand over to the texas government the power to regulate a person's sex life?
they are certified without medical training - and they can take an online test! wow, great, no hands on experience needed! yeah, exactly what a pregnant woman with a breach birth at 36 weeks wants http://www.amcbmidwife.org/c/96/examination-schedule

now they're requiring some sort of graduate degree to take the exam - so my phd, with no baby delivery experience, could get me a midwife certification. alright! so now i can go tell people i know what i'm doing (when i obviously don't) just because i have that nice piece of paper!  yes, there are some nurses who get the certification, and they are equivalent to the midwives in other countries, but there are a number of quacks with no medical experience who get them too. 

read just one tragic story of such a quack http://skepticalob.blogspot.com/2009/06/homebirth-midwives-are-quacks.html
ricki lake's lies http://skepticalob.blogspot.com/2009/05/ricki-lake-please-stop-lying-about.html
i always took it in the "live free or die fighting for freedom" sense which is not an explicit threat but definitely implies a willingness to commit violence.

and i fully support this attitude.  the only question for me is "where do you draw the line?"
america:

&gt;and i will wuv it and squeeze it and pet it and hug it.  i love my wittle irany democracy and will hug it and squeeze it...
yeah, shockingly he hasn't been able to completely revamp every facet of our society in 4 months.  i'm just a sucker for incremental change, i guess.
if it is not about the money, then what is with the 3-4k in payments to the buyer?
i miss you, reddit classic(tm)
downvoted for being a chickenshit that hides behind google.

stfu? are you five? 
&gt;(google.com) 

try again.
why are you bringing the 2nd amendment into this? people should stop doing business with monsanto or follow the contracts they signed with them. no guns needed.
chickenfriedcheese, put the gun down.  we're all your friends.  let the hostage go.
i'm a paul supporter and i would vote for kucinich, if he was the nominee.
the irony is, the people who ran the government under bush are still running the government under obama
well that pretty much clears it up for me! thanks daily kos!!! downvote
my friend and i were discussing this earlier.  if reddit infiltrates the system of american democracy, here is 2013:

ron paul will be president.  megan fox will be vice-president and will still have asinine views about sexuality.  the autobots will be mr. paul's cabinet, except for the it czar position held by randall munroe.  barack obama will still be cooler than all of them, but he will be too preoccupied with reading spider-man comics and trying to get the autographs of president paul's cabinet to have anything to do with government.  he will offer optimus prime a yellow rose out of purest love, only to be brushed off by an officious bodyguard.

public officials will loudly proclaim that something is a problem and wonder why action is not being taken, but not take action to encourage the enactment of laws that would actually resolve problems.  (we're already ahead on this last...)  senatorial debates will uniformly devolve into tag-team filibusters, with one senator going "fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff", before he tags his partner, who finishes with, "uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu".

the u.s. secret service will be replaced with potsmoking lolcats who incapacitate would-be assassins with cute behavior before bludgeoning them to death with large capital letters in impact bold.  this becomes of key importance when public rage is stoked by president paul outlawing global warming and the teaching of evolution in schools.

president paul authorizes the creation of a controversial network of "re-education" camps for guantanamo ex-detainees and users of the popular internet content aggregater site digg.com.  digg users will labor in the hot sun and freezing cold, digging trenches in coarse linen garments, and express their misery at the end of the day quantified in terms of the number of "digs" they were made to perform that day.  suicide in the camps is rampant.
*golf clap*
actually constitutional convention members uniformly made direct and explicit promises to many (if not all) of the ratifying conventions that the 10th amendment really did have teeth and that the general welfare clause was not designed to usurp it. the conventions would not have ratified otherwise. interpreting the 10th amendment out of the constitution is therefore a betrayal. 

if you think about it that makes sense. what is the point of enumerating specific powers if the federal gov. may do anything it believes furthers the "general welfare"? the general welfare clause was meant to be an additional limitation on the federal gov., not a grant of power. 

&gt;when one looks back over history it is the items that are explicitly forbidden in the constitution that have proven to be the most useful.

like what? the patriot act? undeclared wars like vietnam and iraq? fdr's internment camps for japanese americans? torture? the systematic slaughter of native americans?

surely these acts of tyranny outweigh any benefits we obtain from ignoring the constitution. would you care to dispute that? 

“in questions of power, let no more be heard of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the constitution.” - thomas jefferson





i value freedom more than i value the threat of life.
i value freedom more than i value my life.

edit: ftfy
fair point.  i retract my argument. ;-)
the point, you missed it.
the msm to actually pour that into his spoonfed mind.
**when we get enough men/women/trans to bumrush the place in overwhelming numbers; now whose with me!!!**
my point is that for every quote expressing one opinion you can find another quote expressing the exact opposite.  what matters is case law and how courts nowadays are going to interpret things.  i don't care if jesus himself said "the federal government overstepping its bounds is plain ol' whack." i still wouldn't care because the courts are where these things are determined.  quote me some supreme court decisions and i might just give a shit about it.

i just hate it when people use quotes from someone "important" as some sort of proof that they are right.
&gt; involvement in crafting legislation is always going to be more important before its passage by both houses, at which point it is going to have a huge amount of inertia before it reaches the president's desk.

unfortunately there's so much that happens in reconciliation that the period after it leaves the second house and before it hits the president's desk is far more important than it should be. 

one thing that would happen just by posting the bill online and waiting five days is that it gives folks a chance to *read* the bill, and read it they will. if there's something truly obnoxious in there, rest assured the blogosphere will make it known. honestly, since there's no way the president can actually read the bill, the next best thing would be to put a major bill online, wait five days, then check digg and reddit for any major surprises. 

and i don't buy that the tarp bill was an "emergency" that couldn't wait five days. any company that was five days away from failing if they didn't get government money should be bid a fond farewell. 
i would have been satisfied with them being given substantial roles in the current administration, as clinton was.
agreed, there is nothing wrong with taking a different point of view in support of a robust argument. but the pundits on fox are just unbearable with their constant obama-bashing. it swing by fox-news just to get a litmus test of their coverage and it is truly laughable which makes me hate them. 
in spite of the wait, how much money did you have to pay for your treatment? it ain't perfect, but i'll take it over the "risk bankruptcy to save my ass" american model.
this is a link to some kind of yahoo answers type site, seems a bit lame. regardless the correct answer to the question: "is obama a hypocrite?" is no. obviously.
do we import key-lime pie?
man, people are so enraged by this. in case you haven't noticed, airlines are not doing so well lately and the many ways they've come up with to stay afloat have been miserable for the customers. this isn't an exception, and if you hate it so much then don't fly with them, you really don't need to use a bunch of exclamation points in your blog and internet communities.
no, i just decided to be snarky.  look for a real response further down the thread.
*headdesk*

yes, indeed, the us is exactly like iran.

stfu, noob.
what do you do when you have an overactive media that publishes only glitz?

doesn't mean that because you're not seeing any changes, the changes are not happening! i bet many people's plan for a presidency is to issue a series of diktats, then put their feet on the table and enjoy the remaining four years in office! 

it has already been done by bush and the result was tragic.
too bad nationalization isn't even on the agenda.  no matter how hard we remind them *that's what we want.*  meh.
well to look at it in a very polarized way...
look at feudal systems in say..1500's england.  the king gave special permissions to the nobility.  these nobility act in a manner very similar to corporations.  we just now have fancier names and longer documents spelling out the same basic thing..the nobles will go around robbing people and the only way for the people to complain is to go to the king, who gives the nobility permission to rob the people..on and on.
a well armed public is the absolute last stand between freedom and tyranny.  
corporations working through the federal government are now trying to take full ownership of waterworks, rainwater, rivers, whatever has water...in texas.  go look it up.
now, you can't simply stop drinking water, so someone has to use some sort of means to push back the corporations. in iran, the people throw rocks.  i think we're better than that.  we have our guns.
what is the missing context?  did he follow it up with "j/k"?
no, it's not. 

can you actually make an argument or not? 

you want me to be forced to pay for what you want when you can have what you want without forcing me to pay for it. 

make a rebuttal, or don't. 
i demand a lolcat version of the declaration of independence and the bill of rights, nao.
that is all fine and good, but that's not how it comes across when said in response to huxtiblejones' comment. nor does it address any of the issues his comments raise. of course people with control of something attempt to control access to it. this is not progress, it's the way things have always been.
&gt; having been stepped on with a hockey skate.

up vote for most authentic canadian injury
that bag of vinegar and water michael moore hasn't been seen much lately so i would say yes, we americans have made great progress.
i always thought shepard smith was creepy, from his children-of-the-corn face to the name that sounds like it belongs to a b-movie bodysnatcher. i now find myself surprised to respect the man. he's got guts.
i support a public option, as long as i can be assured that my quality of care that i get through my employer subsidized plan will not be hurt. 
i hate it when the kooks and wingnuts make a good point. it makes sensible people look like wackjobs when they agree.
no, he was expressly condemning big-government power grabs like federal regulation of aviation, the space program, and statistical testing of pharmaceuticals. 

at least that's what scalia tells me. 
i don't see a problem with yelling 'fire' in a crowded theater. if you are a douchebag on the otherhand and do it unjustly the buisness that runs the theater can easily sue you for damages resulting in loss of sales as this can be construed liable/slander.
by "we" i meant "humanity."  i thought that was self-evident.  the united states (or any other country) does not produce nearly enough food to feed 4 billion people.
no, you're an addict.  i smoke casually.  one clove a week or every two or three weeks isn't going to hurt anyone.
well michael o'leary, the ceo of ryanair, was having a laugh when he said that. he always makes ridiculous statements like this. he was going to introduce a fat tax a while back too. there not going to happen.
we really should be able to charge someone with a more severe crime if they cause permanent damage.  seeing as how he cause the police officer brain damage, i would think 10-20 years would be a reasonable sentence.  
oh, i'm sure, "everyone" accepts that there are 2 groups in israel, arabs and jews, and "everyone" accepts that among the latter group there are but 2 subdivisions, "secular" and "religious", noooo shades of gray.  in that case, "everyone" is an idiot.  at one point "everyone" accepted that the world was flat, dumbass, and "everyone" was wrong. now, i'm serious this time, get a link, bring some evidence, or get the fuck out.  and don't try this "i'm always skeptical..." shit on me, you are obviously a knee-jerk reactionary idiot if you're willing to have this conversation with me over the course of a full morning and not once get off your ass and bring me a link. if the facts are so undisputed they shouldn't be hard to find, now go get them or admit that you made all that shit up.
&gt;protip: asking the government to regulate malpractice lawsuits is having government solve your problems. your talking points have holes in them.

still pouring on the arrogance, eh? you might want to learn to read better. it's quite obvious from my prior post that i --don't-- want the government to provide regulations or solutions. i linked to the article because i thought it would be especially appropriate to point you to a government document on government solutions since you think government is the answer and were oblivious to the concept that alternatives to malpractice lawsuits have been, and still are, being tried.

this is fairly blatant from my line "since you're obviously a fan of government solutions"

&gt;our founders were slaveholders who did not think the average citizen should be allowed to vote directly for their president or their senators. rally to them if you wish.

i actually don't have a problem with you saying this, even though i think if you understood their ideas better you'd realize that, for the kind of country they were trying to build (which was not a democracy), having people vote too directly carried the risk of turning their constitutionally-limited republic into a democracy, which was a significant fear of theirs, and, presciently, they were right to be concerned since that's exactly what happened over the subsequent ~220 years.

but i give you some respect for saying you think the founders' views were for the country were misguided (or however you'd like to term it). what really pisses me off is people who don't know jack about us history and point to the founders to defend views the founders didn't hold, which you, to your credit, are not doing.
the child being an **agent** of the parent is not responsible for it's actions. the parent is accountable for the stabbing. this is because they are a **parent**, not a crazy radio host.
everything is dominated by patents these days anyway.
nope.   he follows the almighty dollar.
absolutely, and i think it's a great idea to post these bills online.  i have also been skeptical of tarp and think it should have been much more heavily scrutinized.

i'm just saying, there have been reasonable barriers to this promise becoming a reality, and i don't really see cause for all the venom in this thread about it not being fully up and running yet.
sure, but if your lets say patented work, mix's with another work by itself, it should not be defended.
what a shitty fucking site. no article, just a poll and a brief.
you don't value freedom if you value people making death threats.
haven't you learned. these people are not about diginity. it is typical "do as i say, not do as i do."

i guess respecting and honoring the constitution makes one a dangerous wingnut these days. sad.
i thought he was sued because he continued to campaign after the convention in '04?

either way, i caucused for him in wa and will do it again
no, you go on about intention lower in the thread. it doesn't matter if it's evil or good intention at all. simple fact.

he campaigned on a promise not to sign bills presented to him unless it was available to the public to read for 5 days. he failed to do that on a bill that effectively quadrupled the national debt - and many in this thread are using the excuse of resources not being available to meet the promise. the only resource he needed was a tiniest measure of self-control not to pick up the fucking pen and sign, (cost to implement: $0.00.)

no matter the intention it shows that he fucking lied to you and the rest of us.
no, you're valuing your freedom over *other peoples'* lives.
:-)

i forget, today is he an 'empty suit' that can only read from a teleprompter?  or is he the evil genius that can single-handedly turn our entire country into a fascist state overnight?

i'll have to turn on fox news to get today's forecast.
&gt; and i can go on about the dangers of you're retardation.

please do, britishenglishpolice would _love it_.

&gt; you are just afraid of genes in your foood.

i'm concerned of the systemic lack of freedom to not eat stuff i don't believe in. throwing every ounce of care to the wind, just because gm food will fix anything that's wrong in the world, and feed all malnourished children magical fucking unicorn burgers, is not how i roll.

people starve, because of umm.. the international lobbying for of 'freedom trade' result in competing the fuck out of local farmers, leaving people without land ownership and countries vulnerable to changes in the economy or failure in the industrialized food supply.

not news, but adding gm to this mix, is a way of pushing even more dependency on well educated farmers in industrialized societies. there's a reason germany won't have any of this. 

the lack serious studies into wether gm is actually safe over time, is not really helping either. 
given his user name, i'm guessing he's trying to be cutesy and sarcastic.  personally i find it tiresome.
i'm sorry that you personally do not feel that taxation is a necessary evil in any well-governed society, and as usual i find it odd when people feel the need to defend those who are best off in society.  sure, the 25% wealthiest provide 70% of the tax revenue, but the funny thing about wealthy people is that they have more money than others and also have less need of social services.  they can contribute more, and they do, and you know what?  they still live better than everybody else.  besides that point, societies take money to run, and not letting our own citizens suffer excessively from abject poverty or extreme bouts of sickness strikes me as a good thing to put money towards.  i'm only sorry that the non-progressive pro-business element in this country means that people like aveceasar have to worry about bankruptcy resulting from medical bills that he could not plan for, even if he does not care for such policy.  perhaps if his tax dollars went to fewer wars of aggression and was invested more in the actual populace then he wouldn't even have to worry about his very high individual costs regarding such necessary expenditures.

but really, the anti-tax arguments are profoundly tiring.  they assume that wealth is something that is entirely earned and never given.  there are countries out there that conform to your desires regarding taxation of its citizens, and they are quite frankly shit.  but feel free to live there.
and, apparently, in iran.
can you elaborate on that?
if you've got loads of cash, yeah, we've got the best thing going.

if you're a normal human being, however, your only hope is that some benevolent celebrity takes you on as a pet project and makes a good pr moment out of you... or that you go to a teaching hospital where the trainees do their stuff on the poor to hone their skills for the rich.
jajajajajaja! i lub et!
this is some kind of joke, right?
and preventing hundreds of thousands of citizens from voting in the future, locking them away from their families, and using them as private slave labor isn't every bit as bad as a banker making some extra worthless paper?
**block of text is blocky**

how much is a life worth? one ferrari? two?
fair enough.

when i wrote this, i wasn't really thinking about a parent situation but i was trying to go for the emotions a bit. a bit lazy on my part.

what do you feel about cases like charles manson? he is in jail for conspiracy to commit murder, not murder itself. if i'm judging your viewpoint correctly, you are saying that conspiracy shouldn't be a crime in and of itself, only when actions are taken there is a crime, and even then only those who committed the crimes should be punished. 
"i cant address anything you said so im going to try and discredit you via personal attacks."

look, its a republican!
just words. 
that's why we need a communitarian syndicalist revolution and to throw these motherfuckers in a lake.
well, at least we introduced the wheel. thats progress right?
and the hundreds of thousands of pretty young girls killed and maimed by the usa occupations in iraq and afghanistan.
is he the lefts ron paul?  only by the fact that he is marginalized by his own party.  both have some really good ideas.  both also have some pretty looney ideas.  and by looney i mean ideas that are way outside of the box of their respective parties.  i like them both, in different ways.  neither will do well enough on the national scene though.
it aint cheating if your mormon cid. 
actually a trillion if you consider future people that could have existed given an alternate time line
what?

martin luther king, as one example, was very willing to die for his cause - and in fact did. he was equally unwilling to kill for it, and spoke emphatically against violence.
well, if you read some history of the ratification period you will find that the ratifying conventions were under the same impression as jefferson. he didn't pull that idea out of thin air. in fact, it's codified in the 10th amendment. 
did they change protests to "mid-level terrorism"
it is required to have a wwjd bracelet at all times
look pal, i never claimed to have any solutions.  one does not need to have solutions to point out something is stupid.  banning malpractice lawsuits is stupid.

i guess that means i think any type of reform are stupid.  

the article said that he "[hasn't] met any mean people — even the liberals.” no where does it say that he's "never met a liberal."
&gt;we have our guns

for now, anyway.  
can we sell it back?
i like both men, but i would choose kucinich over paul.
first off, why would a "cattle rancher" be having to deal with this? unless he is a farmer on the side?

&gt;yes, you can't plant a cornfield, sell the corn, keep a portion of the seeds to plant the next batch. you have to buy new seeds from monsanto every time you plant.

wrong. you can buy corn seeds from whomever you wish, but if you do buy certain types you must agree not to use their seeds.

&gt;my cattle-ranching family member believes they use satellite data to verify you are growing legally or not.

does he put tin foil hats on his cattle?
because shooting people is the answer to everything.
"why have meals at home with your loved ones if you can go to the government soup kitchen and get one for free?  this could have the effect of breaking apart more families."

i think she comes from a different world...
well, the cops need to understand that, just like every other person in the country, they can't expect things to always come down in their favor. the teenagers deserve more punishment, sure, but cops frequently get disproportionately light sentences. now maybe they'll know what it feels like to hope for justice and not get it. 
what you're not mentioning here is that if monsanto corn pollen is carried into your non-monsanto corn crop, then it is also illegal to save those seeds - even if you did not agree to the license, don't want gm corn, and if your livelihood depends on saving it.
yeah, it is obama's job to get involved in the presidential elections of other countries.
point taken. 

the importance of the quote is not in the fact that jefferson wrote it.  the quote stands as an eloquent way to re-state the idea in the 10th amendment and the important constitutional principle that the ratifying conventions agreed to. 
 


i agree.  the only thing i can figure is that some people read only what they want to in a post and completely miss what you're saying.  it can get frustrating.  
an none of the hundred thousand or so who live and work in the immediate vicinity of the pentagon noticed this?  methinks your theory has a hole or two, no offense.

the other obvious problem for missile/bomb theories is the second law of thermodynamics... if the plane didn't go into the side of the building, where the hell did it go?

the greatest lies always go down with a big dose of truth to make them palatable.  stop for a moment and ask yourself what's wrong with it actually being an airplane that hit the pentagon.  maybe the part of the story you should be questioning isn't the what of what happened (the shit that's difficult to fake- planes hitting buildings and all that that), and instead the who did it, and why.

twenty airline tickets and four ppl tickets together is a hell of a lot less expensive than even a single cruise missile.  we all agree that whoever made 9/11 happened did so for the bottom line...

why is it so hard to accept that official story of what happened on 9/11, which was in and of itself an ingenious, cheap, and simple way to cause mass carnage (assuming you have zero value for innocent life), and instead question who and why did it?

why do you have to throw it all out to question any of it?


that's an interesting leap of logic.
well, i want a 90% smaller government, and you want 100% smaller government.  i was just saying we both want 90% gone.
jefferson *hated* the faa! almost like god and pork.
and on the other side slavery, evolution, abortion, etc etc.  states are hardly bastions of good judgment.

but you can have the last word because this has been done to death enough times.
sure, but that last 10% is what keeps the poor poor and the rich rich.
we all know who and what hitler was. not interesting as something for the future, just a hateful past. the republicans, not to be confused with hitler by any means, have that in common with him.  not interesting as something for the future, just a hateful past.
$10 on this "commitment" being broken within 6 months...
what if i don't want what the democrat party says i want?
  is this how you'd support the iranian people:

http://grandrants.wordpress.com/2009/02/03/now-we-have-to-bomb-iran/
which raises the question....why is news reporting considered entertainment?

everyone, even new anchors, are entitled their opinions (sadly that means yes even mr. dbag o'reilly). however, these shows are marketed and publicized as news program...therefore the largely uneducated or misinformed (for example, my grandma who is a fox news diehard) take these opinions to be factual information and thus base their own opinions on these so-called political pundits.  

edit: thanks reddit grammar asshats :-p
your point? hamas should *not* be convicted of war crimes?
is reddit having an alex jones party? stop submitting infowars.

damn page isn't even loading.
here's a good example
http://www.unitedliberty.org/articles/ron-paul-supporters-terrorists
obama has taken exactly the right approach.

if the united states betrays even a hint that it has gotten involved in the events in iran (indeed, even if it seems overtly to be taking sides), it will suck the wind right out of the revolution that's brewing there.

the iranians may be fed up with islamic totalitarianism, but they're far more fed up with foreign meddling, particularly by the united states, which supported the shah and gleefully supplied both sides of the iran-iraq war -- prolonging it by a decade, at a cost of hundreds of thousands of iranian lives.

meddling by the united states would unite the iranian public behind the hard-liners. the best thing the united states can do for the protesters in iran is remind the ayatollahs that the world is watching, and then butt out.
so don't buy monsanto seeds. there. solved.
&gt;you can't call upon people to take up arms....

really, i do believe our nation has a bit of history of doing exactly that.

&gt;god forbid we should ever be twenty years without such a rebellion.
the people cannot be all, and always, well informed. the part which is
wrong will be discontented, in proportion to the importance of the facts
they misconceive. if they remain quiet under such misconceptions,
it is lethargy, the forerunner of death to the public liberty. ...
and what country can preserve its liberties, if it's rulers are not
warned from time to time, that this people preserve the spirit of
resistance? let them take arms. the remedy is to set them right as
to the facts, pardon and pacify them. what signify a few lives lost
in a century or two? the tree of liberty must be refreshed from
time to time, with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
it is its natural manure. - jefferson
who's calling thomas jefferson a retard?
source?  ah, nevermind. i've watched enough alex jones propaganda videos.  i would be interested in seeing how obama is drawing a paycheck from the federal reserve, though.

this just sounds like more ron paul conspiracy crap.  there is a reason why no one takes him seriously.
my favorite thing about republicans is that they're going out of their way to attract hateful, ignorant people. usa! usa!

yeah, that's a good way to increase your numbers.
what sort of speech are death threats then?

l agree you should be able to have a violent opposing opinion, but that you should not advocate violence.  there is a line though, where you use hateful, vitriolic and prejudice words that cause others to take a violent stand, without advocating violence directly, and it is not clear if this should be ok or not, and under what definitions.
how is that worse than what we have now? insurance companies are able to freely decide what care is needed while profiting from their decisions. only it's worse because the people making the decisions aren't medical professionals, don't know the history of the patient, and aren't the person that the patient trusted with private information about his body. they're just looking at digits on a screen, far removed from the real impact of their decisions.

i am not an economist but incenting doctors appropriately can't be insurmountable. put them on salary with bonuses based on patient improvement rates. hire smart people to figure out an incentive system that allows for basic human dignity and compassion.
if you're on the same side as bill o'reilly or michael reagan, foment away. nobody will stop you.
and kucinich's wife is way hotter.
ya, like the cops that will go to your house and enforce "policy" aren't carrying guns.
slaves don't have guns.
you mean xenu and gretta van sustren?
monogamy madness!!!  when will we learn that we are not meant to be monogamous!?
you said "also, i stand by my comment above - you are just looking for excuses why everything that happens to you is not your fault."

by implication, that comes out as saying i'm blaming others for my situation or what happens to me.

i'm not blaming anyone. i'm not even bitching about my situation.  the example i used for my own case was to describe how i act and to say it's the case for many others.

i don't base whether i switch jobs primarily on my health insurance.  the health insurance is way down on the list for me.  this isn't complaining that life is unfair.

nowhere in my posts was i complaining about life being unfair.

nowhere in my posts was i saying someone couldn't find a different job if they couldn't accept the quality of the employer provided health insurance.

if you actually spent the time to understand what i was saying, you'd have realized that i'm saying employer provided health insurance is aimed at selling to employers and not to employees, and that it makes it difficult to switch care packages without switching jobs.

yes. yes yes yes.  you can freaking quit your job and find another company.  that's not what i was saying.

i'm saying employer provided health care kind of screwed up the insurance situation for the country.  i'm saying if it was primarily sold like car insurance is, people would be able to switch health care insurance companies to find their best options without having to switch jobs.

is this really that unclear?
there are two man that i am willing to go gay for: shep and andersen cooper-his white hair is so dreamy.
&gt;if california decided to legalize slavery or create their own draconian version of the patriot act...why would you live there? move to nevada or oregon or wherever.

why didn't anyone think of this earlier?!  it's too bad ron paul wasn't around in the 1800s to tell the slaves to just move or quit complaining.  he could have single-handedly ended slavery and prevented the need for a 13th amendment in the first place.
denis kucinich and ron paul where my favorites for the past election. one in on the left, the other is on the right. what do they have in common? they genuinely care for the people. they all say they do, but those two i can believe in.
that was the amendment that jefferson was quoting. whoever put the headline up screwed with the quotes.
he never stated that he saw space aliens.  he said that he saw an unidentified flying object.  also, he doesn't make his ufo encounter a pressing issue.  nevertheless, the fact that he admits that he did see a flying object he could not identify shows that he is honest about what he sees and he is willing to share it instead of speaking partial truths or exaggerating facts.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_israel#religious_self-definition
if the majority of the public was educated more on the effects, harmful and otherwise (medical reasoning not withstanding - economic, social, international ramifications of the war on drugs), of marijuana then maybe they'd be more inclined to believe it should be legalized.
its about bringing to attention the issue on hand. media and government are part of the same entity. no government can enact its agenda without control of the media. 

that said its not surprising as nbc's ceo is jewish. contrary to popular thought when you get as high as ceo positions the government has huge influence over the decision making process which is why the ceo is jewish(via aipac led pac's).

your right about "enabling" its more like "protecting". 
shepard smith is a closeted gay man and it's only a matter of time before the neocons dispatch him to the hinterlands.
which last 10% is that?
hence the growing onslaught against "radical" groups, "extremists", "idealists" etc.  basically, anyone with an opinion is an extremist, and since opinions are dangerous, people can't have guns.  that way we're all "safer" from each other, right?
just what a good little slave driver would have us think.  "let's make everyone point fingers at each other, fear and hate each other, so that we can let them kill each other and go mop up whats left."
i used to be one of those people that thought no one has a good reason to have an uzi or m14 or whatever.  after going through a few years of poli sci and much reading, i've reached the conclusion people without a way to defend themselves locally are just waiting to be preyed upon.
majority rules kid, and currently [72% of americans](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/06/22/inyti-poll-indicates-even_n_218852.html) say they want it.

ivanredbear is right. if the government continues to ignore polls, then we'll consistently see a shuffling of the parties and people in charge, and minimal progress - because people will see no results for what they're currently looking for. (a majority want an end to the iraq war, a public healthcare option... both being ignored)
i was recently arrested for possession of two joints. the total costs and fine, as well as a night in jail, came to about four hundred dollars. it seems to me they're making a fair bit of money off lawbreakers - although i'm unsure of how much money it cost the taxpayers to hold me overnight or for the court hearings i had to attend.
hate to break it to you, but obama is center right. us lefties want stuff like single payer health care, obama doesn't. us lefties wanted no more funding for iraq. obama just gave mre than bush ever did. us lefties didn't want fisa revised, obama pushed for it. us lefties want bush prosecuted, obama is giving him a free pass. sorry, but obama is not a lefty.
i want to believe!
haven't read any ayn rand, (and correct me if i 'm wrong here-) but isn't she a libertarian author? and isn't the fed the pinnacle of authoritarian design?
the irony is neither of the above
jefferson was an abolitionist (according to [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_jefferson#on_slavery)).
hope he saves sharpbeak while he's there.
&gt; only if the seeds you're saving are patented.

it's only scary if the sources of seeds only offer patented seeds. after being bought up by some big corporation with ownership interests in gm technology. yup. [that's happening too](http://www.seminis.com/news/releases/20070522.asp)..
&gt;i just hope the fcc fines the hell out of the station.

c'mon, really! it's not like he said the "f" word.
abraham lincoln "fuck freedom of speech, i'm going to jail people that badmouth me!"

fuck freedom of speech!!!
there is a ron paul conspiracy? or do you mean there is a conspiracy he is somehow involved in? i haven't heard of this, please elaborate.
the civil war was about "states rights". 
police mostly.
of course they're important, but you've got to look at this from the view of the average voter. most voters don't care what's happening to _other people_. they want to know why they've lost their house, or why they're being laid off while execs are getting billions.

i do support the legalization movement and i'm not even a user myself, but i think some people in the movement are pretty narrowminded. as someone above said, a majority support it, but when it comes to issues people actually want resolved now, it's probably not that high on the list. i'm afraid _agree with_ doesn't necessarily mean _care about more than anything_.
i was going to take it too seriously, act all indignant, and type up a point by point refutation, but sometimes being immature is more fun.

but seriously now, exactly which of the two quoted words in the article made you assume that was mccain's meaning? it seems you've read quite an implication into them somehow. 

moreover, what events over the past six months would make you think that mccain would feel that way? i don't want to cheerlead for obama here, but i do not see how you'd think he's anything like the president mccain would want, or want to be.

honestly, sometimes a polite, acknowledging nod is just that.
i usually disagree with you, but on this one you're absolutely right.

i don't even see how you're being downvoted.

if "obey the constitution or die" is a threat, then so is "watch out for steep cliffs or die".

there is no implied threat.
i would too.
i loved it when 4chan raided hal turner. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvfiex_e-xu
yes, we have made huge advances to help the ailments, but little into coming up with cures.  that's because there is more profit in slowing down diseases than stopping them.
no, that's not true.  you need to read what people have written more carefully.  what i said is true - only the libertarians have brought the term "right" to this conversation.  no one else is particularly interested in it.
appropriate user id.
its not disgusting. those seeds have been genetically altered, and are rightfully patented by their creators. farmers aren't being forced to raise transgenic crops. they pay good money for these specialized seeds because they're worth it. easier to farm, resistant to disease and pesticides, more healthy for the consumers... if you wanna have a one-sided argument about patent infringement then take this shit to the libertarian subreddt.
wow, not a round figure in the entire bunch, and not a single figure backing up your claims either. 44% is a long way from 50 in a representative democracy, giving the non-secularists a 12% lead! not to mention the fact that every modern democracy is rife with those who identify as secular, but do so only to be politically correct.  there are plenty of people in the united states who identify themselves as secular but oppose gay marriage on religious grounds.  not to mention the fact that, as you mentioned earlier, statistics taken from the mouth of the israeli government are not to be trusted.  

you also have yet to controvert my assertion that judaism is the root cause of the violence in it's name, the very genesis of this argument.
interesting, i was under the impression that he was gay.
this is only doable during an economic crisis? what does the guards union say about this?
thank you!
hr 875 the food police, criminalizing organic farming and the backyard gardener, and violation of the 10th amendment


http://www.campaignforliberty.com/blog.php?view=12671
since most members of congress didn't even read the biggest spending bill in history before passing it, i doubt they'll be concerned with our comments. we are being ruled, not represented.
i wonder if jefferson would regret the 10th amendment after seeing the first 175 years of us history.  probably not, considering he owned slaves himself.
you don't go about "completely revamping" something by actively furthering the status quo agenda. i don't understand your sentiment.
who's callng ron paul a slave owner?
slavery was endorsed by the central gov., until emancipation became a tactical strategy during the civil war. you are putting the teaching of evolution and a potential ban on abortion in some states on the same level as the things i mentioned? 
it also needs to be noted that these statistics came out in 2002, long before the slaughter in lebanon, and long before that in palestine.
*point is, one person's story doesn't make it true for everyone.*


exactly.

well, to be fair, the americans may have killed more (as far as i know, a lot more), but they did not do it with the industrial efficiency and absoulte adamantite will to genocide that the german people had.

so in essence, it's not only about quantity, but quality also.
nonsense
...or msnbc, or cnn, or whatever. not a single cable news channel can claim to be  purely a news organization or a "news of record"..there is simply too many minutes to fill to not inject opinion from pundits.  i don't see a problem with a cable channel having programming like that, though i do have a problem with fox when they state that they are "fair and balanced" when in fact they are not. at least msnbc makes no qualms about the fact that most of the programming has a liberal slant. all of these shows and channels need to have disclaimers for the retards out there to constantly let them know that these shows are for entertainment purposes...it's political pro wrestling, nothing more. 
man, that ghandi guy must have been a murderous psychopath.
the federal government is telling the american people that it can't afford social security, medicare, and a single payer health care program for everyone.

but the federal government can afford to subsidize the banking industry for $13.6 trillion dollars.
why don't you do the research yourself and maybe you will realize that jefferson shied away from that view when he took office because he realized that it wasn't practical.

or you could just hop on the reddit bandwagon and deify the founding fathers.
oh please. here is the post i initially responded to:

&gt; &gt; health care is not a right.

&gt; so if someone needs medical attention, it's okay to ignore them?

&gt; you would disregard a dying man because you believe he doesn't have a "right" to treatment?

er, isn't that what i said

| still, at this point i **do not** think there is enough evidence to prove the gmo &lt;-&gt; cancer link.


i'm well aware of that.
money.
well, that's an improvement. at least they're being treated like tourists now.
many of us think we should pay attention to what works for the nation as a whole, and let the world solve its own problems.

we are not obligated to let everyone who "wants to" become a citizen here. we have our own thing going; they have theirs. just like they're not obligated to take us into their country, we're not obligated to have them here.

let nature solve her own problems. she always does.
&gt;welcome to america... the land of opportunity, unless of course you're not already a rich dough bag.

damnit, there is nothing for me now because i'm not a paste made from cereal or legumes.
56/44 is close enough for everybody else including me to say 50/50, and i'm a professional scientist.  the demographic is shifting, however.  ultraorthodox jews who tend to be the bulk of the religious nutcases are reproducing at a rate comparable to rabbits.
great example 
&gt;so when you go to the store, you can feel safe knowing that 7 out of 10 things you are buying contain unproven genetically modified foods.

what in the flying fuck does "unproven" mean? every single genetically altered food item approved by the fda has gone through rigorous amounts of scientific testing to ensure they're absolute safety for consumers. i mean, do you have even the slightest clue how valuable transgenic crops are to people like you and me? thanks to coorporations like monsanto farmers in developing countries are now able to successfully farm crops like cotton and soybeans because the seeds they're using have been genetically altered to withstand poison, disease, and even harsh farming conditions. they are a modern miracle, and there is absolutely zero evidence that they provide any harm to people, or the environment. furthermore, given that they are the result of genetic manipulation those coorporations absolutely have a right to profit from them. farmers pay good money for these seeds because they are worth it. also, that case you're talking about happened in canada and no he did not pay a large fine because the courts ruled that he did not profit from any of the crops in question. get your facts straight. 
ok, you're touching on something that i believe is extremely relevant to the health-care debate, and i haven't seen on reddit to date.

the spiraling costs of health-care are due to *unique* feature of the health-care market: namely, it does not follow the product life cycle that other markets do.

if you are diagnosed with cancer, and you are poor, would you be satisfied with the level and type of care that was available in the 1980's? of course not.

if you are poor, would you be willing to drive a car manufactured in the 1980's? of course you would.

in health-care only the most modern techniques are acceptable for *all* recipients - and the price is inelastic, because people are willing to pay whatever they can for good health.

so - the more unregulated (or "free" if you prefer) the market, the greater the pace of innovation; because production of goods and services in a unregulated market slant toward those who can most afford them, i.e. the wealthy.

there are a couple notable consequents of this feature of the healthcare market: the u.s. leads the world in cutting edge care and innovation, but not in coverage. the nature of the market is leading to spiraling prices in countries that do have uhc models. if we regulated the market to insure general coverage we'd have a less furious pace of advancement (which is either terrible of fine depending on your standing in the economic ladder).
finally this is why we have a baldness cure and no malaria cure.
right, but those slaughters, and they were slaughters, didn't shift the religious demographics of israel.
well the majority of cattle in america is corn-fed. wouldn't it make sense to grow your own feed if you had the land?
sorry you're getting down modded. to everyone down modding the laughter, here's an explanation of op's misspeak:

&gt; subside - to sink or fall to the bottom

&gt; subsidize - to furnish with a grant or gift of money
this is awful.  to pretend that if somebody says words, that they are now responsible for the actions of those who heard them is silly.

i saw fear and loathing in las vegas.  in that film, the depp's character teaches us how to deal with cops (drive as fast as you can, execute a high speed handbrake turn, go a little further and be waiting outside of your vehicle with a beer in your hand).  if i follow that advice, i am my own idiot.  in no way should somebody else be precluded from saying something just because some idiot might get ideas.

it appears that nobody is against this stuff because it is coercing action from these officials with direct threats of violence from the speaker (although that is an argument i would respect more, maybe even agree with).

i hope this doesn't go into people wanting to ban the dead kennedys music because they advocate killing the poor.
what wrong with libel or slander? no gray remember? free speech is free speech libel or no.
south carolina's republican governor.  strange.  very strange.  

so who is running the state?  
it's kinda circular. if he didn't sell out, he would not have become president.
i would also suggest you read up on the history of native american relations before attaching a label such as "holocaust".  sometimes there's winners and losers.
no, you do not value freedom, because in a society that handled free speech the way you want it handled, there would be little freedom.
he's a terrible governor anyway. the state is better off without him.
well, he's republican...have they checked all the airport bathrooms yet?
is he fleeing an impending indictment?
next week's headline "white house un-commits to posting bills online, again"


i don't get the joke...
including the 'toxic assets' from the derivatives frauds, the number is thought to be closer to $99,000,000,000,000. yes, ninety-nine trillion dollars or .099 quadrillion.
are they at least green-painted cars?  maybe with an optional solar panel attachment?
farmers don't have much choice. they need maximum yield to survive. if people were to buy only non-monsanto corn then that would give the farmer incentive to use traditional seed. until the food industry is forced to list all gmo ingredients used in their products then there will never be a way for the end-user to boycott gmo.
ron paul to congress: turn off your stove after usage!
hey. you owe this man some respect. he went deep undercover to learn about the mindset of his adulterous enemy. *deep* undercover....
he sure has his wife in on it / fooled if he is.   very odd he shook his security detail and turned off all his phones.
i'm sorry, hate speech is bullshit. we have laws that say incitement to riot and death threats are not protected speech. that is enough. i don't need some christian nutjob accusing me of hate speech because i think he's an idiot for keeping his kid off insulin. so long as i'm not threatening his person, or inciting others to do the same i can say whatever i fucking want. which btw what i just posted would be illegal under hate speech laws.
this is such a good thing.
be nice if they did do it. then we could dump them once and for all. 
&gt;*farmers don't have much choice. they need maximum yield to survive*

the growth of organic farming seems to argue against your claim. they don't need *maximum yield*, do they. they just need to produce as efficiently as their competition.


&gt;*there will never be a way for the end-user to boycott gmo*

why would i do that?


i'd love to, but unfortunately, i refuse to whore myself to big business, 
thereby excluding me from this free and democratic process.. 
i am sorry, but i think that almost every one in america who talks about politics advocates violence.  whether it is locking up drug offenders, corporate criminals or slapping folks on the wrist for being serial baby rapists, most everybody feels there is a place for violence.

if you are actually against legalized advocation of violence, then what do you propose we do to people who break the speech law?  ask them kindly to throw themselves in a jail voluntarily or else we will be very upset?
what if someone got hurt in the rush to escape? basically what i'm asking is, would you restrict speech that maliciously lead directly to quantifiable harm?
why link to this blogspam instead of the washington post article that it links to as well?

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/06/18/ar2009061803824.html
he's a goner.
can you cite these polls? i'm not against legalization, i would just like to see where you're getting these numbers from.
kucinich is all for the constitution as well, he isn't, however, for the selling of all guns to everyone.
given that iran has a "supreme leader," i would guess that most things are legal given his approval.

i think we should be ignoring the "legality" and focusing on the "legitimacy."
fair, but that doesn't change the fact that a negative right is different from a positive one. 
why does every redditor always forget gravel? he's been endorsed by noam chomsky.
any person could come forward and accuse them of incitement to riot if that's what he said. if the person is just going on about how fags will burn in hell, well, i may not agree, but arguably his bible says it does and he has every right to repeat that ignorant slop all he wants. the moment he starts telling people to injure another person or persons nail him to the wall.
[he still looks creepy as hell.](http://cynicsparty.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/02/13/shepard-smith.jpg) 
why is hate speech not free speech?
that might be so, but i'm definitely not. i'm just about as left as you can be and being an atheist the idea of hate speech laws scare the hell outta me. 
surely that is just his plans to let the terrorists win
let's go ahead and replace "violence" with "vigilante violence" and begin our argument again.  l am not opposed to lawful war, lawful punishment, or lawful violence, but neither vigilante violence nor populist violence should be considered acceptable.

there are, of course, sticky edge cases like civil wars, but l hope to god we aren't to that point here.
maybe, just maybe, obama isn't this swell guy we all know and love after all.  maybe its all pr.  
oh, fuck me.  i just...all this time...man, i guess i never ran into such a radiant wit before.  you got me, dude.  i just didn't see it coming.  i wish that, like, on the signup page, there was a warning or something that said, like, "make sure there is not a well-hidden insult tucked into your username, ok?"  but now it's like my whole world is smashed thanks to you.
nothing does. however, a systematic fraud was not found. a single fraud was found.
&gt;it's not protected under the first amendment

while i agree with the sentiment, and various supreme courts have upheld that view of the constitution, i really do have to admit that i don't see anything in the first amendment that says "except for incitement to violence and death threats".

you could argue, and i may agree, that the first amendment *should* have such an exception, but it doesn't.  it simply says

&gt;congress shall make no law [...] abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press [...]

nothing there about "except for death threats".

as it happens, i don't really think that death threats should be legal, but i also don't see how it can be rationally argued that the first amendment doesn't cover them.
yes in practice. the financial industry is choked with regulation, much of it being reactionary garbage. and as it gets piled on it causes businesses to make more and more decisions and take on more risk they otherwise would not have done, which inevitably contributes to unintended consequences.

the current financial downturn is a direct result of the government trying to control the economy.
childish powerplay by a man with an obvious napoleon complex.

at least he gave us the gift of his hottie daughter drunk kissing girls and dancing in her panties =]
http://wonkette.com/politics/facebook/more-facebook-fun-bob-corkers-daughter-experiments-with-mary-cheneyism-180720.php
an abolitionist would have freed his own slaves.  jefferson was against slavery on principal, as he rightly considered the enterprise contradictory to his own words in the declaration of independence that "all men are created equal."  however, he could never quite get around to releasing the slaves that made his own lifestyle possible.  his own convenience took precedence over the lives of his own numerous slaves.  apparently, jefferson's own liberty and "pursuit of happiness" were more important to him that those of his slaves.
i don't understand why obama either has to be politics as usual or superman.

obama is not perfect, he's not a tyrant, he's not a communist or a fascist, he's not a revolutionary or a messiah.

obama seems to me to primarily be a very pragmatic man, with ideals that are tempered by the value he places in progressing harmoniously.

to those of his supporters that expected him to leap into dc with a machete, slashing out the corruption and the boondoggle and the waste with a flick of his mighty risk, i would suggest that you're projecting your own desires on a man who never promised to do that.

to those who thought he was a snake-oil salesman, masking his chicago-politician ways with excellent oratory, i would say that this isn't the confirmation you're looking for (if you must reach a conclusion now, i'd stick to the habeas corpus and wiretapping issues myself.  if you care about gay rights, there's a good place to look, too)

he's got a lot on his plate and limited resources, and while it would have been better if he could have gotten this up on, say, day three of his presidency, i'm willing to cut him some slack on the little stuff.

even with this kind of program in place, the most the people can do is express their disapproval, which is something they can do immediately afterward anyway.  it's not like the administration isn't calculating the effect these things will have on his popularity already.

i don't mean to stifle criticism. we can't have too many watchdogs. but i really don't understand the rage associated with this particular failing.
technically, since it's not willfull infringement, monsanto could only sue to collect damages which are negligible since you're not benefiting greatly from using gm corn.
i was shocked when a friend of mine from california told me that she was on the hook for $8,000 for a normal birth. i melted down on her for "why didn't you have insurance" and then she let me know that she did, full coverage in fact. the $8,000 was the stuff that her full coverage no worry insurance declined to pay for.

doesn't that add major stress to your lives knowing that on top of an injury you could lose your savings or home just to get medical treatment?

longest wait in emergency - 3.5 hours.
largest bill for medical work - $0
&gt;no one has a good reason to have an uzi or m14 or whatever


classic political rhetoric.  those type of firearms are not for home defense against break ins or hunting. the government wants a monopoly on their use.


if the us becomes more unstable, those who thinks the plutocracy backed government is going to protect anyone but the "nobles" is sadly mistaken.  the serfs will have to look out for themselves.
so then they should be held responsible for the situation of the cross-pollination, not the other way around.
&gt;sanford’s office told the lieutenant governor’s office monday afternoon that sanford has been reached and he is fine

so actually he has been heard from.
rand is objectivist, which is not libertarian (but bears many strong resemblances). running the federal reserve bank under objectivist principles is a large part of the cause of our current problems. it was run with the goal of maximizing corporate profits rather than with the goal of benefiting the citizenry.
honestly, i don't think it's reasonable to accept this correlation on its face.  i think at best obama has taken away the justification for the inflammatory rhetoric the muslim fundamentalists have been using against the us.  now that we no longer have a president who operates purely on gut instinct, they're less likely to get the reaction they want when they attempt to provoke the us.

it's a notable achievement, but not all that difficult.  i suspect this policy is just giving the moderates a chance to step forward and be heard.
&gt;some people here clearly have never heard of kucinich before. he's not anymore "pro-science" than ron paul is; he posted an article on his official website a couple months ago claiming that global warming is a hoax, and he also opposes nuclear energy.

i couldn't find anything on your global warming claim, though he did decline using nuclear based on its non-renewable attributes.
&gt;if "obey the constitution or die" is a threat, then so is "watch out for steep cliffs or die".

you are comparing political assassinations to gravity. that's borderline palinesque for stupidity. 
not really.  neighbor sets up gm farm.  your crops get tainted from cross-pollination and now you're screwed.
yes, they just updated the article...
this is more a defense of the court system rather than on of monsanto, but your characterization of the case is inaccurate. from the wikipedia page about that [case](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monsanto_canada_inc._v._schmeiser):

&gt;a widespread misunderstanding of the case is that at issue was the question of accidental contamination, and that a victory for monsanto would place farmers in jeopardy for contamination of their fields which was beyond their control. in fact, the courts at all three levels noted that the case of accidental contamination beyond the farmer's control was not under consideration **but rather that mr. schmeiser's action of having identified, isolated and saved the roundup-resistant seed** placed the case in a different category.

(also, it's important to note it is a canadian case, not u.s.) 
she's not elderly, she's not even 62. she'll also get medicare if she can't afford her own health care.
...
false equivalency.

one (the movie) is a work of fiction, is clearly a work of fiction, and does not urge its viewers to emulate the actions of its protagonist.

the other (the radio host) is not a work of fiction, and does specifically urge his listeners to take up arms against specific and named real individuals.

a movie about a president being assassinated is not a death threat (though it may be in bad taste).  a person saying "the president is an anti-american pro-terrorist crypto-muslim and we need shoot him!" is.  if you can't see the difference between the two i suggest you need to give your line of thinking a bit more analysis.
ok, so he goes "missing" for four days and his wife is not concerned... sounds to me like his marriage is a sham and he is having an affair.
fuck you. people should be able to say what they want. 
"we came, we saw, we kicked its ass!"- dr. peter venkman
what is the difference between a social conservative and the religious right? both are anti-abortion, anti-gay marriage, and anti-gun control.
he went deep, under covers.


ftfy
because the angelic officials in the federal government would have instituted across the board civil rights in 1789? 1800? 1840? 1860? when, exactly?

**edit:** and, as to jefferson and his fellow "white males" (blah, blah, blah), they let the genie of liberty out of the bottle -- and they knew what they were doing. sorry if they weren't "progressive" enough for your sensibilities.
track it yourself:

http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/index.php
your article only shows monsanto's expansion.  it says nothing about the *only* source of seeds offering *only* patented varieties.
if that were really true, we'd already be at war with iran and north korea. i like to think he's at least a little smarter.
she says it happens alot.  wonder if he's off with a hooker like the gov. of ny was.... lol!
weird how that keeps changing, isn't it?  i can't keep track of the rightroots constantly changing story either.
now that the spendulus package got passed we can read bills online.
time to do my part and cancel my youtube account. getting mighty sick and tired of content providers filtering content that they deem to be inappropriate for my viewing. your job is to provide content and nothing more; fuck off with the censorship and information control bullshit.
ron paul conspiracy crap? i think the federal reserve is one that needs to be held accountable. i'm not sure why people would think otherwise.
and you're completely wrong. only 1 billion people are even estimated as 'hungry', and there's food thrown out 'round the world. this is a political issue.
how so?
yes i do.

edit: also, i fail to see how making a statement, however hateful, takes the life of another person.

if a person kills another person send them to jail for murder. if a person threatens to kill another person, though speech, let them.
actually, the idea of corporate interests infiltrating parties is the work of institutional analysis, which is often contrasted with conspiracy theories.
no, the scientific truth is a study showing that gm crops do any of these things. so far, there's little evidence of any of what you claimed.

ever hear of organic agriculture? crop rotation? those produce just as much food, at lower risk.
...to commit crimes!
two questions, how will anyone be able to tell if the tweet is truly coming from tehran and not some joe schmo in ohio?  what makes you think they won't show up at the same location and beat the hell out of whoever's there anyway?
someone sent me a pm asking about the link,

the link goes to indianz.com, one of the most popular news sites for native american affairs.
large-source food is dangerous. is the regular e. coli outbreak we've been seeing for the last few years not enough?
malarky.
i want someone in office who understands that fact, but then says fuck 'em once getting into office.  you're the fucking president of the united states.  just pull a jackson and start beating people with a cane when they disagree with you.
on your last - you've got your burden of proof backwards.
the police keep the poor poor?

that's not really part of the 10% i'm sure i want to keep anyway.
true.  but that doesn't mean bush isn't responsible.  it just means a lot of people (want to) forget that bush was responsible for the current state of the union.
our entire political system is too dominated by corporate interests.
i used to work for pioneer hi-bred.  heard many cases where farmers got in trouble for saving seed.  

also they were working on ways to make sure the seed would be no good if it wasn't planted in the same year it was bought.
unless you consider it a clear advantage for say, the city i live in (rochester mn) having more mri machines then say... canada?  sure a broken arm is great but if i had cancer i would run over the border to become bankrupt with a better chance of surviving.  albeit there are countries with great health care(some better then us) that spend much less.  its a difficult issue though where people like to shout out simple solutions (i.e. lets copy country x) where there are no simple solutions, more complex confusing tangles and knots that will take billions-of-dollar-bon-fires-experiments that will hopefully find some functioning; better position then we are at, middle ground.
&gt; let me start by saying fuck the progressives. they refuse to work with people of different ideologies on issues where they share common ground even in the face of unjust wars and what they've called the growth of dictatorial executive powers.

really? they do? i'm pretty sure they'll work with anyone with a common interest on issues of common interest. maybe you're just upset because they strongly oppose ron paul?

&gt; romney and huckabee did not wipe out giuliani. mr. 9/11's numbers started dropping after he publicly challenged paul in the debates and had his ass handed to him on a couple of occasions.

it is, technically, true that it happened after the debates, but the debates had nothing to do with it. the first drop happened, as i recall, after one of his close associates was indicted for tax fraud.  then, when romney won some of the early caucuses, there started to be a lot of personal attacks between giuliani and him. more scandals came out about giuliani's tenure as mayor of nyc, and his poll numbers started to dip further.

in order to verify what i remember, i decided to look up some info on wiki. the date of the debate where giuliani and paul faced off was may 15, 2007. let's take a look at the polling data from then to december: 

may 14 - 17 (rassmussen): giuliani 26%
may 16 - 20 (diego): giuliani 26%
may 17 - 20 (zogby): giuliani 26%
may 28 - june 1 (mclaughlin): giuliani 24%
may 29 - june 1 (abc): giuliani 32%
june 1 - 3 (gallup): giuliani 32%
june 4 - 6 (ipsos/ap): giuliani 27%
june 5 - 6 (fox): giuliani 22%
june 5 - 11 (quinnipac): giuliani 27%
june 1 - 12 (harris): giuliani 27%
june 11 - 14 (gallup): giuliani 28%

in all of those polls, giuliani was in first place, typically by about 8%, with no drop in margin of victory during that time. june 11 - 21 is the first period where giuliani doesn't consistently lead after that debate: he spends that period in a close 2nd place (~2% behind) in most polls, behind fred thompson. starting the 22nd, he retakes 1st place.

june 22 - 24 (cnn): giuliani 31% (30% if gingrich is included in race); 2nd place is fred thompson with 21% (19% if gingrich is included)
june 26 - 27 (fox): giuliani 31% (29% if gingrich is included in race); john mccain and thomson tie for 2nd with ~18%
july 6 - 8 (gallup): giuliani 30%; in second, thompson continues to trail by about 10%

from the 6th to the 15th, polling is split: several polls show thompson leading giuliani by 1%, while others show giuliani continuing a 10+ point lead.

the polls start to agree again after the 15th, and giuliani maintains his 26-32% polling numbers and 10 point lead in nearly every poll through september, when again, some polls start to show thompson with a 1-2% lead, while others maintain the ~10 point lead for giuliani. then, they start to agree again, with giuliani maintaining his 10 point lead.

this remains until november 27, when polls consistently show him drop below 25% for the first time. huckabee, who has previously been trailing, has suddenly shot up to 2nd place (okay, he only gained 5 points, but still), and then, a rasmussen poll from december 1 - 4 shows them tied at 18%. until december 7, rasmussen's rolling poll results show huckabee leading by about 3%, at which point, through december 19, polling shows them in a dead heat, with poll results all being within margins of error of each other, and split on who the winner is.

the point is this: while it was indeed, after the debate in which giuliani and paul argued, there is nothing to indicate that it had anything to do with that: giuliani took no hit in the polls after that debate, and continued to be the strong front-runner for six months afterwards. i think it's clear from the evidence that your recollections are incorrect, and that mine closely match the record.

&gt; to be honest, though, i don't think you really do remember what it was like around the primary season back then. before the primaries you could support the wars, or you could be a fringe leftist.

you're mistaken. the democratic party took over in the 2006 congressional elections largely on a platform opposing the war.

similarly, there was criticism from mainstream democrats by this time on many of the other issues you cited, and also from the libertarians (who were, of course, a fringe minority except on certain parts of the internet - much like today). while it's true that the more conservative democrats and republicans in congress generally did not criticize the administration, criticism was still widespread, and was made by many democrats, and far from just the left wing of the party.

i also remember many libertarians claiming that polling was mistaken, that ron paul was unfairly excluded from the debates for being a minor candidate, that the ron paul revolution was gonna sweep ron paul into office, and i even recall some allegations of cheating the primaries, leveled against, well, nearly anyone who wasn't a ron paul supporter.

the 'audit the fed' bill was introduced during a time when a great deal of the population was upset by the lack of oversight over tarp funds, and how banks were being bailed out while americans as a whole were left twisting in the wind. there was upset over the ways the funds were being spent, and the fact that borderline criminal activities were going completely unaddressed. this has nothing to do with the libertarians so much as it drew a wide base of support from 'free-market' conservatives (ie about half of them) and pro-regulation liberals. when their interests coincided with those of the libertarians, they, shockingly enough, worked together with them. it is unsurprising that their first major political push was successful; they spent almost 8 months developing a strategy, and the timing coincided well with other events in the us. however, given public pressures, it was highly likely that some group would have pushed a similar bill, which helps to explain how it acquired so many cosponsors in the house.

i don't know how politically disinterested they were a couple years ago. a large portion of the membership seems to be only slightly above voting age, and my personal experience is that the exceptions were politically active prior to that. 
it really doesn't. there are dozens of similar suits, and monsanto spends pretty big to attempt to discredit each farmer.
from [deleted] sent 1 hour ago

comment reply

like you'd upvote it otherwise.

lying is a congenital defect for you, isn't it?

hate speech. death threats. who cares? people should be able to speak as freely as they want. now what's worrisome is when those two aforementioned are backed up with serious intent and a preparedness to take physical form. what's the difference between "a) and b)"? somebody carefully forming their words to not sound like a threat (but is), and the other which clearly is. they might have the same result, but the choice of elocution should make one illegal and not the other? it's bull shit. the country is going to war and committing capital punishment, but saying "bad" things should be a crime? well, fuck that. the law enforcers should do something better with their time.
i may think that the way they are going about it is wrong, but i heartily agree that we need a national language.  never mind the economics of not having to print forms in multiple languages, the last time i checked, the sign at the end of the block read stop.  not alta, or anhalten or остановитесь, but stop.

i cannot tell you how frustrating it is to be looked upon as an outsider in several nyc neighborhoods because i dont speak russian, chinese, etc.  i do speak some conversational spanish (so you don't think i'm one of **those** americans), but i shouldn't have to speak multiple languages to converse with most people.
i agree 100%. it is so easy to bitch and moan about "evil" corporations but we get so much of our modern lifestyle and technology from this system its silly to vilify all of it. genetically modified food sounds so sinister but it is a part of the system of supporting billions of hungry humans.
someone in conspiracy reddit submitted a link mocking a report citing anti-government extremists. and then i see this.
so far, this year alone, there have been at least nine murders committed by right wing terrorists.  in every single instance the perpetrator has been an avid consumer of right wing media.

i'm a free speech fanatic.  i do not advocate the position that the us government should take legal action against right wing radio hosts who do not make specific death threats or other direct incitements to violence (as this person seems to have).

however that position does not mean that i can't recognize that the prevalence of right wing eliminationist speech [1] have created an environment conducive to such terrorist acts.  you can't go around saying that your political opponents are the most vile, evil, anti-american, pro-terrorist, babykilling scum of the earth, and not expect that someone is going to take you seriously.

words influence people.  that's what the entire advertising industry is based on.  coke inc spends $1.6 billion on advertising, either their executives are literally insane, or words on radio and tv influence people.

if advertising (usually encountered in discrete 30 second chunks separated by other input) influences people then how much more does a steady diet (usually encountered in 8 minute segments that are separated by a few minutes of advertising and connect to form hour long shows) of eliminationist advocacy from right wing media?

outside direct threats and incitement to violence, as seen in this instance, i would violently oppose efforts by the government to put restrictions on right wing media.  but they are responsible for what they produce, and i do call on them to voluntarily reign in the rhetoric, and if they don't i see no problem identifying them as contributory to the problem.

[1] liberal hunting licenses, "tiller the baby killer", the works of ann coulter, etc.
cite your sources. no doubt their trade practices can be aggressive, but they are not some evil "henchmen" against some "saintly" farmers. i am so sick of these boogy-man monsanto threads.
call me an evil vigilante, but had some guy illegally popped polpot when he was going apestuff in cambodia, i'd have had absolutely no problem with that.

also, i am not saying that violence is the answer (i'm a bigger fan of secession and non-violent non-cooperation), but there can be arguments for violence against oppressive (and illegal) regimes which i can't immediately dismiss.  these are people who are saying that government officials who violate the constitution in order to commit illegal acts of violence against americans should be stopped.  if i were in a bar and some guy was running around stomping baby heads with nobody stopping them, i might be inclined to punch him in the head to try to get him to stop.  i'd be a vigilante, but i don't think i'd be in the wrong.
long, long overdue.  president obama should use the executive order until the congress can get their act together on this issue. 
i hear the right saying the left are terrified of palin.  
isn't that what a representative democracy is? listening to your constituents?
actually, it's a pro-domination picture.
the terms are effectively equivalent; the only difference is that social conservatives are a slight superset of the religious right. (that is to say, someone can be a social conservative without being religious; but this is rare.)
i bet he is meeting with advisors and financial backers for proposing a presidential campaign. he wants to get started early
i love this article because it has introduced me to a certain right wing conspiracy web site.  holy shit i did not think people could be any crazier than alex jones.  i was wrong.
reddit-man, i am amazed you have the balls to call someone out on lying when your very essence is lying like a good gop shill.

doesn't being hypocritical even give you a small twinge when you do it?
&gt;please do, britishenglishpolice would love it.

i made a spelling mistake. i caught it and fixed it. grats on being a spelling nazi.

&gt;i'm concerned of the systemic lack of freedom to not eat stuff i don't believe in

no one is stopping you from buying gm free, nor will they ever. it is a niche market that will always be around. demanding the right that big macs be gm free is not in the constitution, and we are better off for it. that very same devaluation of staple foods you admonish is what allows impoverished people in america feed their kids.

&gt;people starve, because of umm.. the international lobbying for of 'freedom trade' 

i know. so why don't you go rage about that instead of belittling good science.


&gt;the lack serious studies into wether gm is actually safe over time, is not really helping either.

there has been plenty of studies done over time assesing efficacy, toxicity and ecological impact.
people have to learn that there's a difference between conservatism and insanity.
...you honestly expect people to think the words economic crisis since the great depression is "the best economic times for a new president" ?
i fear that he is not.
that they do.
don't know where you're going with that..
it's still my feeling that there is a good reason for owning a fully auto ak47..and that is to take on the plutocracy that tries to start a coup, financial or military, and defend the homeland.  we need to be just as powerful or more powerful than the police and military that the opportunistic plutocrats would like to use against the people.
also, if the us becomes more unstable, i'd like to have those weapons to protect me and mine against roving gangs looking for an easy score.
haven't reparations already been paid to the indigenous people of north america?

if so, you have your money, so shut the hell up already.
 
it could be worse.  they could go with paris hilton.  
stfu already about ron paul.
why go to america jr?

did you read the article that krugman linked to from the new yorker? it raises some questions about the claim that we're doing poorly in health care.
it would, and yet it rarely happens. there is a big initial investment that needs to happen to either industry, and it is rare that people would be able to do both. 
you could say the same thing about most liberals/democrats these days as well. take em all out in the street, make then get honest jobs and start over.

edit: by "all" i mean all of them in entirety, "liberal" "conservative, all of them.

second edit: 'them' being the people running this country, you idiots.
i'm of that same mind. if he shoots off his mouth saying he's going to do this and that -- who cares. maybe he's just pissed off. but when he's rallying outside some guy's house and stalking these "targets," then something should be done. but speech in itself should not be punished. 
maybe i was a bit harsh, and while i saw that you do not believe in such a link i wanted to drive home to others who may be reading this what an absurd notion such a link might be. 
and one very important thing to keep in mind is that he keeps getting re-elected in a district that is not exactly know for being like berkeley or something.   even the somewhat conservative people (or more liberal republicans) have seen that he's got almost impeccable credibility and integrity, and they reward him with their votes.

god, i'd love to see him take on obama directly.
&gt;what do you feel about cases like charles manson? he is in jail for conspiracy to commit murder, not murder itself. if i'm judging your viewpoint correctly, you are saying that conspiracy shouldn't be a crime in and of itself, only when actions are taken there is a crime, and even then only those who committed the crimes should be punished.

yes that is exactly what i am saying. charles manson is an interesting case study in this dicussion because he clearly is a threat to society. 

in this case however he commited conspiracy and acted through an agent similar to your parent anaology above.

if a man hires a contract killer to kill his wife is he responsible for that murder? i say yes, since he acted through an agent he is responsible.

edit: you could argue that if someone killed one of the people this radio host is pointing out does that mean the radio host is acting through the agent and should be held responsible? i would respond that, if there is significant evidence that the act was carried out in response to the radio host, then yes the radio host shares in the responsibility.
no clear advantage for you broke-ass bastards anyway.
another big round of applause for the vile pieces of shit in monsanto's legal department.  thank you, boys!
"you know, in certain older civilized cultures, when men failed as entirely as you have, they would throw themselves on their swords."
it's remarkable how little people understand about the difference between gene splicing and natural breeding.  
it's like you swallowed a press release from monsanto.
they encourage that sort of misunderstanding, and they'll encourage you to think you actually understand it.
but you missed.
i dunno. in for a penny, in for a pound.  

i liken smith's protestations to designing a devastating explosive device that will unleash untold atrocities on human kind, but you make the explosion smell like freshly baked cookies. 
i almost think kucinich could ast least cause some real problem.  if he was in the white house consistently trying to do the people's work, and had the senate and house screwing him at every turn, he's the type who'd call a press conference and talk directly to the american people about exactly how congress was voting against their best interests.  he could at least get a healthy chunk of congress in some trouble with their constituents next election.
all tv news, and most of its "entertainment" is propaganda for something.
it's easy to blather when you have no clue.
on father's day? and rendering himself completely unreachable? sounds much sketchier than that.
i"ll take that in 10's.
take a nap. and then fire ze missiles!
how about this. you should be free to make a death threat, but if the recipient feels that his or her life is in danger, he or she should be free to take preventative measures, including preemption.

?
libel is a civil matter not a criminal one.
how so? edit: i am looking for a specific example, even if it is hypothetical.
people still fly? geez, that must be tough.
&gt;ron paul = grounded and logical

so grounded and logical, his jesus walked with dinosaurs.
no time for that.  he's got appearances on oprah, dr. phil, and ellen this week.
people are hypocrites, news at 11.

fixed that for you.
&gt;a well armed public is the absolute last stand between freedom and tyranny. 

excuse me while i laugh at you vs. the us military. i am for gun ownership (i like to hunt), but this fantasy that you are going to overthrow the most stable democracy on earth with your arsenal is childish at best.

&gt;corporations working through the federal government are now trying to take full ownership of waterworks, rainwater, rivers, whatever has water...in texas.

[citation needed]. don't tell me to look it up. you made a very radical and unfounded claim. i can't disprove every wacko theory on the internet.

it would be interesting to observe this evolve in the media! something to study for years!!

i doubt it will get there, unless idiots like lieberman hold sway on the israeli government. i would assume netanyahu to be a pragmatic right winger with none of the courage displayed by rabin or sharon, so we'll have to see how this plays out.
&gt;no, the scientific truth is a study showing that gm crops do any of these things. so far, there's little evidence of any of what you claimed.

a small sample of what is out there

vitamin a fortified rice http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19369372

review on modifying rice for reduced arsenic uptake :http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17306392

review on biofortification of zinc/iron/folate by gm and breeding : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18314378

transgenic drought resistance: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19529831

you are already well aware of the commercially available pest resistant crops.

shut. the fuck. up.


&gt;ever hear of organic agriculture? crop rotation? those produce just as much food.

organic agriculture is expensive. how about you tell those immigrants making 10k a year that their loaf of bread is going up from $1 to $5.

these methods are at significant risk for catastrophic crop loss due to pests, or crop loss due to drought. remember the dust bowl in the 1920s? they also can take up significant pollutants from the soil, like pcbs or arsenic. 

they also require pesticides/herbicides and fertilizers that kill our watersheds. 

genetically modified crops have the ability to alleviate all these problems with minuscule risk.
they do, but i think many people, myself included, consider both of their opposing views to be a valid improvement of the status quo.  paul is conservative, and kucinich is liberal, the thing that makes them both the same is that they are -true- conservatives and liberals.  they both go to the heart of each opposing ideology.  the current democrat and republican parties are both just whores for wall street and the corporations.
he's a republican, they don't care about family values
tell your girlfriend to exercise her constitutional right to stfu.
i changed my mind i think you should correct everyone's mistakes.
um, what?
if you incite violence doesn't there have to be an incited violence?
exactly. this quote also must be taken in the context that originally thomas jefferson wanted to burn the constitution every 4 years and re-write it to "destroy the dead hand of the past."

edit: 20 years, i stand corrected
obama's america?
sounds like this site.
why should conspiracy be a crime? if i draw a picture of someone stabbing someone in the back and then sell it in an art gallery, someone buys that picture and then kills that person by stabbing them in the back, why should the artist be held accountable?

people need to take responsibility for their own actions.

should everyone who ever thought about electrifying their doorknob with enough power to kill an intruder be be arrested for conspiracy to commit public endangerment?

should everyone who has ever been angry enough to punch someone and thought about it be arrested for conspiracy to commit assault?

you can't arrest someone for committing a crime before they commit it. or did you stand up and applaud during minority report every time they arrested someone for precrime?
it's not really disagreement though, i just don't want to see what people who upvote old news want to see.  i don't want to ignore their comments or anything, just their votes.
not conservative enough?  maybe not for some of the wingnuts that watch the channel (and send hate mail), but from the point of view of the channel itself, he is just fine:

&gt;mr. ailes designated [smith] the lead news anchor on the channel, signing him to a new three-year contract that has about a year and half left....the apparent “ideological disputes” between mr. smith and other fox news stars “work not so much as a corrective to the hard party line,” mr. tyndall said, as “more of a complement to that line.” 


i slipped on some ice and broke my wrist. spent 8 hours in the er and came away with a $6,000 bill...  then another $3,000 for the orthopedist in the us of a. 

waiting times are not the issue so much - ers have little control over the number of folks that hit their doors on any given day/night.  the huge difference is the $ you spend in the end.


making your enemies your friends is one approach. under the proper circumstances it may even be the best. 

but let's look at another example. when a parent proclaims they're willing to die for their kids if say a home invasion ever occurred, wouldn't that also imply that the parent would be willing to die in a fight with the invader to save their children?
but what about small-town values? hmm?
i don't know why someone would go to "america jr," but many come to america to marvel at the people who actually think fox "news" is real.

darn. now, i've made glenn beck cry.
they are.  this guy said whatever he wanted on the air, now he's suffering the consequences.  
if someone was harmed(not potentially, but actually) harmed. the individual could be tried under the conspiracy to commit harm to others since he acted through an agent being the crowd.

the point i am trying to make is that simply saying something in and of itself is not, and should not be considered a crime and is against my ideas of freedom.
yes, the constitution is the law of our land. but nowhere in the constitution does it say "congress shall ignore all international organizations entirely," which ron paul is trying to do.

when we do things like [this](http://www.krysstal.com/democracy_whyusa03.html), because the un "violates our sovereignty" (or more accurately our interests), that's just wrong. but i doubt ron paul would have any problems with our string of vetos.
if a jet going mach 4 past the pentagon at low altitude flys by and drops a payload, the explosion will look like it crashed into the pentagon... now if you have a plane fly into it there should be some video of that available.  and there isn't.

while everyone is looking at the explosion, a plane that just flew by at a million miles an hour pulled up at the last second and flew off into the distance.

if you watch the video on youtube the light refracts into the camera before the explosion, that is undeniable evidence that whatever happened was different than what they said.  there are problems with my story, i have no evidence except the logic of refracting light.

and i think all those people were loaded onto other planes at the airport and the planes that flew into the pentagon were remote controlled planes with nobody on them (as tested by nasa in the 90's), painted like the un plane bush was going to use in iraq in 03.

i honestly can't think about this now, i'll try to revise this later.  i'm having a hard time explaining this cuz i'm exhausted.
a theatre is a private place. you're in somebody's "house." you have been invited under certain conditions. the person in question was being public.

not ignored, but irrelevant because the supreme court ruled that things like home gardens are interstate commerce and thus under federal jurisdiction.
why don't i just edit it to "he's a republican, he doesn't case about *any* values"
mumbles and the gimp.
wow. finally someone who sees what i am sayin. ;p
justice.  it has no meaning to the elites.
 babies? what kind of bar do you hang out in, my friend?
the first amendment doesn't grant the right, the right is inherent. unless the constitution is amended to say except for threats and hate speech, then the right is already there and the government has no jurisdiction over it.
its a ploy by murdoch.a little dissent makes the rest a little more believable.
money is one incentive the program uses to achieve it's purpose; but money itself is not the purpose.  

basically, i'm saying that the author asked the wrong question.  she should have asked; "is cash for clunkers really going to do anything to help the environment".  
bill o'reilly killed some people.
you dont consider faster service and cleaner facilities a better advantage?
&gt; us doctors are the best educated

&gt;&gt;american doctors and hospitals kill patients through surgical and medical mistakes more often than their counterparts in other industrialized nations. 


&gt;now if you said 'without any clear advantage for the common patient' .... then ... yeah.

i believe that's probably the audience here on reddit. "common patient"
i dunno, if someone more progressive than obama, but as charasmatic and canny with a background as unconventional as obama's comes along, i think that'd be a recipe for a shift in power.

big if tho.
just think how a "president mccain" would have dealt with this situation.  really, really scary.
well its not like i, personally, am going to gear up and walk toward the tanks one day...you must watch a lot of tv if your ability for abstract thinking is that crippled.
http://www.tceq.state.tx.us/files/gi-228.pdf_4467322.pdf
there is all you need about who chooses what you can do with your own water in texas.  have a pond on your land and want to build a white picket fence?  not without government approval.

good point. we had a guy raising cows and wheat on our land in ok not too long ago so i assumed it's somewhat common to do both.
fucker! he just has to find an angle to beat schiff...... and this will help him. 
yeah this sounds great on paper... until he tried to buy the louisiana purchase (the constitution does not grant the federal government the right to acquire land specifically). 
is it bad that i thought about  actually doing this?
hooker of which sex?
no animal shall sleep in a bed...*with blankets.*
&gt;i've had relatives die because they couldn't afford better care. if they had been wealthy, they would have been able to get better treatment. i just don't think a nationalized health care system would have been any different for them.

relatives are even more to my point, although, often in life, relatives are not friends.
you claim better access to care would have helped your relatives.
you don't say how or why you think that.
you then claim national healthcare would make no difference, again offering no reason as to why you make this claim.

i do understand bs when i hear it. i understand you don't think national health care would help your relatives. why, is what i was asking.

you attempt to argue against the posters  statement, but offer nothing but your opinion. you claim something to do with your relatives as support for this notion, without any support. i have no other choice but to see your position as anti national health care, since you offer nothing but bluster and negativity.

the original poster made a sound argument, which you fit well into, even as you now try to weasel out of an unsupportable postion.

sorry, whatever you were trying to say, either isn't communicated well, or isn't the blockbuster comment you seem to think it is.
fuck you. i'm expressing my freedom of speech. it's okay as long as i don't tell you that i'm going to kill you. i may think it as much as i want. i may imagine impaling you and showering you in salt and bile, but said through my mouth that "i want to kill you" is illegal, so i'm not going to do it.
the people of south carolina should consider impeaching sanford.  
&gt;and we're an alien ant farm

i kind of doubt that we're a california rock band formed in 1995.
there is no such thing as freedom of speech in america. it may not be illegal to do it, but if you criticize your sponsors you will be lose your voice. the internet is our last beacon of hope.
&gt;i want someone in office who understands that fact, but then says fuck 'em once getting into office.

[has been tried already...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wsgwnz7xpy) (sorta...)
downvoted because you are an ass
yes, i believe that was the joke.
then you tell obama to stop lying to us. oh yea thats what i fucking thought, no fucking soup for you bitch!
my rule of thumb is -- there are a bunch of different rights that people have. freedom of speech is important, but suppose by some strange way it began to take away the rights of others by spreading "hate" or whatever. so some leader is saying that everyone should kill all the jews; then it begins happening and they should have a right to live free and not be persecuted or whatever; then that is a problem and that leader should be punished for inciting violence. but some man just venting or making bullshit threats -- you shouldn't be arrested for that. you should be watched and that person who feels threatened should be able to have a course of action or a backup or whatever. but to arrest somebody and keep them locked up. that's ridiculous. what's the difference between saying something and thinking something? they're both imaginary at a certain point.
dodds redemption? or is he too far gone?
i think it's a clever name.
&gt;look pal, i never claimed to have any solutions. one does not need to have solutions to point out something is stupid. banning malpractice lawsuits is stupid. banning malpractice lawsuits is stupid.

you're really quite unbelievable. the only person in this thread who has suggested banning malpractice lawsuits is you. and you've suggested it twice.

the o.p. was just doing the same thing you claim to be doing: pointing out problems, without claiming to have solutions. after saying that more capitalism is the solution to the healthcare problems, he pointed out, correctly, that malpractice liability is one of the big problems in our healthcare system. since lawsuits and capitalism are not opposing concepts, and since he didn't assert such, a reasonable person would not presume that his call for more capitalism = advocating a ban on malpractice lawsuits. nevertheless, you tritely replied to him:

&gt;so a true capitalist health care would be full of undereducated, sue proof doctors.

i then asked a genuine question:

&gt;do you have a better idea? it's no secret that malpractice is a big contributing factor to the "rising cost of healthcare" that everyone agrees is a problem.

you, again, chose to take the confrontational interpretation of my post, which is that i'm asking if you have a better idea because i think banning lawsuits is better than allowing them, even though i don't make that claim and my post leaves both possibilities open.

you then decided to attack me rather than answer my question. if you didn't have any better ideas, you could have just said "no, i don't, having everyone resolve malpractice issues through lawsuits is the best idea i know of." that might have led to a more reasonable debate about alternative ways of reaching resolution on malpractice issues

but hey, it's a lot more fun to snipe back and forth than to actually debate things i guess. and you obviously hate capitalists and limited-government ideas so why get into a reasonable debate with such people when you could just spew venom at them instead?
that's like saying drawing cartoons of mohammed with a bomb in his hat is grounds for reprisal.

as a principal of life, one must be willing under certain circumstances to fight, die, and kill. drawing the line in the sand is not an act of incitement, but an honourable warning to those who would ignorantly cross it. some people may be more enthusiastic about it than others, braver, or perhaps just more eager.

think of it this way: remember last year when all that drama about the supposed invasion of iran was making the rounds? if it had happened, would you have condemned those who would have spoken of killing him? of overthrowing his presidency by force?

knowing that we all have different minds, different beliefs and understandings, the solution to quelling those who would act prematurely or incorrectly is to dissuade them with logic and rational, but you can't do that if you arrest people every time they voice their opinion. and if that is the course a society takes, then all it does is lead to quiet fermentation of the taboo thoughts. people will discuss it with people they meet who share similar minds as them, but they will do so in secret, and you will have lost the ability argue against them.
the militia guys are wingnuts.
1 term is absolutely enough to determine success or failure.
everyone pays for the greed of everyone. greed is a national and worldwide weakness.
greed is our most important and destructive failure as human beings. 
easy there pal. i never brought up my own views, i was questioning the parent poster about his views (no gray areas regarding free speech).
i hope us guys know how lucky they are to be able to watch the daily show on the internet. in france, we can't any more. us,  enjoy for us!
&gt; they wouldn't lower their prices.

of course they would.  the reason they don't now is because the price is largely set by the insurance companies who have license to do so from the government.  remove government from the equation and now whenever a provider sees he can provide a service for less and undercut his competition, he will.

this is the way it works.  our economy is a testament to that; we are able to buy the many things we can so cheaply because of competition and because the government isn't there to fix the price.

&gt; when you have a heart attack, do you go to a hospital 200 miles away because the hospital there is 30% cheaper?

that's an absurd example, should i give you one of my own?  when you have a heart attack, would you rather go to the hospital down the block, and then have to wait in line behind everybody else who is expecting free health care?

the way i want it to work, the system improves over time.  the way you want it to work, it stays the same.  the bureaucrats get power, and all they're going to be doing every day is working to see that they not only retain that power, but get more.

&gt; hospitals are always full. doctors are always very busy.

the last guy in the white house who tried to do universal health care was clinton.  do you know what he did?  he paid teaching hospitals not to teach.  that's right, in order to reduce projected health care costs in the years ahead, the clinton administration came up with the marvelous idea of paying taxpayer dollars to see to it that the supply of doctors was kept to a minimum.  why?  because less doctors means less dollars the government would have to spend on health care.

that's government-run health care for you.  they don't give a shit about you.  they just don't.  you're a number.  that's all you will ever be to them.

&gt; the market mechanism you describe is real, but it relies on variable demand.

no, it relies on a level playing field.  what makes the banks, the agrocorps, the pharmaceuticals, so corrupt is the fact that they can stuff politicians pockets full of cash to see that the rules are bent so that barriers to competition are erected and newcomers find it impossible to get into the game.  you want to say that the existing system sucks, well i agree, it does.  but it sucks because we've created this huge government that has all of this power, power they can put on sale to the highest bidder.

get rid of government regulation in these domains and sure, you'll see some abuses, but you're also going to see loads of innovation by people just like you who are bemoaning the current state of all of these things, including health care.  i mention agro because it's a great example: the government is actively working to fight organic farmers, to fight people who want to grow their own food, to give license to companies like monsanto to patent crops, to eventually make it impossible for the little guy to be a farmer.  it is government power that enables this kind of larceny, and it is exactly the same situation with the pharmaceutical companies; sure they should be able to invest money in new medications and reap the rewards, but they shouldn't be able to control our access to other remedies, natural remedies, like for instance the medical marijuana you say is legal in your state but which really isn't.  which brings us to:

&gt; treatments are chosen by doctors, and neither the government or my health insurer has much to say about that.

no, they aren't.  insurance companies will not pay for all kinds of different treatments, this does not change when the federal government assumes even more control, this only gets worse.  and doctors want to recommend mmj to their patients all of the time, but in most cases they are unable to.  the government gets in the way, and this is the tip of the iceberg.  let this system come into being today and tomorrow the abuses will simply boggle the imagination.  we know this because we've seen it happen time and time again when we give people this kind of power.

we've even coined an expression that attempts to relate how this is bad.  it goes:

&gt; power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts, absolutely.

this doesn't change simply because we're now talking about health care.

there is another way, and what irritates me so much about this debate is that we haven't even bothered to consider it.  is your position so weak that you can't even consider other ideas as to how we can improve our health care system?

look at the moderation i'm receiving in this thread.  have i said anything at all that deserves mod totals like -5, -10, or -15?  there's the quality of the health care debate today; i'm not even allowed to present my case.

i want to see change just as much as you do.  i just don't think what you've signed on to is change.
are you paid by the industry, or do you actually believe this?

organic agriculture is cheaper than industrial - but in industrial agriculture, many of the costs are externalized. petrochemical fertilizers are both directly subsidized through farm bills and indirectly subsidized through oil company tax breaks.

you're trying to play both sides here - claiming that organics require pesticides and herbicides, but are also at risk for crop loss due to things pesticides and herbicides fight. neither are really the case. gm crops don't have demonstrably better drought resistance than heirloom crops bred for the same purpose. gm crops don't take up fewer pollutants from the soil.

petrochemical fertilizers necessary for industrial agriculture also cause huge ocean dead zones - another externality: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20051663/

so, it's the internet. i don't expect you to change your mind - you're not here to learn, you're here to tell people what's what. but to anyone else watching this: i highly recommend you read the omnivore's dilemma, which is about some of the pitfalls of our industrial food system, including the massive risks we've taken on by chaining so many large food sources together. claiming risk is miniscule because it's never been studied is never a good plan.
suggest additions to every bill that will also legalize marijuana.
yeah, if they arrest this guy, does that mean that anything people did because of him is not a crime?  its all his fault?  what happened to people being responsible for their own actions?  you could go to a million places on the internet and call something inciting... ridiculous, targeted bullshit.
good job, you're at least starting to learn.
really? i am so glad you brought that to my attention. i was all, "whoa, karmanaut is on the edge of something humorous." so, you know... i was helping push him over the edge. but thanks for exposing my captain obvious ways.
they should just kill them all with anal baseball bats, unless one of them can take it all the way till you cannot see the batt anymore... then they can be let go, but this must be done once a month, every month... so even if they pass, they have to do it again next month. that would def teach sexual offenders not to fuck around and future ones that it just is not worth it!
we fear it because we fear.
if that were really true, we'd already be at war with afghanistan and pakistan. oh wait.
we don't want your filthy money.
i'm sorry the website i was reading and chose to submit from wasn't up to your submission standards. it sums up the whole story in less words anyways. 
if it wasn't for the government they wouldn't have to be submitted!! :)
i suppose bill maher is right, but a lot of people have said this before.  the problem is that most people are too uninformed and complacent to even bother voting, much less form a new political party.  hopefully the information generation can help this but i am still not that hopeful.
and when you're done clogging your arteries, head on down to the emergency room for your free emergency bypass.
https://secure2.convio.net/mpp/site/advocacy?cmd=display&amp;page=useraction&amp;id=346

mpp page
prediction: some sort of gay sex/drug scandal will come to light.
i would like to have a hockey mask and a sand rail.. with someone tied up to the front of it.
asking a person if they have a better idea strong implies one agrees with what i said was wrong. 

you then make the leap asking me to provide a solution for whatever reason, probably so you could spout some anti government diatribe.

and yes i don't like anyone who calls themselves a capitalist because more likely than not they have no idea what being a capitalist means.




well, he's republican, so.......
but you forgot that he was a republican.
besides our laws that say it is, think about what you are asking.
when did i say anything about you holding these views?(though it's fairly obvious you do)i was just answering your question with another list of hypotheticals. because to make a law logically consistent allowing someone to be arrested for conspiracy would have to be applied to all crimes not just murder.

you also failed to actually answer any of the questions.
downvoted because you are an ass
source?
why does it matter if they're for home defense or hunting?  that argument always frustrates me.
&gt;the moment he starts telling people to injure another person or persons nail him to the wall.

and he did.
maybe monsanto is involved in the drug cartels to evade tax
another shining example of liberals and progressives who think that the laws of the nation do not apply to them due to their "superior" morality and background, compared to the rest of us. 
but is it a crime already.  so is america bad off now?
ron paul vs. thomas jefferson...thanks reddit. 
he's using the same argument you used to show that it's absurd. (i think)

__a__ commits some  bad act. because __b__ is a part of __a__, __b__ is guilty of that act. fill in the blanks

fox news is a fear and loathing machine. because smith is a part of fox news, smith is guilty of terrible journalism.

america has committed war crimes. because you are a part of america, you are guilty of war crimes.
actually, they are especially opposing on social issues and on foreign policy. the economy and health care were only examples i used of their many differences. in fact, i think the only thing they agree of as far as foreign and domestic issues go, is ending the occupation in iraq and the legalization of pot.

its true that they both support "freedom at home and peace abroad", but they have vastly different ideas of how to do that; ideas which will effect you *greatly*, were one of them to be elected.

to pretend that they are essentially the same is an amazing omission of facts.
&gt;you might have wanted to read them.

i did read them.   what you've provided is your opinion of the limits of private systems.     i asked for evidence that the insurance system was "broken" and "unfixable."        what i'm proposing is to ignore ideology for a moment and take a look at this system to see if/where it could be better regulated.   nobody has done this as far as i'm aware.    i'm open to any studies you can provide though.
&gt;house republicans pointed out that the cbo estimated annual gross costs averaging $770 and as high as $1,380 for the wealthiest.

good to see the republicans still doing their best to represent their supporters. 
your freedoms end where another's begins.
hey lionhearted? since all you do is submit this same blog you might want to start hitting r/losangeles - 
single payer healthcare options will not save the day.  did i offend you too much by telling how it is?  that the united states can't afford it?  if you're for government mandates and fiscal irresponsibility (taking foreign loans via debt bond financing), then by all means please support single payer.  however, when it comes down to it: who is responsible for an individual's healthcare plan?  the individual.  yet again, this is taking responsibility away from the individual and pushing it on to the collective.  if you really want something, sometimes you have to work hard for it.  single payer healthcare is equivalent to a handout.
i think the general idea here is that committing a crime to prevent a greater crime from occurring is "acceptable". i.e. it is ok to ram a car if it is about to plow into a group of kids., etc, etc.
&gt; your article only shows monsanto's expansion.

it's not really an article, but a press release from wholly owned monsanto subsidiary [seminis](http://www.seminis.in/about/history.asp) wich is a pretty big vendor of seeds in [india](http://www.seminis.in/about/history_india.asp). it's deliberately the least negatively biased source i could find, and left as an exersise to the reader to consider if it's really 'a bad thing', like i hint at. 

it's _supposed_ to be hard to find incriminationary evidence in news releases, but all other google hits were to varying degrees crying [wolf](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1082559/the-gm-genocide-thousands-indian-farmers-committing-suicide-using-genetically-modified-crops.html) at this. 

if you thought it was fun when too-big-to-fail-sized financial institutions engage in risky behavior, because they're the 800-pound gorilla, just follow the news about the agri-industry.
it's an internet thing... 
kucinich and paul want transparency, peace, and prosecution for torture.  this was fine when obama agreed with those issues, but now they are back to being wingnuts, wackjobs and kooks. 
  
trouble is, the common good doesn't pay senators the millions of dollars it takes to buy elections and pay pr firms to tell people who they hate. 
  
i ask the next person using the words wackjob, kook, and wingnut to tell me personally why you support war, torture and secrets.
billeddit, ftw.
yes, that also.
&gt;why should conspiracy be a crime? if i draw a picture of someone stabbing someone in the back and then sell it in an art gallery, someone buys that picture and then kills that person by stabbing them in the back, why should the artist be held accountable?

there is no consipracy here because there is no intent by the artist.

&gt;people need to take responsibility for their own actions.

yes they do. ;p

&gt;should everyone who ever **thought about** electrifying their doorknob with enough power to kill an intruder be be arrested for conspiracy to commit public endangerment?

to think of it, no. to do it, depends.

&gt;should everyone who has ever been angry enough to punch someone and thought about it be arrested for conspiracy to commit assault?

thinking about something doesn't make it consipriacy. conspriacy is commiting a criminal act through an agent, such as a child, a group of religious followers, or a talk show host ;). but for that act to be conspiracy that crime must have been commited.


conspiracy != thinking about commiting a crime. none of your examples / questions were about criminal conspiracy.
"in the absence of a demur, i will assume all of your answers are in the affirmative!"
&gt;if a monsanto policy official comes by and tries to take away your seeds, give it to them with both barrels and put 'em in the compost pile.

spoken like a true redditor, hiding away behind his computer
completely agreed.  sodahead is little more than blogspam and i'm pretty sure bouncingballs has some vested interest in it.  

what a shithole of a site.
but. (and there is always a but!) what if the radio host were one of these iranian protestors urging listeners to take up arms against the iranian government?
yeah, some of the dreams from my father about this could become real.
you know what else is dangerous? starvation.

"some of the environmental lobbyists of the western nations are the salt of the earth, but many of them are elitists. they've never experienced the physical sensation of hunger. they do their lobbying from comfortable office suites in washington or brussels. if they lived just one month amid the misery of the developing world, as i have for fifty years, they'd be crying out for tractors and fertilizer and irrigation canals and be outraged that fashionable elitists back home were trying to deny them these things" -[norman borlaug](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_e._borlaug)
you get on the radio and randomly target a restaurant and say it's a disgusting place and every time you go there are rats in your food based on nothing.

you destroyed a business because of your right to free speech.

or you go on a radio and say some guy was sexually harassing kids in a park when the guy never did that.

someone will probably go beat him up, he may lose his job, etc.

you can't just say anything you want about other people if it harms them in some way.  you need truth on your side to make claims and say things like that.

just like you can't say someone is buring in hell for supporting freedom of choice or saying someone should *teach him a lesson". and cryptic crap designed to cause someone harm without specifically telling people what to do.  it crosses the line when you target people like that.
&gt;asking a person if they have a better idea strong implies one agrees with what i said was wrong.

 i didn't say it in direct response to your "a true capitalist..." line. it was said in response to this:

&gt;no. you are just making up a scenario in which those are the only two options. otherwise your perfectly crafted dogmatic world view would be crushed.

in context my line could have meant almost anything. as i said, you interpreted things in the way that's most convenient for you.
&gt;kucinich has sharpie markered over the 2nd

whereas paul just sharpies the part about guns only being delegated to militias, as well as number 16 and 17. ;)

he also doesn't seem too keen on that whole "separation of church and state" thing. guess he likes to pick and choose.
if we turn off the stove, the commies win.
&gt;you want me to be forced to pay for what you want when you can have what you want without forcing me to pay for it.

short answer would be: yes.
i would have to say the same to you.
oh man, i could have sworn i had that as the link! if only reddit would add an edit button...
first off, and i don't mind being blunt with you, i don't think you have any idea what you are talking about. the fda has not done rigorous testing of the gm crops. the fda is a joke of a bureaucracy, and bends for whatever corporation gives them the most money. and to see how great the corporations are for third world countries, read this article and see how great they are...
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1082559/the-gm-genocide-thousands-indian-farmers-committing-suicide-using-genetically-modified-crops.html 
i am not sure if that can be completely attributed to the health care industry and not a good part to academia. us still leads in science and education and funding, even though europe is gaining. and there are lots of innovation in countries with socialized health care.
we won't get fooled again
now that you're here in this thread, what do you want?
&gt; if california were to pass a patriot act of their own, he'd do nothing about it.

that's the biggest crock of bullshit.
you know what's *really* dangerous? belief that gm crops are somehow 'solving' starvation without any evidence past the claims of several very large companies in whose best interest it is to make that claim whether or not it's true!
popularity is a valid metric when we're talking about the outcome of a debate in front of a public forum.  whether you think you had a great point or not, you failed to make it effectively *here*.  you can blame the audience if you want, but you still lost the debate.
my goodness... two more sentences and you will be saying "now off to the oven!!".
the number of elligible voters was calculated by a 2006 census.  people are allowed to show id and vote anywhere.  tallies in excess of 100% could well be due to internal migration, an inaccurate census, people voting near work instead of home, and people voting from near friends or family member's homes.  turnout above 100% happened in several district when khatami was elected in 97 and 2001, and those elections saw much lower voter turnout.  since the mullahs didn't rig the vote for khatami, one can conclude this is the sort of thing that happens in genuine elections in iran.  
lol, that's what you said after bush!
once again, can i please have a specific example? use anything, abortion, guns, enviorment, patents, pirates. whatever just give me a friken example.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=1+billion+hungry

very recent, high-prominence news. seriously, wouldn't it have been faster to just look?
touche.  that's the part i misread, and i stand corrected
well, unfortunately, i forgot to bring a sword. 
yeah! fuck the constitution and the rights of the accused and fuck illegal detention and excess brutality.  let's torture them and rape them!!!

and here's to hoping that your angry, sick response is not born of a reaction to having been a victim.  if that's the case, i feel for you and hope you the best.

if not, grow up.
not to be cocky, but i suggest that you "read up on the history of native american relations" it is a subject most people don't know about and your response is pretty common i suggest reading stannard's american holocaust
just because were afraid doesnt mean we have no reason to be. 
"who's nailin' palin" reference for the win
again, there is plenty of food in the world. actually too much! america dumps a large portion of wheat into the ocean to insure that crop prices remain steady. there is plenty of food, the problem is the people holding it from their countrymen. 
at what point is something more than a thought and less than the action?
own guns and knives, does telling someone else with the same or them telling me that someone should die constitute conspiracy to murder as i already have all the preparations to shoot or stab someone he doesn't like?

how much preparation is required for rape? i already have a penis, does also telling someone i'd like to fuck a hot girl in the back alley constitute conspiracy to commit rape? why?
i'm sure obama would say that jefferson bowls like one
this just in: politician acts like dick to member of the opposite party, news at 11
are we sure they're not the same person/entity?  have you ever seen them together? 
you're missing the point.  you can have health insurance but have the insurance company deny your claims or not cover enough of your costs, so you end up with bills you can't pay.

this applies to people who buy their own coverage as well as people who are covered through their employer.
conspiracy is defined as a plot to carry out some harmful or illegal act.
that is true.  it's also true that those two lied through their teeth over and over again.  powell was the vial of powder guy, rice coined the mushroom cloud line.  they both deserve to have heaps and heaps of criticism laid on them by media and everyone else.  
a lot jefftards were boston massacre deniers
while both are deplorable events, they are somewhat different.  

the invasion of the americas by european settlers from the 1400's - early 1900's was exactly that: an invasion and forceful occupation.  an outside aggressor came from a foreign country and displaced and/or killed the local populace.  this isn't really new behavior, but hadn't previously been done on this scale.

the german-led (although it included more willing hands than just germans) mass slaughter of the jews/gypsies/others in europe in the 1940's was a targeted genocide committed by established countries and governments against their own citizens and members of their own societies.

both types of events are quite awful, but shouldn't be blindly lumped together because they're different both in cause, methods, nature, and timing.
then lets nail his ass to the wall then, in a purely litigious sense of course. =)
i guess the world isn't flat, it's shaped like a log.
&gt; spoken like a true redditor, hiding away behind his computer


spoken like a true redditor, hiding away behind his computer
i have yet to see any company that does not bend over backwards to please israel.  so, good luck with that.
dey turk mah jerrrb!
very few things are actually essential (for human life).  some european countries provide a significant portion of those things (electricity for heating, enough food to survive, health care, etc).  they are doing well.

communist regimes "provide" a lot of *non-essential* things, not essential things.
oh the ironic parallels to the economic. perhaps that could be the name of his new book.  "i wouldn't go in there if i was you, kid! and other tales of economic alchemy". 

clogging toilets and economies.....nice one friedman..

&gt; he says he's also prepared to be a martyr, and that he's protesting - but there is no evidence of him in the protests.

he officially called off all protests after khamenei's friday speech. the guy's a hypocrite.
how it is blogspam? and my "vested" interest in it is only that i like to read the news there, and other content. 

why are people here, on reddit, so abrasive? 
wasn't that fred sanford?

"oh, this is the big one! you hear that, elizabeth?! i'm coming to join you, honey!" 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fred_g._sanford
&gt;you get on the radio and randomly target a restaurant and say it's a disgusting place and every time you go there are rats in your food based on nothing.

&gt;you destroyed a business because of your right to free speech.

if you read my other comments below you would see that in my opinion free speech only applies in criminal cases.

libel/slader is a civil matter.

&gt;or you go on a radio and say some guy was sexually harassing kids in a park when the guy never did that.

&gt;someone will probably go beat him up, he may lose his job, etc.

i don't see the problem here. if a guys gets beat up because you called him a pedophile, the guy who beat him up should be punsihed under criminal law. also, conspiracy does not apply here since you did not intend for harm to come to that person.

&gt;you can't just say anything you want about other people if it harms them in some way. you need truth on your side to make claims and say things like that.

not in america. ;} (unless it is a civil matter; see above)

you have the right to lie and you have the right to your opinion, no matter how wrong. you have the right to express that opinion, and you should.

&gt;just like you can't say someone is buring in hell for supporting freedom of choice...

uhh... people do this all the time. ever hear of westboro baptist church?

&gt;..or saying someone should *teach him a lesson". 

people say this all the time too. should they be put in prison?

&gt;and cryptic crap designed to cause someone harm without specifically telling people what to do. 

where is the line where intent is drawn?

if i say i don't like a guy and a friend of mine kills him should i go to jail for murder?

if i say i wish someone would die and a friend of mine kills him should i go to jail for murder?

where is the intent? there is none? why should i be responsible for my friends actions?

&gt;it crosses the line when you target people like that.

i don't think it does.
i figured that out a long time ago. i just like pissing off the trolls. 
he uses the trips to build support for his various policies. it's something you need to do, and it's something he's good at.
so was larry craig.
well, it's bad off in the sense that hate is a crime. i don't hate anyone, i disagree with a lot of people. but the solution to hate is not legislation or government force. it's vigorous protection of minority rights, without treating crime against them as special.
biased analysis.
keep it coming. we'll have education and defense spending covered pretty soon.
yeah, so?  at least they pretend.  the republicans will tell you god made you poor because he hates you, that you have a sucky job because you're a lazy fuck unlike those hard-working indonesian sweat-shop children, and that you should die in a gutter because we need to spend your tax money on the war on drugs/terrorism/brown people instead of health care.
what?
the lieberman effect?
stop capitalizing on capitalization.
most republicans are not what you think they are, you just are aware of the loudest, most vocal minority of them, as well as the talking heads who must be so to get ratings.  to hold the entire group of them in contempt is childish.
the problem with this is that sometimes the greater crime is "zomg gay marriage!", abortion, or whatever else some people think is a greater crime than murder.  so you really have to lay down the blanket statement that vigilante justice is not just.
diverse societies always fail.

please explain to me how the united states could exist as a coherent nation if different areas of the country are all speaking different languages? it's hard enough organizing people in a "diverse" city where every public announcement has to be written in chinese, spanish, arabic, and tagalog.
blinded was quoting snatch; a good movie.
they've also ruled they actually write the laws not congress. the law is the law and just because the authorities are corrupt doesn't mean they are right simply because they have authority.

i admire your optimism....however if you think there would be no corruption in such a system then i am afraid you have not taken a look at the government budgets.  why would you expect it to have any less waste then say the military or fannie may freddie mac or the war on drugs or the contracts with blackwater?

anything and everything that the government tries to manage will be full of corruption...
"without any clear advantage" = understatement of the day. 
1 open a charity

2 donate to the charity

2 ?????

4 profit!!!
this article is the "howard stern effect" in action.

even though most his viewers hate him; his ratings are way up b/c they're too stupid to realize that they're helping him by watching his show - just like the moron redditors that hate fox news, yet constantly post links to foxnews.com
a lot did. for most of the time prior to the civil war, though, the north was pretty complicit. a more controlling federal government would not have improved the situation as we view it, especially now in the days of lobbying, where the most interested parties(the south) donate the most and usually win out. imagine if jefferson davis had won the election. so much for abolishing slavery, huh?

but guess what? we abolished it by a constitutional amendment, which expressly prohibits slavery in the states. i don't hear paul complaining about it, do you? with a federalist system and freedom of movement, you're guaranteed to be able to go to the best system out of 50 that suits your desires. with a centralized government in d.c., you got one shot.
it's too bad you are full of crap and are basing your claims on nothing.

i guess you have insurance, right?

it's funny how now that iraq is occupied and the banks are bailed out there is no money left for america.

maybe him and lamont went somewhere

lamont, you big dummy!
fair enough, but be aware that also hiding behind the computer with more than a few redditors is a springfield m1a socom ii, mini 14, xd45, and a whole lot of brass to go with it.
completely true. problem is that we are usually fearful of anything that we don't have a reason not to be - it's the default condition wired into us and probably everything else walking or crawling around on the planet.
do you have a citation for this? it sounds to me more like the kind of story monsanto marketing would put out to make people go, "aahhh, poor poppets". it doesn't ring true, when we hear they sued the farmer for their own mistake of allowing contamination, if the regulation is supposed to prevent this contamination by keeping track of it.
a republican hypocrite?!?!?  what??  no way!

blogspam: [please don't] linkjack stories: linking to stories via blog posts that add nothing extra. 

http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette

sodahead is notoriously blogspam and while i apologize for being abrasive, i know you don't really get news from there.  no one does.  

and reddit is full of people like u submitting blogspam to get page views and good, regular users are sick of it.  

now if your intentions were good then accept my apology for the abrasiveness.  if not then...

either way sodahead is a useless right-wing blogspam generator.
well, if he lived according to his own standards, he wouldn't have cheated on his wife in the first place, so this failure is entirely consistent.

by the way, find and read the letter from his staffer's husband to fox news.  it sounds less like an affair and more like coerced sex.  maybe even rape.
tell us what he'd do about it.
yea, we have tons of food here. in places where food is scarce, the populations are starting to grow thanks to advances in medicine. they need to be able to grow food for themselves; shipping in tons of food in from other countries is a band-aid at best (if the country in question could even afford it in the first place). organic farming is not going to cut it in such harsh environments. the plants they grow need to be hardy, they need to be high yielding, they need to be grown densely and in huge numbers. otherwise, people will continue to die of starvation.
america is much larger than many countries with lower health care costs. providing the same level of care to a geographically distributed populous is extremely expensive.
the same guy who ordered fannie and freddie to "roll the dice" on risky mortgages, and thus helped more than nearly anyone else push us into a major economic catastrophe?
awesome
well, i never though i'd see a reddit post in need of more apostrophes.
now that all the important gutting of the wealth of our country is completed, we can talk about the illusion of public input again. great...
&gt;dignity?

wtf is that?
not that i think it's in america's interest to bring investigations about, but the whole world basically would be gung ho for an investigation and sanctions.  it's the us veto at the un that stands in their way.  
&gt;first off, and i don't mind being blunt with you, i don't think you have any idea what you are talking about.

i'm writing a paper on transgenic crops right now so i happen to know exactly what i'm talking about. 

first off, i never said the fda does rigorous testing i said every single gm food item has to go through rigorous scientific testing before getting fda approval. we're talking millions of dollars worth of testing here. second, i could post a link to any number of these tests, but when you post shit like 

&gt;the fda is a joke of a bureaucracy, and bends for whatever corporation gives them the most money.

it makes me wonder if i should even bother since you come off as a nutty conspiracy theorist who would deny any favorable result for gm food despite its test's funders or methodology.

also, i will gladly counter that tabloidishly written article with an article of my own.

http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2008/nov/05/gmcrops-india

pay special attention to the first paragraph:

&gt;suicides among indian farmers have not increased as a result of the introduction of gm crops, **according to a large scientific study.** 

here's another important blurb in case your in a hurry

&gt;new analysis suggests that if anything, suicides among farmers have been decreasing since the introduction of gm cotton by monsanto in 2002

oh, wait. the newspaper must've been payed off by monsanto to post this right?

the logical next step is us voting on those bills ourselves and totally getting rid of politicians or severely limiting their power. 

http://ni4d.us/
damn, but this reminds me of the [it process fail](http://codezest.com/archive/2009/05/31/top-10-reasons-why-employees-leave-in-it.aspx) posted the other day. congressfolk who have never had nonpolitical jobs, or stay in the revolving military-industrial glass brass doors, tend to fuck things up as completely as a tits-in-a-mangle it project. paul appears to have some respect for the working stiff. too bad the system is trying to shut him up or smear him down.  
   
&gt; 2) absolutely no structure
&gt; this is typical for mom &amp; pop shops or those shops who have people who have never worked anywhere else but the company they work for.  they’ve worked for the company for 10-20 years and do not know what “reality” is outside their environment and ways of doing things overall
sure, he noticed that some of the crop did particularly well and he saved those seeds. but surely that is *exactly* what farmers have been doing for millennia and is what has bread the base crop in the first place (that monsanto have taken and based their own seeds on).

i am still appalled that the court in this case did not give the farmer "finders, keepers" rights. sowing these plants carries a risk that it will contaminate other people's crops, and imo if that happens - tough.
"but the spokesman added that cbo did not factor in some potential ramifications, such as job losses stemming from the legislation."

if you ignore the likely vast job losses, then hey no problem!
don't worry about that. it's just the brain damage talking. edit it down to something you can argue with and the rest can stay on the cutting room floor for all anyone cares.
the trilateral commission is a private organization, established to foster closer cooperation between the united states, europe and japan. it was founded in july 1973, at the initiative of david rockefeller; who was chairman of the council on foreign relations at that time. the trilateral commission is widely seen as a counterpart to the council on foreign relations.[1]

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trilateral_commission
it's too bad that we have to call each other names all the time instead of making our own good points.
too late, all the damaging shit already became law.
so you want him to make all the vast, sweeping government changes behind the curtain.  then later on he can stop hiding them?  i don't understand the logic.  he's actively blocking foia requests and keeping visitor records secret.
you are just ignorant ... and that is your fault
there is now kinda.  once u hit submit it should take u to a second page where u can make sure it's all good.

it's exactly what i'd expect from the gop.  a child to parrot what they say right back to them.

i'm sure he'll be quite the little scumbag for the republican party.  meanwhile, they'll cash in on moronic semi-pedo republicans.
yes ... ignorant
what's so hard about being an outsider in a couple of neighborhoods?
exactly how did the trip to nyc and paris help build support for his policies?


i love how often individual anecdotes are published on dkos (and then reddit) as somehow useful data.
&gt;abortion

you can't attack or kill someone who performs an abortion or gets one done.

&gt;guns

you can't shoot someone for looking at you cockeyed.

&gt;enviorment

you can't dump a ton of chemicals into the local water table just because it saves you money.

&gt;patents

you can't take someone's unique idea and work and make a ton of money off it without paying the guy who invented the idea.

&gt;pirates

you can't steal other people's stuff just because someone unrelated harmed you in some way.  like hijack a oil tanker because someone else over fished your coast line.


are you seriously claiming that monsanto are doing it for the good of humanity and not solely for profit. seriously?
it's nice to know that aig is more important than the whole state of california.
[all jefferson really needed was a blimp.](http://z.about.com/d/inventors/1/5/0/u/montgolfier_balloon.jpg)
&gt; the banker, which **recently paid back federal troubled asset relief program (tarp) funding**, has said its outlook shows that profits as well as bonuses will reach a new peak at the end of 2009.

so what's your problem?
perhaps he's referring to the end of second barbary war and the end of us tribute to the barbary coast?
&gt;also, conspiracy does not apply here since you did not intend for harm to come to that person.

ah, the fox news defense.  now i see why it's very hard for you to understand, you're an idiot.
cnn: as bad as fox.

considering we don't even know the extent of who is considered a 'terrorist', i'm not in a hurry to deny rights to fellow americans - unlike cnn.
wtf? 

so, you're saying that this is like "i just sucker-punched you in the face with a mega-billion dollar financial catastrophe, forcing the young generation to finance gm, aig, fannie, and all other trough-takers for the entirety of your lives-- all with a collapsed paper money...

but from now on-- i'll warn you first."
relatively speaking, yes, i do believe that paul is more viable than kucinich.  great character he may be, kucinich is simply too far left with his views to ever garner enough middle of the road votes.  paul meanwhile certainly could capture the middle of the road votes as many of his views tend to be more centrist. 

to put it another way - kucinich's ceiling is made out of steel, paul's is made out of glass. 

but yes, of course, neither one is viable compared to most major dem/rep candidates though.
oh, in my mind it's always been a half-joke at the same time, because if you have an industry too closely bound to the national government, you get fascism.  just like we do.
i'm not trying to cast him in black-or-white terms (heh).  i'm pointing out that crap like this slides him a little further from "messiah" and a little closer to "stereotypical lying politician".  

&gt; i'm willing to cut him some slack on the little stuff.

i would be too, except that fulfilling this promise only required a few days of *inaction* on his part.  

&gt; even with this kind of program in place, the most the people can do is express their disapproval, which is something they can do immediately afterward anyway.

a campaign to get people to contact the president's office clamoring for a veto has a lot more impact than just bitching about politics as usual.
except for the 25 mentions in the first five pages of reddit.
besides that and all the news coverage, yeah you're dead on.
whatever. we have lost control. i don't see the us ever turning around without revolution, and we are years away from that.
but that's the problem with a two-party system, isn't it.  if you don't like either candidate, what can you do?  i know everyone says "get out there and do something about it, that's your responsibility" and we can certainly give it a damn good run, but at the end of the day, i have a feeling we'll still be stuck with two sides of the same political coin.
infringing on the life(murder/assalt/battery/rape), liberty(kidnapping/prison) or property(theft/rape/copyrights) of another individual is not a freedom i want to have, nor wanting any one else to have.

see, this is why we give examples. i agree with you. ;)
&gt;are you paid by the industry, or do you actually believe this?

you seem confused about my position. i support intelligent sustainable agriculture, not wasteful or misguided practices. we need to use  technology like gmos and modern genetic breeding in concert, develop management systems for waste, and support more self sufficient local markets. 

much of this is not in place but is in development. i have seen first hand the advances in genetic modification of plants using high through put screens for mutants and insertion of gene regions. i strongly believe the promise of these future strains will change the face of industrial agriculture. from one of waste to a more efficient system.

and no, i do not work for industrial agriculture or supporting industries.

&gt;organic agriculture is cheaper than industrial

not really. while some costs are externalized the real savings are produced from the tremendously large scale, and a well entrenched distribution and processing network.

&gt;claiming that organics require pesticides and herbicides, but are also at risk for crop loss due to things pesticides and herbicides fight.

organics require topicals, gm crops require less because they have some resistance already. organics are at higher risk because the effect is transient.  

&gt;gm crops don't have demonstrably better drought resistance than heirloom crops bred for the same purpose. 
&gt;gm crops don't take up fewer pollutants from the soil.

genetic modification is a tool, not a product. simply because something does not exist today commercially, does not mean that it cannot be created. i cited examples that are on the horizon for gmos.

if you had glanced at the literature i posted you could see that genes have been implicated in drought resistance and it is only a matter of time before they are exploited, through breeding and/or transgenics. 
there are also many mutants that currently exist in labs that take up less toxins from the soil. 

&gt;highly recommend you read the omnivore's dilemma

read it, i agree that we, as a species need to develop a equilibrium with nature. i prefer sustainable and local agriculture to the organic craze because it better represents what we should be striving for, using both technology and the natural ecosystem to our advantage.

&gt;claiming risk is miniscule because it's never been studied is never a good plan.

the simple biology of it lends itself to low risk. they are taking known proteins that we have been eating for millenia and putting them in different species. the toxic impact of current gm crops has not been proven in any of the studies done. future gm crops will be made using similar methods, that is, made current proteins more hearty, or simply making a currently non-toxic protein transgenic. while it is certainly possible to create a toxic gm crop, it is to no ones advantage. 


funny you are writing a paper on transgenic crops, because i studied them too. a lot. rigorous testing by those corporations doesn't mean much to the average person, because we are well aware of how companies skew statistics and internal testings the way they see fit. that isn't a conspiracy theory, that is fact. since you are writing a paper right now, i will assume you are in college. you are young. and like all college students (us too back in the day), you believe you understand the world better than anyone. i am not a conspiracy theorist, and if you believe anyone who distrusts giant corporations is a conspiracy theorist, then you are going to isolate yourself pretty badly in this world. there has been no testing by "outside" sources, for example the fda to prove if gm crops are safe or unsafe. imagine that monsanto invested millions and millions of dollars into their seeds, and their tests reveal that they cause cancer, do you think they will stop selling their seeds? probably not. they would skew the results so the fda would approve them. 
now, i find your article to be quite interesting. but again, that is only a small sample of the world. my whole basis for this argument is that gm crops are untested and unknown. there is no way to know if they are healthy or unhealthy. if you like eatting unnatural foods that have been created in a lab, then good on you. but me, i don't. 
"the original poster made a sound argument, which you fit well into, even as you now try to weasel out of an unsupportable postion."

i'm not trying to weasel out of anything, and i find it incredibly offensive that you make the claim.

his original post, if you even bothered to understand it, was that people who don't want nationalized health care must not have had relatives die.

here, let me quote him for you.

"i'm pretty fed up with hearing these people on the radio that haven't been screwed over yet. they've apparently never had an relative suffer because the best care can't be paid for, or they start losing many possessions to pay for care. this is a sick system where those who can pay feel that it's perfectly okay for those that can't to suffer and die, or suffer bankruptcy as a result of illness. the only folks to feel our system is "ok" are the ones who haven't had a real problem yet, and they can afford to remain blissfully ignorant."

he says people are are a must never have experienced b.

as a person who falls into that classificaiton of a, i can prove his claim is wrong, as i have experienced b.

is that clear enough for you?  i'll simplify it some more.  people in class a aren't only comprised solely of people who have never experienced situation b.  

just because you personally want national health care doesn't mean you shouldn't spend 2 freaking minutes to understand my point before you start getting offensive.

here, i'll say it again, with additional data:
1) i can't pay for serious health care. if i get sick right now, i'll probably lose my home and everything.
2) i still don't want national health.

see how much i don't fit into his black and white definition?

what part of my not fitting into his definition are you getting confused into thinking i "fit well into"

is it the part where i'm not able to afford decent health care? is it the part where i've had relatives and close family die because of lack of decent health care?  is it some part you're imagining because you can't conceive of anything else?

i'm thinking i'm communicating fine, but you've simply decided to read my words through filtered glasses.

reading your post again, i've come to the conclusion that you believe i'm trying to create an argument against national health care.

you're confused.  i'm against it, but i'm not bothering to argue it.  you completely missed the point that i'm not arguing against national health care, but simply arguing against his definition.

is that freaking clear now?
nah, you probably don't.  you want a canadian-style single-payer system where doctors' offices and medical facilities are independent businesses that just happen to bill the government instead of their patients.
... and they correctly rank it in priority just below the national pooper scooper bill.

i support legalization, too, but if it trumps health care on the national agenda i'll vote the bums out and then go out looking for all you norml assholes.
perhaps pick up a history book?  or watch the news?
why do all cosntitution-phobes tend to believe that this nation will be different and will last for all eternity?
so long as we're playing the "no true scotsman" game, *real* conservatism is simply traditionalism. conservatives want to preserve vaunted human traditions like slavery, despotism, and feudalism.
i hate knee-jerk stuff like this. a ufo could be anything, not just aliens.
the point of holding a discussion is to gain understanding of another's point of view. it is not to win an argument. it is not to try to force your opinion on other people.

i am sorry that you can not hold an adult discussion without resulting to personal attacks. its really disappointing.
that link says nothing about whether or not you can fence off your water. on my families property, we have many ponds fenced off without any oversight. just so you know, there are *zero* natural lakes or ponds in texas. all of them are artificial. that pamphlet therefore mostly about river and spring resources, which have been regulated for longer than you or i have been alive- and with reason. and it still says there are exceptions for many reasons- such as agriculture and ranching. i don't see where the evil corporations are controlling me.
oh i see! it's this [one](http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/524/is-the-trilateral-commission-the-secret-organization-that-runs-the-world) right?
"gun coward" i think more aptly describes those who are so irrationally fearful of them.
tell me: are you even more afraid of ladders and bathtubs and bottles of cleaning chemicals under your kitchen sink?  because you should be.  how about cars?
considering he is giving away 90% of his assets, there had better be a damn good ????.
i'm a conservative, and don't want to preserve any of those traditions.
people blame john ensign for this.  they pass judgment on him.  they call him a "hypocrite".   some even demand that he resign his seat.

but what they and a lot of people don't fully understand is that he really, really deserves what he's going through.  and i mean that sincerely.

hypocrisy is not a crime nor should it be.  but it should have serious consequences for the hypocrite in question, especially when the hypocrite is a holder of high office.  when a person seeks and enjoys political gains by taking a holier-than-thou position on various topics, then that person fully deserves whatever wrath society holds in store.  

john ensign is a disgrace.  not for cheating on his wife.  that's bad, but that's between him and her.  john ensign is a disgrace because he pointed his bony finger at other public cheaters and denounced them in no uncertain terms.  john ensign is a disgrace because he publicly called for resignations of other politician cheaters, yet he thinks it's ok for him to keep his own job.  john ensign is a disgrace because, when push comes to shove, he shows that he operates on only one principle: look out for john ensign.  
nope. i voted for john kerry in 2004 despite some misgivings about him. i also voted for obama in 2008. i'm just sane enough to realize that the rest of the population disagreeing with me isn't the same as election theft.
why would we ever want to save those things?  self-responsibility, people need to learn it.  buys million dollar house, works at mcdonalds, doesn't pay $80 for healthcare, cries when can't make ridiculous mortgage payment, expects hard working people to bailout fucking retards.

i hope they lose their homes, i hope the steel mills and auto plants go out of business.  i hope the 50mil people learn to pay $80/month for healthcare, i hope unions are smashed, i hope we go back to an age where stupidity is not put on a pedestal, let the dumb die.
for what it's worth, the lawmakers don't read them, either.
maybe he took the stimulus money and went south?
who said anything about monsanto. i readily admit they are evil as hell. i am talking about the technology and promise of genetically modified organisms. 

monsanto does not have a monopoly on gmos.    
you mean a whole federal department that would be dedicated to nothing but diplomacy and spreading peace throughout the world?  that would be so fantastic and amazing!
perhaps we could call it the state department?  oh wai...
...and continuing to fight pointless wars until we are fully bankrupt.  it worked out so well for the russians and now it is our turn.
i've never watched the guy, but can anyone tell me:

is he actually neutral, or is just not quite as insane as everyone else there so that their 10 ticks to the right slant make his 5 ticks to the right look reasonable by comparison?
step 1: get rid of the federal government. step 2: ????? step 3: prosper.
does freedom of speech allow you to call 911 and falsely tell the police that your next door neighbor just put a gun to your head and said he'd put a bullet in your brain if you don't move out of your house by tomorrow?
this sun tzu guy must not have heard about ww2, he should really educate himself before spouting off.
i don't think your newton comparison is very strong. the reason that slavery is relevant to the founding fathers is because they wrote about and fought for liberty. newton wrote about physics and mathematics- not  related to freedom. 

that being said, i agree with the rest of your post.
that would be funny. "hey, midwest conservatives- you're all french now."
in what way?  
wasn't he separated? that doesn't count as "cheating". of course, the other person being married still makes it a dick move.
clearly, there is a reason that they are concerned for their legal skins - it's because waterboarding is torture, and it is dangerous.
the civil war was more about states rights than slavery. lincoln use the slavery issue to gain popular support and to keep europe from interceding on the south's behalf.
i don't know man, i hear upwards of 79% of londoners are happy with it. maybe you're right though, i have a lot to learn still.  

well actually, you are making a logical fallacy.

he only says those that take a position cannot have experienced what he has. you may be a complete an utter sadist, who cares not about his family. that doesn't mean your argument is sound. there are implied conditions to his argument, which you ignore.

you presumed he was making a totalistic argument. he wasn't.

you still haven't defined why you are against it, which destroys your basis for making a statement.

i can be all for loving bears, even as i am being eaten by a bear. i may be insane, stupid, or masochistic. it doesn't really matter. my position is a stupid position irregardless of my desire to limit my argument.

since, you apparently missed my point that this was a drive by comment. it's one step above being a troll. is that clear enough?

well that's the most well thought out argument i've seen yet.
 
you're simply discounting the all the contradictory data about population size, quality of care and positive outcomes compared to other countries, then? 

and, oh, that's how you overcame the discussion about wait times and age demographics and metrics compared to other systems?

bravo
what about nuns' habits? aren't they just catholic burqas? is catholic france going to strip the nuns bare, too?
in addition, the number of registered residents is based on a 2006 census.  internal migration over three years could be responsible for some of the excess votes as well.  
it's time to stop thinking of fox news as an ideological news channel and to start thinking of it the way its producers do: as an ongoing reality television series, based only loosely upon real-world events, featuring characters imagining they are reporters, selected carefully for their ability to generate internal conflict and thus, entertainment.  it is not by accident that smith can say:
&gt;“relations in the building are perfect. roger is 100 percent supportive.”

there is no *genuine* conflict, because the parties do not take their own ideological positions seriously.  what they take seriously is ratings, generated from attention and faux conflict.  it bears note that the various characters' positions are, taken alone, positively pedestrian and boring.  to wit, smith's faux contrarian view--"we are america; we don’t torture. and the moment that is not the case, i want off the train”--is neither contrarian nor unpopular, and as a form of thought about contemporary politics, it's about as deep as one might expect from jack handy.  only in a very carefully manufactured reality could this qualify as daring and worthy of attention from the new york times.


fox news is to reporting and public intellectualism what american idol is to singing or what america's next top model is to fashion.  it is not a real contributor or player; it is a carefully-produced mini-drama about the idea.  
it was twenty years, not four.
most republicans share the beliefs and opinions espoused by fox news. the only difference is that they're not obnoxiously loud and in-your-face about them, which is why these handful of people get paid millions of dollars to share their views while the average republican merely thinks these things to themselves.

if you think otherwise, i can only imagine that you've never been in geographic areas with a majority republican population.
you mean this: http://www.usphs.gov

the usa has a uniformed health service.

sounds like you may be one of the first to go in your brave new world. 
global warming will come to a halt when the ones that have lost their jobs have starved to death and countries have gone broke because of these lost jobs and lost tax base! somebody needs to come up with a better fucking idea or we all will lose!
this is an interesting example because it clearly interfers with public safety. after thinking about this, i would have to agree that in this case, no, freedom of speech should not apply.

it seems you have found a shade of gray to my comment above. bravo!
and becasue the democrats pretend that makes it better ... they both are corrupt and destroying the country

there's no evidence that shepard smith is a republican at all, so the phrase "republicans like shepard smith" is absurd in its own right.

more importantly, the reason you like shepard smith is because you do agree with him, not because you don't. so your statement about deriving satisfaction from *disagreeing* with him makes no sense whatsoever.
&gt; no one is stopping you from buying gm free, nor will they ever.

lack of consumer information would be a problem, unless you're in certain other regions, such as the european union, japan, malaysia or australia..

i _could_ crack a joke about the absolutely perfect health of impoverished, american kids, and the fact that [an estimated 75% of processed foods contain gm ingredients](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetically_modified_food#cite_note-18). but to do so, would be both unscientific and tasteless..

i'm actually very happy about the advances and research in what you call 'good science', but it's the accelerated, widespread use, and problems with intellectual property i'm worried about. read up on the problems in this example on the difficulties in proving [harmful effects from food](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l-tryptophan#tryptophan_supplements_and_ems). from my understanding of the scientific method, and the fact that researchers will be hit with a pretty powerful pro-gm machine, it's going to take some time to provide a level of confidence i'm satisfied with (this was people actually dying from food, there's plenty of side effects that are less severe, and therefore harder to detect, that i'd still be unhappy about catching).


the reason i'm raging about this is, it's hitting close to home. poverty wars and famine is nothing new, and comfortably far away. carefree adoption of gm in foods i'd have no choice to avoid, plus companies achieving monopoly status in their field would be bad for me as a consumer, plus it's easy to focus on the organization knowingly profiting from this. 
what?

i am in favour of everyone in violation of international law being prosecuted.  i was simply pointing out that rightwingers would most likely be disturbed by the consequences of doing so, as israel is surpassed in their number of violations by only one other nation in the world.
my apologies (sincerely), i read too fast and misinterpreted the point of view you were taking.  i deserve whatever name you want to call me.
what you have said is true. however, there is a defense called the "necessity defense" which prevails. there are restrictions, of course, but the defense basically says " conduct which the actor believes to be necessary to avoid a harm or evil to himself or another is justifiable . . . ."

in particular, see the amy carter, cia case.
that's all fine and good... just don't expect one single dollar of federal money.
where are you *thegrammarnazi*? 

[how to properly use the term "begging the question."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/begging_the_question)
i obviously did not say that.
[achievement unlocked](http://tf2wiki.net/wiki/spy_achievements).
tyranny of the masses. is it freedom when two wolves and a sheep vote for whats for dinner? is it not theft when one person votes his money out of someone's pocket rather than forcing it with a gun? forget what you know, democracy =/= freedom, and it certainly doesn't equal what is right.
there’s an old saying in tennessee — i know it’s in texas, probably in tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. fool me — you can’t get fooled again.
by 'their respective party' do you mean the general people that make up that political party, or the general selection of the representatives of that political party? the poll at http://www.dehp.net/candidate/stats.php shows that kucinich is very mainstream, and in line with the issues the voters care about. it's only once you turn an election into a personality popularity contest, rather than an issues popularity contest, that kucinich starts to look odd-ball.

i'd love to see more detailed, methodical studies done in this vein, to see how skewed the us representatives are vs. what issues the us public care about.
i'm a liberal dem, and i have an honest job. what's your point, douche?
&gt;funny you are writing a paper on transgenic crops, because i studied them too. a lot. rigorous testing by those corporations doesn't mean much to the average person, because we are well aware of how companies skew statistics and internal testings the way they see fit.

you don't get it, do you? [many studies have already been done on gm food independent of the developers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gm_food_controversy). what you're writing is the very definition of 'conspiracy theorist'. are you aware that the entire european union is against the distribution of gm food on the basis of health concerns? are you aware that not a single scientific study from the eu or greenpeace or anyone has been brought forward proving gm foods to be dangerous in any way whatsoever? their arguments always revolve around 'possible long term complications'. you can imagine all the possible problems that arise from us government dealing with big business you want, but when you consider that this is an international product, and that the entire eu, as well as many other countries are against its distribution its quite ludicrous to suggest even for a second that the science behind these results isn't completely sound.



p.s. if you've never eaten a honeycrisp apple, i feel sorry for you.
gdp is not "spent."  spending, in fact, contributes to gdp.
what about poland? how was the invasion of the americas by european settlers fundamentally different than the invasion of poland?
&gt;there is simply too many minutes to fill to not inject opinion from pundits

that's not what's going on. the reason is that opinion sells, news doesn't.

it's perhaps ironic that the blame for the content broadcast on fox news lies not with the people who run it, but with the masses who demand it.
what would your solution be?  send everyone in the america's back to the old world?

the catch is they can't afford either. or this multitude of wars we intend to keep running.
deuteronomy 22:22 (new king james version)

22 “if a man is found lying with a woman married to a husband, then both of them shall die—the man that lay with the woman, and the woman; so you shall put away the evil from israel. 
i want free food... and a house!
resign for being a hypocrite? 
just one van would get them all back.
fucking kangaroos.
i pay taxes. how about we stop policing the world and reduce the military industrial complex by, oh i don't know, 10%, that outta cover it. 
non-violence is great, but it doesn't get roads built. and i don't need militant police to make me pay my taxes, i do it because i am part of a society with common needs, from which all of us benefit, and to which all of us should contribute.

not sure where you stand, but communism doesn't work and libertarianism sounds nice until you spend some time in somalia.
it's the liberals who need to learn that there's a difference between conservatism and insanity, because they tend to describe most conservative political positions as insanity. when you describe your oposition as "insane", it becomes impossible for you to acknowledge that their viewpoint has *any* merit.
50,000,000 - 19,000 = profit.
sounds good to me! i still want my free house and food.
i think you raise some valid points, both concerning how easy this promise would be to live up to and the good reasons for doing it.

i'm still a little skeptical about how much good clamoring for a veto would actually do, but i grant that it would be better if the clamoring could happen before the signing.

i guess i was just a little overwhelmed by the vitriol some people seem to be able to work up over this issue.  i didn't mean to disparage the legitimacy of the complaint itself.
i was poking fun at how nonsensical his comment was.
lol
how are they helping him? by allowing him to sign lucrative contracts and buy mansions?

i seriously doubt anyone cares about his financial success. this is hardly the issue here.
&gt; mega-billion

i do think you meant to say mega-trillion
infowars is just a host page for ads, right?
those are the only things that make sense.
oh no!
unexpected technical hurdles is a nice way of calling us all suckers.
enjoy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxzrbjyx__e

penn &amp; teller, bullshit!,  banning water
who do you mean by we? do you mean all americans? do you mean all americans with european ancestry? does that include people whose ancestors came to america after the closing of the frontier? what about people with native american and european ancestry? or do you mean humanity in general?
when did these reparations occur?
heh... i know this is going to get downvoted fast...
no paine no gain, i guess.  

(you were thinking it too!)
i believe `ejp1082` was talking about the things in the sentence directly preceding that. ron paul wants abortion to be a state issue, he's against the civil rights act, and he hates teh gheys.

&gt; the civil rights act... diminish[ed] individual liberty

 \- ron paul, civil rights act anniversary speech, 2004

&gt; if homosexual groups want to enforce their way on us, there’s no right to do that

&gt; ...

&gt; the defense of marriage act is proper

 \- ron paul, gop values voters presidential debate, 2007

&gt; there has to be a criminal penalty for the person that’s committing that crime. and i think that is the abortionist.

 \- ron paul, gop youtube debate, 2007
well it should come as a surprise to no one... hannity's only purpose of the show is to attack democrats or republicans who are supporting a democratic legislation.
sounds like she fell on his pork sword, so i guess that's near enough for him.
"words must have meaning.  actions must have consequences."
i haven't read the article, nor do i know much about john ensign - but did he pass judgment on clinton and craig based on the crimes they were accused of, or their infidelity?  just want to make sure i can call this guy an asshole without doing my own due diligence.

*edit - fixed typo, though it added to the laziness of my post.
oops
ok, so what is your point? that i will get "very fucking angry" if for once hamas is held responsible for its crimes? you don't know me.
you appear to have forgotten the 

*puts on sunglasses*

part.

*yeeeaahhhhh????*
look, if you're seriously interested, and are not simply one of those who *wish* that it was an inside job planned and executed by the u.s. and/or israel because of some grievance these people obviously have, then there's a wealth of information out there. this happened almost 8 years ago now, so please forgive me if i don't do the homework for you. really, look at all the information available, by all means, study the different "sides" and draw your conclusions.
and for good reason.  it sucks having a uniform set of aeronautical standards for the entire country.  when i cross the border between illinois and indiana, i want class a airspace to change from 18,000 msl to 21,000 msl, goddammit!  then when we cross over ohio it can become something more ohio-like.  also the ifr airways in pennsylvania will be called "turnpikes" and charge you a toll.  the separation requirements will be lower, but don't worry - they go back up again upon crossing into kentucky.

come on, it'll be fun for everybody! and nobody - not the faa, not the icao - is going to tell me otherwise!!!
wonder if he is making his notes on that "special" countrywide loan he has.
&gt;lack of consumer information would be a problem

i have no issue with labeling. but that seems more of a legislative issue than an argument against gm crops themselves.

&gt;l-tryptophan stuff

i am aware of the controversy surrounding the deaths from l-tryptophan and at least from my perspective have viewed as an issue of contamination. i personally think that genetic engineering simply got scapegoated due to it being a relatively new technology at the time. in the scientific community it has largely been debunked as not the fault of the engineered bacteria.

l-tryptophan is not food, it is purified protein, a far cry from the mix of macromolecules that your daily meals are. it would be like comparing tabasco sauce to pepper spray. 
 
&gt;researchers will be hit with a pretty powerful pro-gm machine

as a researcher myself, i can honestly say that there is no "pro-gm machine". genetic modification is a tool, we use that tool as a means to an end. if other techniques give a better result, we use that. genetic modification is a ubiquitous and extremely powerful technique, and it is often the best option for working with organisms on a molecular level.

&gt;it's going to take some time to provide a level of confidence i'm satisfied with

that is fine, but don't argue to prevent others from something simply because you do not want to participate. there are still options out there for those who want to buy non-gm food.

&gt;carefree adoption of gm in foods i'd have no choice to avoid, plus companies achieving monopoly status

people are not being forced to grow gm crops, they are choosing to because they are superior. furthermore, monsanto does not have anything close to a monopoly, they simply have a popular product in the agricultural field. there are many many other corporations, research institutes, etc. that practice genetic engineering for profit. 
he did. 

he didn't call clinton to the table because he lied...but because he cheated. 
dont do that.
this is about legal immigration.
resign for having an affair. he went after clinton, not because clinton was a hypocrite (he wasn't) but because he was a cheater. 
this "37th" bit was a play by moore to make the who report reflect poorly on the us.  the problem is that the metric is poorly founded.  this has been argued very often in the past (over a year ago on reddit alone).  if "37th" is to be brought up at all, it should be better qualified, else it is merely misinformation.
conservatives just don't understand the concept of hypocrisy.  no matter what they do, they can always justify it because they're the good guys and everyone else is evil and trying to destroy society.  being able to hold contradicting opinions (it's okay for me, but wrong for everyone else) is a prerequisite for being a conservative.
well, it's aways long-term short-term tradeoff when it comes to dollars.

does he cancel his highly-rated show and lose money in the short-term in order to better unify his base customers?
then you are not part of the problem, idiot. 
*cry for attention*
having such excusivity breeds contempt and disdain for those not of that ethnic group. downvoters, if your ancestors emigrated to the states from somewhere that did not speak english, what were their first priorities? get a job, get a home, learn englsh so that you can assimilate.

when you fail to have assimilation, it leads to tension and hostility. never mind the fact that studies have shown immersion to be a better learning method than english as a second language.

buchanan and the rest of the new nazi party are backasswards, without a doubt. just don't discount the idea because of who is giving it.

part of the reason the country is slowly beginning to tear itself apart is a lack of national identity. in no other country (unless i'm mistaken), do people identify themself as a "hyphenated-something". unless you are a dual national, either you are an american/french/russian/etc. or you aren't. having a national language would go a long way towards achieving some of that unity. you want to say you are of a certain descent, fine; but you are either an american or not.

like i said...the driver's ed test here is in 35 languages, but the sign at the end of the street only says "stop".
it would be interesting to see what would happen if people in the usa took to the streets like they did in iran.  

i suspect there would be very little talk from the corporate media about how great it is that people are expressing their free speech rights.  and the military/police response? one can only imagine.  
hey, remember when you could get healthcare for $100 a month?  oh wait, you still can, this must mean mcdonalds workers are "healthy and wealthy" since the group of people who can afford healthcare is an exclusive group of people called, "everyone with a job who is not an idiot."
if republicans and democrats weren't all fucking retarded like yourself,  pretending there is some major difference between the two, i would simply disagree with them,rather than laughing with contempt at all you lowbrows.
most of our government as well as many other industries are controlled by corporate interests.  whats new?
the heritage foundation is at it again, giving their idiocratic talking points to republican-conservative cretins in the u.s. congress...
right.  just keep selling guns until you have proof.
if innocent people die, oh well, at least you made a fucktarded pretense of respecting rights.
no, i think you misunderstand. see... this guy is a pol-i-tish-un. that means he is not only above the law but also immune from humiliation for public silliness. this was most like a trick to expose the affair now, get the "bad" press and then in 2012 when he decides to be moral leader in chief, this will be "old news" and anyone bringing it up will be considered republican bashing or dragging up old events before he found the lord and changed his life and now only wants to benefit mankind, not fuck his secretary. 
would you be killed in your sleep, like an ailing pet?
no i don't have a citation, as i learned this by talking with some it folks that work for monsanto in st louis. even they think it's a fucked up situation but the government has a telescope up their asses to ensure they don't inadvertently destroy the us food supply, so they pass that ass reaming on to the farmers in the form of tight control of the seed. 

if farmers held on to rogue seeds and they mutated outside the control of monsanto and it brought about the emergence of super bugs or any cancer causing corn, monsanto would be held responsible, not the farmer. thus, they're litigious as fuck to prevent that scenario.

like i said, i'm not a big fan of the company, but i understand the complexities of the situation. personally i don't think any biological, non-sterile entity placed into the ecosystem should be patentable, but at the same time we need a way to force accountability.
don't be so rough on yourself.
"ze americans ahr veak and decadent -- ahr puhr race of ubermench vill crush zem." 
i'm a computer scientist. if your computer gets fucked up, your life is void. sure, you'd still have your health, but if you can't be a productive, functioning member of society, your life might as well be void. now, where's my fucking ferrari?
air defenses weren't completely out of order. they were perhaps limited which accounts for a slight delay in deployment of interceptor fighter planes etc. this is well-documented. if all defenses had been reduced to zero (which absolutely no sane government would allow, at any time, anyway), it follows that there would have been *zero* reaction. which is untrue.

you also forget that even with 100% functional defenses in place, there's no guarantee of success. take the emergency landing in the hudson earlier this year, for instance: the pilot could just as well have faked the trouble and instead of landing in the river, he could have plowed into the city. it would have been a matter of minutes or seconds that decided the differentiated the two scenarios, and air defenses would have "failed" yet again.
i would think any sensible person with just facts about single payer healthcare, rather than the misinformation put out to distract and mislead, would be for it.
not really.  since you can chose not to pay sales tax by.... not purchasing the product.  it's your choice.

property tax on the other hand, is not something you have a choice about.
specifically, it was about a state's right to allow one group of people to enslave another group of people.  without the slavery issue, there wouldn't have been a civil war, at least not in 1861.  

lincoln was strongly anti-slavery before the civil war.  in 1858, one the the greatest presidents in history stated:   
"'a house divided against itself cannot stand.'  i believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. i do not expect the union to be dissolved — i do not expect the house to fall — but i do expect it will cease to be divided. it will become all one thing, or all the other."

not surprisingly, the south didn't like this and decided to leave the union before president lincoln took office.  if the civil war was about states rights and not slavery the south picked an unusual time to attempt to leave the union.  


the democratic party should give buchanan some kind of award for recruiting. 
nothing wrong with slave labor... as punishment for a crime.  read the 13th amendment which permits such.
then you are no better than he. goodnight, and thanks for proving my point.
&gt; more healthy for the consumers

really? let's see some sources.
&gt;on the recent credit card legislation, which included a controversial measure to allow guns in national parks, he waited just two.

what the fuck?
now someone interpret this in light of brandenburg v. ohio. gogogo.
i wasn't using foul language to make a point, i was using it because you were pissing me off.  my point was in the first sentence, if you didn't notice.

&gt; did you ever consider that usa is an expensive place to live, and maybe you should adjust costs for the overall cost of living?

the cost of living isn't any higher in the us than it is in western europe. 

&gt; did you wonder how statistics are skewed due to the large number of uninsured people getting tons of really expensive emergency room care which gets paid by people like me who are insured?

which is a byproduct of our totally kickass competition-generating system that you love.

&gt; did you adjust for the quality of care ?

"quality of care" is a fairly nebulous concept, so why don't we just go with life expectancy?  oh, right, it's the same as in the socialist countries.  and i think you'd have a hard time arguing that the average american is healthier than the average european/canadian... but if you can find some statistics i'd be happy to look at them.

anyway, thanks for judging my entire rhetorical ability, nay, my entire intellect based on two sentences in a web forum.  that's not more offensive than the word "fucking," unless you're a retard.  retard.
your argument relies on the myth of the 'free market.'
iran is not obama's war.

i am worried about pakghanistan though.  there does not seem to be a goal or exit strategy.
no. democracy sucks.
aren't we all?
there is sufficient evidence to prosecute the bush administration and 80% of the bureaucrats in washington for war crimes. why is america silent?
holy crap that asshole lives in duluth? figures, fucking georgia.
just barely
would you want clinton to resign for having an affair? if not, then why place a double standard for ensign, and other republicans? 

while i agree ensign is a hypocritical scumbag, i personally don't care what he does in his personal life. 
i appreciate your self-correction. but i still maintain that it's not even a reasonable supposition. yes, it's a *possibility* that the attackers knew about lowered defenses on that day, but the mere existence of a possibility does not automatically raise the chances of it being an actuality. to use the bank robber analogy again: just because a robber decides to rob a bank on a day when -- for whatever reason -- the alarm system is defective does *not* make it a reasonable supposition that he *knew* that would be the case. stronger arguments and evidence is required for that, which in the case of 9/11 simply don't exist. "truthers" might disagree with that but that's just tough shit.
not the same thing at all. gorbachev was already amenable to reagan's opportunistic exhortation, and reagan knew it, otherwise he wouldn't have said it.

in the case of iran, we have to be careful not to goad the powers that be into further digging in their heels, and they've already complained about [obama's "hasty remarks" and us meddling](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/8uok3/ahmadinejad_says_obamas_hasty_remarks_exclude_us/). this _must_ appear as much as possible to be a spontaneous uprising of the iranian people, and not an orchestrated operation by the united states.

i find it hard to believe that you give enough legitimacy to the government of german occupied poland to equate polish jews with "citizens and members" of german occupied polish society. 
from wikipedia: 
greece, yugoslavia, hungary, lithuania, bohemia, the netherlands, slovakia, and latvia each had over 70% of their jewish population destroyed. belgium, romania, luxembourg, norway, and estonia lost around half of their jewish population, the soviet union over one third of its jews, and even countries such as france and italy had each seen around a quarter of their jewish population killed.

wikipedia has an uncited statement that nearly 50% of german jews fled before the holocaust (losing most of their property, and despite german legislation designed to prevent this). i was under the impression that the percentage was over 50%, but i'm not certain. in any case, the german jews who were victims of the holocaust are the only people who fit your division.

there is also no doubting that the majority of jews killed during the holocaust were living in poland, so unless you are try to revise history and include poland as part of germany during the interbellum, you're on shaky ground dividing the events on the basis that one took place during an "invasion" and the other was perpetrated by a government against it's own people. 
3 million polish jews were murdered by a foreign power during the occupation of their lands following an invasion. 

intentional genocide was probably practiced in the americas through the distribution of smallpox infected blankets, although this is a contentious issue.

going by the very narrow un definition of genocide: "any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such: killing members of the group; causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life, calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part; imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; [and] forcibly transferring children of the group to another group." both of these events seem to fit nicely. 

many acts of a genocidal nature are underappreciated. a rigid reading of the un definition would put canada in the awkward position of having carried out genocide well into the latter half of the 20th century through its residential school program. 

i hope we can both agree that these acts cannot and should not be justified, and must, in order to be understood completely, be recognized as the grave crimes against all humanity that they truly are. 
what do you want him to do?  if he says anything in support of the protestors the regime in control will accuse the us of trying to destabilize the government and the protestors in the streets will be painted by the regime as terrorists.  this is why the protestors have asked obama to stay out of it.  just because cnn and a few republican senators (graham among others) are idiots... does not mean that obama must be.
can you elaborate please?
"the enemy, he said, is the collective narcissism of their parents' generation"

nail head, meet hammer.
yeah, cooper caught me a bit off guard, too. to be honest, so did maddow. but then i probably should have seen that one coming...
would you want someone to resign for being a hypocritical scumbag?
you cannot incite people to riot or to violence against someone else.  

i believe thats the distinction.. its legal to protest, but not to riot.
seems like a flawed strategy. most of the "working class" people i know already speak spanish.
before medicare, there were no mri's, bone scans, chemo therapy, anti-viral drugs, and things like aids, which can be treated for up to 20 years with very expensive drugs.

you *really* need to put some things in perspective when comparing healthcare in 1920 to healthcare in 2009.

that said, i am not really a complete proponent of universal health care myself, but you *cannot* compare the costs of "technology" in 1920 to the cost of technology today.
is it the voice?
i think the number is now up to $12 trillion that has been lent out since october 2008.  no one except maybe the fed knows where this money went and the fed won't tell.  

you can watch the fed general comptroller try to defend herself in front of representative grayson here:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxlxbeavsb8

most people including myself can't comprehend such a large number.  a better way to think of it is a dilution of $160,000 of the total wealth of each family of four in the us.
and i don't think people often look to the context in which he made that statement either. jefferson simply didn't believe the nation would survive in a recognizable for twenty years, much less that the governing body would survive. 
according to newly released files, the fbi conducted a massive, nationwide operation to suppress the historic porn film.
his wife is mai waifu.
i would like someone to explain why they think another huge government run program will be any better than all the other failed huge government programs...  look how well the government has run the country in the last 8 years or so, or how well they ran the war, or fannie mae or the education system...
free market is as unobtainable as a utopian society. in order to have a true free market you would have to break down every organized business and disallow the organization of them. you would have to set in place laws that protect the individuals right to negotiate the terms of thier service on a level playing field. no business could be anything more than a collection of people that work together because they trust each other. this is just one example of the unrealistic changes needed for a true "free martket". anything other than this isn't a "free market" simply the removal of regulation, and we can see in china and india that worker, human, and environmental rights are not naturaly supported in an environment where there is no regulation.
you bring up a good point, but you also have to look at lasik or plastic surgery -- that technology wasn't around back then either, and yet, the costs for it keep coming down.
i'm not spanish or portuguese.  i refuse to take any responsibility for what *they* did to the vast populations of meso america in the 16th century.


i couldn't agree more: it's just a piece of paper.  in the modern age, things like socialized medicine, transportation, housing, farms, retirement care, etc. are necessary.  in this day and age, the disparity between the 'haves' and 'have nots' has grown so wide that we truly do need to embrace socialism as many other industrialized countries have.  who really needs to be making over a million dollars a year?  we need to bump the tax brackets above $300,000 or so to 90+%, and use this money to revitalize the middle class.  the state should also have a greater hand in land ownership -- just as we shouldn't deny the poor medical coverage because they don't contribute much to society, we shouldn't deny them the best places to live, the best education or the best of anything else.  it's just not fair.  we should follow the example set by zimbabwe: reclaim land from the rich who are robbing the middle class blind, and equitably redistribute it amongst the people of our country.  i digress - if we wish to accomplish the change that we sought with the last election, we need to be willing to occasionally look past the constitution.
absurd.  the spanish inflicted massive (&gt;10-1) casualties upon the indigenous peoples of meso america, with the use of simple "horses" and "muskets".

ps when you're staring down the business end of a smoothbore musket, and you don't have one, they can be quite terrifying.
liberals can be just as hypocritical though in this specific context, it tends to be less of a keystone value for the individual (at least publicly).

[edit: i'm speaking more to traditional conservatism, not the bullshit neocon movement of recent history. if we're talking neocons, then you are 100% correct.]
instead the fbi deep throated 'deep throat'
look at banner, michael!
[you can have mine!](http://img409.imageshack.us/img409/6849/chainsword2wo0.jpg)
i'd like to believe that, too. but fact is the basis of a lot of right wing arguments are predicated upon either complete falsities or an ideological/religious presumption.

that said, there is no room in true debate for nonsense.
for a very recent example just go back and check the response to the "tea parties"..    they were mocked, ridiculed, called anti-american, called racists, etc.  

what does the media have to say about americans protesting at the dnc or rnc?   how about the protesters at the presidential debates..  do they spend time interviewing them?   nope, they support the  "stick those domestic terrorists in a free speech zone far away from us" agenda.
as a left libertarian--or libertarian socialist, or whatever the kids are calling it these days--i think i'd like to fuse the two of them together and vote for the resulting monstrosity (think *the fly* but with less hair, more wrinkles, and a hot wife).
yep, fox if far right, msnbc is far left, and cnn is completely clueless and sits around talking about twitter and blogs all day.
they had a great talk about paine on bill moyers recently. i think it was the show with rober reich.
it's weird because i've always singled out this guy as the "non-lunatic one" and now i read that he is receiving threats and hate mail. well, in a way it kinda makes sense; in the "the only sane guy in arkham" kinda way. i'm not saying he is batman, just not bat-shit insane.

i had the happy coincidence to see him live during his "america does not torture" rant, and it seemed pretty honest and heartfelt, at that point he gave me the impression that this is a guy that wants to do the right thing, whatever his ideology is. and that separates him from all the other parrots, cheerleaders, crooks and hacks on the network. this is a man you can have a conversation with, even if you don't agree with him in the end, chances are both sides will part learning something new.
absolutely ridiculous. the healthcare industry has had decades to govern itself. like 99% of all industry it has proven that it isn't capable of this. this is no surprise as it is what happens across all established business when it becomes big enough to attract the attention of big investors. it isn't government regulation that makes healthcare unaffordable it is sheer greed. the funny thing is you act like the government is trying to styfle this industry when not two years ago they signed a contract stating the federal government was not allowed to negotiate price. 
why can't it be entertaining? the problem lies in positioning the content as legitimate new when it isn't (fox news), as opposed to recognizing you are entertainment and making no bones about the content of your show (the daily show).
on craig: "he pled guilty to something that, you know lewd behavior, that's not the behavior a united states senator should be engaged in."

clearly he's judging behavior more so than the misdemeanor.

another quote: "...we need people who are in office who will hold themselves to a little higher standard."

on his decision to call for the resignation of bill clinton:

"i came to that conclusion recently, and frankly it's because of what he put his whole cabinet through and what he has put the country through."

also: 

"i think we have to feel very sad for the american people and hillary and chelsea."
only if you never plan to make any capital investments of any kind. conventionally, the deficit should be below some magic percentage of gdp and thus sustainable.
sort of.

i was going to go into a long rant in my previous post about how the "blogosphere" sucks at citations. [this](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/05/06/majority-of-americans-wan_n_198196.html) links to no source. [this](http://boingboing.net/2009/05/07/zogby-poll-52-of-ame.html) has a link to its [source](http://www.dosenation.com/listing.php?smlid=6232), but the source is a duplicate of the previous page. but the previous sorce says that ["salem news has the story"](http://www.salem-news.com/articles/may062009/mj_zogby_5-6-09.php), and that page cites its source as [marijuanapolicy.org](http://www.marijuanapolicy.org). of course, it doesn't link to an article on marijuanapolicy.org, just the main site.

jesus h. christ.

with some help from google, i found the [mpp's article on it](http://www.mpp.org/news/press-releases/new-poll-52-say-marijuana.html) but i can't find the actual data on zogby's site.

[other recent polls](http://www.alternet.org/drugreporter/140016/pot_continues_to_climb_in_public_opinion_polls_--_zogby_goes_over_50%25/) have shown that support for legalization is slightly under 50%.

[gallup](http://www.gallup.com/poll/19561/who-supports-marijuana-legalization.aspx) has a good graph but the data is dated. as you can see towards the end, support is steadily climbing.

so, obviously the evidence is inconclusive as to whether it's truly above or below 50%. sorry if you were looking for something very specific--i was too when i wrote my first comment.

this is a serious clusterfuck.
30+ states? 
dis in for ma tion!!!
i don't know why people are downvoting this, barack obama is technically a nigger. he fits the one requirement (being black).
i like how people pretend like the tenth amendment is the final say on any issue and act like it's set in stone and not open to any level interpretation. it's been debated before the official adoption of the constitution and ever since, and the issue has been handled by the supreme court many times also. washington's administration had to deal with these issues extensively during his administration and knew that he would set precedence with his actions and he sided most often with the federalist supported policies to such a degree jefferson resigned his office in protest. 
be honest, you were just hoping she wasn't...
hah, i bought that book yesterday
he'd really like us to do the opposite of what experts say we should do, which means he's a republican.
if you're calling for armed rebellion against your government, you shouldn't be surprised if you're arrested.

the rightness or wrongness of the rebellion is a different issue.  but governments arrest those who preach bloody revolution.

if mr. talk radio host wants to preach armed revolution that's his business, but to pretend that its legal is just plain stupid.  of course legal != right, but advocating rebellion isn't legal in any government; the question of whether armed rebellion is right is separate and interesting but not relevant to the legality.
source?
loss of sales?  the issue is the resultant panic of yelling fire; more people die/get hurt from the trampling to escape the fire than the fire itself.  
this is about hypocrisy, not monogamy [sic].

and what do you mean by not "meant" to be?  civilization has imposed many standards that are not mandated by biology.  we are not "meant" to allow someone weaker than us to keep their food/shelter, but it seems to work out fairly well on a daily basis in much of the world.  if you don't approve of monogamy, don't practice it - assuming you can find one or more people willing to sleep with you.
jefferson and madison were "federalists" before the term federalists came to refer to a political party, the word "federalist" originally was for someone who was for the adoption of the constitution. 
but when compared to his opponent mccain/palin on a narrow spectrum of politics he looks far left.
maybe so. you are the one calling for putting the sob up against a wall and shooting him for, um, calling for people to be shot. you solve that dilemma, and i'll work on growing a brain as competent as yours.
you just personally said you want him killed while he just said someone should kill them.
&lt;sarcasm&gt;
    but they were separated!
&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
no. i just want to hold him to his own standard. 
what do you expect from an alleged traitor . . . 
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/earlhopperinterview08feb08.shtml

an alleged murderer . . .
http://judicial-inc.biz/82jjohn_mccain_and_the_uss_forresta.htm

and basically an alleged corrupt politician . . .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keating_five

oh wait the last one was "poor judgment"

i know. i was continuing the humor. i really should start ending half of my post with a ":)"... except i hate emoticons. there should really be some modifier to mark the intent of humor. maybe like italics, but funnier.
your headline states most of the problem ... 240 members will disagree with the president no matter what he fucking says.  if gwb had said the same thing, it would have been a-ok.  revered, even.

the reverse is mostly true with the dems as well, i claim just not nearly as much.  
lol he's only heard good thing about ann coulter... as a person...

fail.
i don't doubt at all what you have written is true. i am merely wondering who you would support. governments are practiced at the art of survival. but there is a case for a "just" revolution.
look up "golden rice" (seriously, that's not a joke)
ok, i think you just added to my point - there is so much more health care now and even at its lowest cost, is still more expensive than 1920.

a diabetic in 1920 would die within years with no hefty costs, because there was no treatment. the same with cancer - the only treatment they had was morphine for pain. you still died quickly. not to mention there as no fda , so you had all these crackpots selling herion-water as cancer treatment.

while things like lasik and plastic surgery are not covered under insurance if it is cosmetic. insurance will cover some plastic surgery for burn victims for instance, but not your nose job. insurance may cover lasik if the costs of fixing your eyes are lower than a lifetime of eye care.

sure, costs keep coming down, unless you are the unfortunate diabetic going blind from eye problems and need an amputation and subsequent prostetic leg so you can walk around. and then you get cancer. how low do the costs have to be for one person to afford that? 

i have had 4 surgeries myself before age 30 amounting into 100 grand. the only reason i was covered was because of group health care at work. essentially, my coworkers paid for my surgery and i pay for theirs through the "pool".

costs come down in all systems, just as they go up. single-payer or medicare or hmo's and ppo's.

as long as there is any insurance, there will never be a free market. if a docotr wants to charge 100 dollars per visit, but insurance says no, we will pay on 50, that is not a free market. a free market means no insurance company setting costs and the doctor charging what ever he things he is worth.

edit: lasik and and plastic surgery are not covered at all. i just checked some facts.
yea. with money left over probably. 
the money that reinsurance firms spend on research is more usefully spent than the money yet another expendable human being spends on hamburger helper.

money flows to anyone doing anything other people feel is necessary.  people like you just want to control how people spend the income they made the effort to attract to themselves.  

there's a limit to how much personal enjoyment your theoretical billionaire, or more likely middle class comptroller, gains from his share of the revenues entrusted to him by reward.  ultimately, whatever money they are unable to immediately plow back into the economy is used as an investment to create new job opportunities for every highschool dropouts' little self-compounding fuck trophies twenty years down the line.

the sad truth is that the vast majority of human beings contribute nothing towards the long term survival of the species.  this is fine, but i do not feel the slightest obligation to their well being.  

if we want to put out certain tax credits for healthcare for working adults, or attach certain benefits to young people based on having applied themselves rigorously in their disciplines, then i can see some bountiful role of the public commons.  

although most human beings are expendable, billionaires are usually the good guys, or at least have high utility.
the speaker intended to be arrested.  he used almost word for word the terminology in the case law for unprotected speech.  other examples are yelling "fire" in a crowded theater or inciting riot.
&gt; being able to hold contradicting opinions is a prerequisite for being a conservative.

i disagree.  being able to hold contradicting opinions merely makes being a conservative *easier*.  that and lots of alcohol.

*lots and lots of alcohol.*  

just personal experience.  all of my conservative friends drink to excess.  it has to be for when those contradicting opinions start battling it out in their consciences.  it must be awful.  i can't imagine...

(and no, i don't have *proof* that conservatives have consciences, i just choose to believe they do.)
my bad, i read your post as ... hell i don't know what i read it as, but i took it as seriousness.
"well actually, you are making a logical fallacy."

actually, you're confused.  "he only says those that take a position cannot have experienced what he has."

i have experienced what he has, and i still took the position.   i've said that repeatedly and you...just...don't...get it.

"you still haven't defined why you are against it, which destroys your basis for making a statement."

you're basing this on the delusion that i'm making a statement against national health care.  i'm not.  i'm saying i'm against it.  this is an opinion and doesn't need a defining explanation.

"i can be all for loving bears, even as i am being eaten by a bear. i may be insane, stupid, or masochistic. it doesn't really matter. my position is a stupid position irregardless of my desire to limit my argument."

you're being ridiculous and now seem to be implying i'm insane, stupid or masochistic, as well as assuming that because i don't agree with your position, i must be limiting my argument.

you keep missing the point that i'm not actually arguing against national health care here.  merely because you seem to want to argue for national health care doesn't mean i have to participate in your attempt to strike up a fight about it.

are you merely confused or actively trying to be offensive?

if you want to continue with the strange bear analogy, i'll have to fix it because yours just didn't fit.

he's sick of people not being against bears, and anyone who isn't against bears must never have had friends or family be eaten by bears, or experienced the horrible results of the said bears trashing the house.

i respond by saying i've had family that's been eaten by bears, and i'm still not against bears.

is that clear enough now?  because obviously you still want to argue for or against national health care, and you're trying to force me to define why i'm against national health care.

well, you know what?  i don't have to defend my opinion.  i'm against it.  screw you if you want me to defend my opinion.   i never said it was anything but my opinion.  my being for or against something does not have to be defended or supported with news articles, or cited with authors.

"you presumed he was making a totalistic argument. he wasn't."

actually, i didn't presume he was making a "totalistic" statement, as that refers to "principles of totalitarianism".  http://www.thefreedictionary.com/totalistic

i was assuming he was talking about everyone who didn't want national health care.  go read it again and look specifically at where he says "the only folks".  he didn't say "most", or "many", or even "some", but rather "the only folks".

that's pretty much all inclusive, regardless of your opinion on what constitutes it.

"since, you apparently missed my point that this was a drive by comment. it's one step above being a troll. is that clear enough?"

so you're saying you're a troll?  because if you're trying to say i am one for posting in a public board about my opinion, about how someone else's definition of everyone else doesn't actually fit everyone else, then you've got issues.


could you link to the best of the reddit discussions?  i didn't find any good ones.

best case scenario, the analogy would be that its like the yankees finishing in last place (in their division).
you are partially correct.  however, no act of congress can supersede a provision of the constitution.  well, not legally.
&gt; most republicans share the beliefs and opinions espoused by fox news.

holy generalization, batman!
that is not a point, that is just yelling words like regime and power and control out there. they don't provide one wick on evidence outside of a rant.
fuck

fuck

fuck

damn it!

(not entirely unexpected given the thug-ratio of the scotus....) 
yeah, when you look at him next to some crazy fucks that are so far to the right, they can see the left, yeah. these people are so far to the right they think hitler was a lefty.
i'm halfway through the movie, and although it seems interesting, it is factually inaccurate and misleading.  you shouldn't put much weight into propaganda like this.
&gt; he and his wife were separated.

in other words, he [displeased god.](http://www.gotquestions.org/trial-separation-marriage.html)

also, he and his wife may have been separated, but the hamptons were not.
these guys are globalists. that means they don't really care about america or it's sovereignty. they care about their profits. iraq was already planned for various reasons including wanting to get their hands on the oil contracts. read the plans for the new american century and how the radical changes needed to take place in our liberties, our way of doing business, could not occur unless there was another pearl harbor or like event to get people behind the plans. 8-11 came at a very convenient time and had many, many unanswered questions about it. and now we know there were never any wmd, they tortured to get "evidence" to prove iraq was guilty and worked hard to blame iraq for the 9-11 crimes so the plan could get started. now that we know the reason to invade was false, will we withdraw? not likely. not until the plan is complete. 
good thing most of those immigrants will be high intelligence college educated people, probably doctors, engineers, and rocket scientists.
&gt;is following the law also "outdated"?

you're ignoring that the constitution has long been open to interpretation, and many laws were passed in a manner of applying the level of strict adherence were strained. it's not about following the "law", it's about interpreting a set of principles the country was founded on and applying them to the law. george washington took a rather loose interpretation of the constitution and used the document ad a framework for the law, not as an end-all set of laws. jefferson disagreed with washington so much that he resigned as sec. of state in protest, do you believe this means washington wasn't following the law? 


the first amendment right of speech has been interpreted to include a prohibition against threats in the sense that they incite or are part of an agreement to immediately cause body harm to another person.  for example, the gravamen of a "conspiracy" charge is an agreement to commit a crime -- that agreement can consist of speech only.
spoken like a true redditor, hiding away behind his computer
so ron paul wants to shift the main source of oppression from the feds to the states. an odd kind of freedom.
this is like saying reagan brought down soviet communism.
vigilante violence is the best kind. it's doing the job we actually want the government to do but they refuse to do.
succinctly put.
when you control the food and the water, money is no longer of any value.
whoa! you are trying to steal a base there. i was merely pointing out the hypocrisy of calling for the death of someone for calling for the death of someone. i realize that the law has established itself on the matter of inciting violence. governments tend to be quite deft at survival. but, you see, the thing is, i am not the one calling for someone to be shot. that would be you. (hint: you are inciting violence with speech).
sheep.
with who the current supreme court is staffed with, yeah.
i'm sure american doctors and hospitals kill patients more often because more people are getting things done...  if you show me this in percentages then i'll be moved.
was he "moved" by images of the families blown to bits by the occupations of iraq and afghanistan? was he "moved" when the idf was incinerating children in gaza? obama is full of shit.
i live just over the nh border and always assumed it was the latter. i've only met one person in all my years who believed the former and i thought she was just dumb. i never thought there was any confusion about it at all.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/live_free_or_die

actually it's neither, but closer to the second. it is a statement that death is preferable to suffering under oppression.

"live free or die: death is not the worst of evils."

could have been uttered by ghandi as far as the sentiment goes.
so much for the first amendment.
hitler was right wing authoritarian.
hahahahahahahahahaha

yeah, that'll happen. 

hahahahahahahahahaha
&gt; americans don't give a shit about israel.

that may be true, but our representatives certainly care. that is, if they still plan on that "campaign contribution" next month.
i just reddit :)  thanks for pushing the issue.

&gt;it raises some questions about the claim that we're doing poorly in health care.

i don't think that it raises those questions.  

it looks like capitalism has taken our health care to a very dark place.  if blatant profiteering isn't poor health care, i don't know what is.
let me see.

* account created when the neo-condoms lost, check.

* posts nothing but anti-obama screeds, check

* devoid of original positive ideas, check

* continues to shout tired talking points at the crowd, check

* parades around being a pimple on the ass of progress, check

attention folks, we have a new competitor for foaming mouthed madman  presently held by **reddit-man**. how could i have missed such spittle soaked sprays of political effluent in my life? 

you are correct sir, i was speaking of real conservatism not republicans and their mouthpiece!
no, it's never a valid metric. 

http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/appeal-to-popularity.html

you're defeated by the fact that you presented no rebuttal. 
larry craig is more disturbing than this. he was soliciting gay sex in a public restroom that children use.

and he plead guilty. 

that man should be in jail.
&gt; so why police israel?

it's our money.
good, then you agree. i accept your concession. 

i thought some people wanted politically active news media?
but black supremists are stand up citizen's right?

you can't just start killing people because of their opinions mr. mussolini. 
&gt; you don't know me.

save that line for mommy. your comment history says enough.
yippee!
his point is that you're a hypocrite and an israeli shill because you support prosecuting hamas but not israel, whereas the rest of us want to see both happen.
nice.  i was reading some comments on the happenings in iran and thought that our government doesn't know how close it came to having to deal with protest similar to the events going on in iran.

protests like these almost happened here.  remember the weeks of the national conventions?  come on gov. just a little more oppression.  just a little more.  then pop.  seemed like it was about to happen.
sounds like george "chicken kiev" bush, sr.
[this](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=matthew%2023;&amp;version=31;) might be a good chance to see what the jesus had to say.
american doctors by far have the best golf games of any other doctors in the world by far.
he seems to be the only decent person at the station.
its not a free market.  the moment you pick insurance they restrict your choice of doctors, medicines, and the payouts are on set schedules, assuming they pay at all because their job is to deny claims, not pay them.
if we were starting from scratch, obama favors a single payer system. since we are not starting from scratch, obama proposes a mixed public/private system.


**george wills**: obama's secret plan is to create a single payer system anyway.

**the alternative**: obama is compromising to get it passed.

neither explanation is simpler than the other.  also, occam's razor can't easily apply to nuanced situations like this, since its fundamental requirement--all other considerations must be equal--will not be met.
but due to jesus' sacrifice, we can all be lying, cheating, libidinous scumbags, and the dipstick nailed to the tree has to take the rap for it as long as we say we'll let him.  
  
dumbest.  god.  ever.  
  

so, i take it that means that you *haven't* ever had any first hand experience. thanks for clarifying.
"ok, i think you just added to my point - there is so much more health care now and even at its lowest cost, is still more expensive than 1920."

this is primarily because of inflation and because we have a shortage of doctors.  adding a government program that is "free" will increase the demand for doctor visits, but it won't increase the supply of doctors.

"a diabetic in 1920 would die within years with no hefty costs, because there was no treatment. the same with cancer - the only treatment they had was morphine for pain. you still died quickly. not to mention there as no fda , so you had all these crackpots selling herion-water as cancer treatment."

yes, but we have the internet now, so responsible people can usually check the background of doctors.  not to mention there's plenty of prescription and over-the-counter medicine that the fda doesn't evaluate, but doctors still recommend.

"sure, costs keep coming down, unless you are the unfortunate diabetic going blind from eye problems and need an amputation and subsequent prostetic leg so you can walk around. and then you get cancer. how low do the costs have to be for one person to afford that?"

that's pretty extreme, but if it ever did happen and the patient couldn't afford it, there's always non-profit organizations where doctors provide free or low-cost services.

"as long as there is any insurance, there will never be a free market. if a docotr wants to charge 100 dollars per visit, but insurance says no, we will pay on 50, that is not a free market. a free market means no insurance company setting costs and the doctor charging what ever he things he is worth."

yes -- you're right that insurance takes away from free markets because it provides a moral hazard and hidden costs.  however, the cost of auto insurance and life insurance isn't really going up.  it only seems to be medical insurance, and medical insurance is one industry that government is highly involved with.


thanks for your posts, thehivequeen.  i appreciate them.

edit: how do you add the quote formatting to posts?
exactly.  the insurance lobbies are far too powerful.  they are killing the nation, literally.  
the sad thing is though, most people don't understand that.  they just feel that if thomas jefferson said it then it proves the point.  it doesn't do a whole lot to actually settle the debate.  the debate over the 10th amendment and what powers, if any, the federal government should or shouldn't have is too important and too complex of an issue to boil down to a quote.

plus, remember, thomas jefferson advocated that the citizens of the nation revolt from time to time.  of course, back then a revolt meant to take up arms.  now, that's treason.  things have a way of changing over time which makes the whole 10th amendment debate even more convoluted.  i didn't spell that right.
...and?  http://www.biotech-info.net/golden_chance.html

"given that one bowl of golden rice (100 g dry weight) currently can provide no more than 5-8% of the (u.s.) rda of vitamin a, the likelihood that (market-driven) golden rice consumption will make a significant dent in reducing vitamin a deficiency in asia looks pretty remote"

sounds more like a solution looking for a problem.
republicons would have gone ballistic if the iranians had interfered in the 2000/2004 elections.  now... shut-up about it.
nitrification of waterways and coastal fisheries in the process of eroding the humic layer across large swaths of the continent is not conducive to long term food security.
public moralist = private hedonist
kucinich/paul 2012, the perfect ticket.   
cokie roberts is dead on.  insurance companies are a scam and screwing the american people.  is single payer or universal health care the answer?  i donno, but it honestly can't get any worse.
don't care... don't care... don't care ... don't care...

penis vagina stuff is only interesting in porn, not politics.

soooo... i could care less if people fuck other people's wives.

fix the fucking economy, fix health care, etc... those things matter!  what you do with your fucking cock i don't care.  if fucking other people's wives gets the job done, then fuck them!
new york and london seem to do pretty well "despite" the number of languages spoken --- better than, say, stockholm.  i'd take the city analogy to the opposite conclusion; that societies that cater effectively to new immigrants from around the world tend to do better.  maybe that's more difficult to do on a national scale.  all this is academic to me, though, because i have a much simpler reason to oppose a national language: i like foreign people coming to my neighbourhood, and i like hearing them speak in their native language.  and without the non-english-speaking community here, there'd be a dearth of good food around.  if that happened, i'd move away.
no need to be rude. i understand perfectly how insurance works, and it works by *amortizing* the total cost of all of the claims over all the the people who are insured. most people who buy insurance are subsidizing someone elses care. its statistically highly unlikely that any individual is going to get more out than they put in. if he's so opposed to other people getting healthcare on his dime (and, presumably, since he's so highly principled, vice versa), he shouldn't buy insurance.
&gt; one-third of u.s. survey respondents reported at least one of four types of medical errors. the respondents said they experienced a medical mistake in treatment or care, were given the wrong medication or dose, were given incorrect test results or experienced delays in receiving abnormal test results. compared with the 34 percent error rate reported by u.s. respondents, the rate was 30 percent for canada, 27 percent for australia, 25 percent for new zealand, 23 percent for germany and 22 percent for the united kingdom.

edit: this is from the end of the same nyt article... and kind of my point in rebutting the argument "but aren't we the best?"

&gt;with health care emerging as a major issue in the presidential campaign and in congress, it will be important to get beyond empty boasts that this country has “the best health care system in the world” and turn instead to fixing its very real defects. the main goal should be to reduce the huge number of uninsured, who are a major reason for our poor standing globally. but there is also plenty of room to improve our coordination of care, our use of computerized records, communications between doctors and patients, and dozens of other factors that impair the quality of care. the world’s most powerful economy should be able to provide a health care system that really is the best.
don't kid yourself, we have a lot of generic drugs here. you aren't even allowed to market anti-depressants on tv. you do have a point, but it is all the managers we can't fire without giving a massive multi million pound payout that are causing our problems.

managers don't get fired, you have to promote them out of the way. it's insane.
no faith required. look at, oh, every other first world nation.
sounds even more like a biased article. golden rice provides consumers with an extra helping of vitamin a. the article seems to have a problem conceding that this will be helpful to asian people who suffer from vitamin a deficiencies regardless of how much they eat. nobody's claiming that this will single handedly solve health problems in asia, just that it will help out (and it will).

edit- actually, you know what? i just realized your article is really fucking old. if you look at its wikipedia page you'll see that golden rice is actually now capable of single handedly solving vitamin a deficiency problems in asia. so eat a dick with your misinformative bullshit.
the spanish are americans now, and they have an american president? the united states is in mesoamerica? not relevant to the discussion.
it's ok, i have had a problem with this recently. everyone thinks i am rude. i am actually a quite humorous person, although i do have a bit of a deadpan delivery. when translated into text, i guess it comes out as "rude asshole". hence the need for some intent modifier. i am thinking using xml like syntax. something like:

&lt;reply intent="humor"&gt;your idea would only work if you were a retard.&lt;/reply&gt;
well paying 1.7 billion,yes that's billion to the ceo of united healthcare  doesn't affect cost i'm sure.these companies run at %30+ for administrative costs.lets go back to the time when healthcare was not for profit.
the hypocrisy goes both ways. if bill clinton's affair was a personal matter, so is this.

clinton shouldn't have been impeached (more specifically questioned regarding his affair) and ensign shouldn't be guilted into resigning. 
fyi i'm bisexual and a quarter black, but nice. maybe try try posting at least one response without a blatant logical fallacy.
"while mr. smith does not draw the same attention as other evening anchors on the channel, his 7 p.m. show, “the fox report,” is having its best year, up 36 percent to almost two million viewers a night. he has beaten his cable news channel competition for 92 straight months. his coverage of the museum killing beat cnn and msnbc combined."

oh ok these crazy people are hurting shepard by giving him more gobs of money... yeah money doesn't matter since we all know it can't buy stuff like politicians - good one =)

they may be too retarded to pay attention to how they are enabling him to become even more wealthy, but that's what they're doing. wealth and fame are both forms of power.
and my axe
well, we did just come out of 8 years of hell... the bush years of paranoia and tyranny
this isn't madness.  this is sparta!
i'm not appealing to popularity. i'm saying that the *facts* are that every other developed nation has a more effective, more efficient healthcare system than the us, and they're all uhcs. so, if you want a *pragmatic* approach to the problem, you should start by looking at why the us is the outlier. 
generally speaking, i don't believe our police force is particularly militant, at least relatively speaking. roads won't get built without taxes, and taxes won't get paid without laws. laws require enforcement. and yes, enforcement sometimes means resorting to threat of physical physical inducements. this is how a society works; i know of no other successful model.

i don't have a problem with any of this as long as the state is ultimately responsible to the people.
that image makes me happy that i got out of bed this afternoon.
i agree catastrophic illness is the 800 lb. gorilla of the debate.  the problem is, medicine should have a habit of getting cheaper.  drugs become generic, techniques become less specialized.  instead (as noted by others below), people are getting charged $50 for a bag of saline solution.  

i know lawyers that prosecute hospitals for overcharging, and the majority of expense for most procedures goes for trivial things like cotton swabs.  it's the hospital trying to wring nickles and dimes out of the insurance companies.  

let's say the patient/insurer can only pay $50k.  the doctors fees are $30k, and the hospital fees are $30k.  they each get $25k at a small loss.  if the hospital raises its fees to $35k, they could break even then with $30k.  the doctors don't follow suit because they're typically human beings that sincerely want to help others, rather than faceless corporations that just moves numbers around.  

really, it's a stupid system, currently.  one way or another it has to stop.  i just believe there's got to be another way than national single-payer, because the government is going to suck at running it... just perhaps in a different way than it is now.
i couldn't have conjured a more confusing reply if i tried.  thanks.
competition should indeed drive down costs and improve quality.  i am arguing that right now, this is not happening properly and that furthermore it shouldn't be set up this way if it stops people from getting vital treatment.

perhaps an alternative that you would find more paletable would be to legislate to ensure that everyone can receive coverage, prevent it from being tied to employment and ensure that people can feel able to leave their current provider.  i think that universal healthcare would cover those bases nicely, and i'm not too convinced that we owe insurance cartels a living yet feel less obliged to help the poor keep living.
notice how netanyahu waited until the shit hit the fan in iran to cop to the 2 state?
he deserves a free house and food. why do you laugh at him?
diane feinstein is fucking a pig.

edit: not a typo
whoever came first is irrelevant. they are both the best either side has to offer. if we had a whole congress like them, there would be no war and no bought out insiders.
i'm gay and i'd still do her.
of course he was.
if we can't trust the man on something as simple as this, what *hope* is there that we can trust him on more important things -- controversial things that would require actual expenditure of political capital and true sacrifice from his supporters? 
"i suspect there would be very little talk from the corporate media about how great it is that people are expressing their free speech rights."

your suspicion is correct:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ombmk2otpkc
drugs in canada often cost a lot less than in the u.s. because of government price controls. this is widely known and why many americans try to buy their drugs from canada. and why pharmaceutical companies sometimes make laughable warnings that (their own) canadian drugs "aren't safe" for americans.

here's your link, re: lower prices http://bit.ly/bkhk0
i'm a public hedonist.  perhaps this explains why i'm not gettin' any.
why? because i object to someone using foreign characters in place of people's names on *an english language website*?

i would love to know what's going on in taiwan, but now i'm left in the dark because someone tried to look cool.
*casinos!*  

even filthier money!
in some countries they sue the gm company for [pollution of nature](http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,618913,00.html)


none of these men really did anything wrong. "oh no, he put his penis inside of a different person!" it's not relevant to their job performance.
i highly recommend his "the age of reason", as well.
yes i am trying to make the latter argument.

if you don't like that argument i could think of others (that amuse me equally). how about: the canadian government can afford to pay for universal healthcare because we don't have to spend nearly as much on our military, for better or worse, canada happily freeloads off us national defense spending.
yes he makes around $100 million a year, but that shouldn't matter.  warren buffet makes over 10 times that every year, and no one is asking the government to take his money.  actually buffet has donated more of his money than anyone in history.  i would much rather have the wealthy give their money to charities and non-profits than have bureaucrats acquire it and distribute it to lobbyists.
mostly in third world nations, i believe.
oh my god, rogue seeds, fuck all of you and you conspiracies.  you made these corps powerful by your own dependence.   btw, if these corps did not invest in higher yield crops, you will be starving your punk asses off, learn, there is a fucking trade off for progress, you want have your cake and eat it too..... real life does not work that way
&gt;no need to be rude.

i wasn't trying to be rude, i apologize if my use of all-caps emphasis came across that way.
actually, it was introduced solely on that position, that it would save millions of children from blindness caused by clinical vitamin a deficiency.  but, for infants, who are the most vulnerable to blindness from vitamin a deficiency, their mothers would have to be consuming 40 pounds of golden rice a day for their children to receive the required amount.  and for all other groups, the only thing it does is add that 5-8% when substituted for the previous white rice consumption.  that isn't doing anything to lift people out of clinical vitamin a deficiency, its just helping those who are a little short.  if you are short 100% of your recommended daily vitamin a intake, 8% is a drop in the bucket.
he has four sons and he skipped father's day and didn't tell his wife; what a fine, conservative, family-values type gentleman!
yes, i know.  very sad.
what discussion.  no matter what you are going to defend the bill o'reilly's and i will oppose them.


see my edit you disinformation spreading shithead.

edit- bleh... i need a vacation
i'm still sticking with my guess of gay hookers and meth.
and you're a typical internet debater. nowhere in his post did he advocate gov't sponsored violence. physical inducements, ie. penalties, prisons and the like aren't violence. also, he ends by stating that the gov't must answer to the people. 

if you are going to live in an organized society then you must be willing to obey laws. laws in the absence of enforcement aren't laws. 
yeah! just look at the roman empire and how long *they* lasted. 
you told me to look it up, so i did.  perhaps if you are so enlightened, you would be so kind as to spread the knowledge.
that's a toughie, as i remember reading those discussions when the movie came out.

for the fun of it, i give you a clear critic of moore [here](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2007/08/why_the_us_ranks_low_on_whos_h.html).  this article has strong bias, and i hardly agree with all of it, but it points out how "37th" is a bit misleading.

the problem, as i see it, is that our "failure" in healthcare may include metrics that others do not measure.  for example, "reported" complications at childbirth are higher in the us than many other nations, but the us will spend a lot of money to try to save these babies, while others just call them "stillborn", etc.  there are similar situations with the elderly.

the link also points out how, if the higher murder rate in the us is taken out of the estimations for longevity, then the us is much more competitive with other nations.

anyway, as a result of things like this, i take things like "37th" with a big grain of salt, and often make it my thing to redirect others from such statistical landmines.

peace.
extortion of a constitutional officer is a federal crime, so not only should he resign, but the u.s. department of justice should be urging the u.s. senate to open a full inquiry and have that be the basis for further investigation...


then you must clearly understands there are limits to free speech.  and you wouldn't support a nut who goes on the radio trying to incite hate or violence.
i don't understand why he should resign. is adultery illegal in the usa?
it's bad that you didn't follow through.
there are obviously many fuzzy areas where the application of the law in a particular instance may be ambiguous, which is why we have judges because no set of laws will ever be completely comprehensive. however, to the degree the law can be followed to the word, it should, because it is essentially the set of rules by which our citizens understand that they must adhere to. constantly violating or modifying the application of a law is unfair to the players and introduces uncertainty as outcomes are determined based upon the personal and political whims of whoever is at the head of the table at the time.

the tenth amendment is pretty clear that those powers not enumerated in the constitution are reserved to the states. you have a point that when the literal application and original intent of a law conflict, that there should be some leeway for interpretation. in the case of states' rights, there is no conflict between the two that the federal government in its current form far oversteps its bounds.
the point is, even if they were to commit, they can make the public all happy with the bill then change it in the final version, thus screwing us over in the end.
i think most agree.  it's just a matter of hypocrisy and just deserts.
sarcasm.  possibly you're tired and grumpy too.

basically as far as i can tell the system will screw you over at the point that you get too old or lose your job.  heaven forbid that you wish to change jobs if you're in the middle of treatment for something nasty :(
liar. where did i ever make that claim?
you answered yourself

"they" are worried about rationing because *they* are the ones who can pay, so they are currently at the front of the line. 
i just typed "golden rice" into 4 different search engines and you know what the first two results were for all of them? 

goldenrice.org and wikipedia/goldenrice

you would've had to deliberately ignored these incredibly helpful links before finding that bs biotech website. 
because health industry is prone to become seller's market.

firstly, buyers cannot choose not to buy medial treatment. you can choose not to buy cola. you cannnot choose not to buy appendectomy because you will die without it. 

secondly, there is huge dichotomy of knowledge between sellers and buyers. most people wouldn't have clue as to what treatment they are getting or efficacy of drugs they are swallowing. people often take whatever their doctors recommend because doctors is the only people who know what the right treatment is. 

lastly, this is u.s. specific. health industry in u.s. is badly regulated and not competitive at all. i believe, in u.s, health insurance is regulated at state level. this allow drug and insurance industry to lobby the state legistraturer and design the regulatory regime to their advantage. that is why you get a situation where a uninsured hungarian colleague of mine had to piss off from u.s. after being charged $30000 for appendectomy.

here is what single payer government health care around the world do in practice. the government cap how much drug companies, hospitals and doctors can charge for each treatment and drugs. this is not same as hmo reducing cost by managing treatment. the government force the price down for the treatment to keep the budget expenditure low. that is why the cost of drugs in canada or mexico or for that matter, elsewhere is so cheap. 
right.  i didn't ask about lower prices, i asked for proof of your point, which is that the us market subsidizes world drug r&amp;d.
wow, they sure are scraping the bottom of the barrel for professional scientists nowadays. 56/44 is close enough for everybody else to say 50/50...  what an idiot.  obama won in what has been called a landslide, and 12% would have seen mccain as president, or fucking romney for that matter. 56/44 is not 50/50 and you're fucking stupid for thinking so.
or he could realize america clearly doesn't care since those guys didn't quit and just say f-it i'm staying too.
paris/nyc - everyone gets a day off, even the president. i'd rather he put some time into the health of his marriage instead of banging an intern. you honestly want to go there? he's human like everyone and is entitled to make sure his home life doesn't completely fall down. i'd also wager he worked in the morning and evening hours.

blind acceptance of obama's faults is bad, blind hatred is too.
lol. said the 3-hour user. and what does my comment history say?
but you haven't provided evidence for either of those arguments.  do you have evidence showing that canada would spend so much on their military without the us that they wouldn't be able to afford national healthcare?  don't bother giving any, i don't care.  the point is i'm not asking for arguments, i'm asking for proof.
&gt;competition should indeed drive down costs and improve quality. i am arguing that right now, this is not happening properly and that furthermore it shouldn't be set up this way if it stops people from getting vital treatment.

while the current healthcare market may not be as competitive as it could be, i don't think it's actually the case that there's not significant price competition going on. you have to remember that the cost of healthcare is going up for many reasons besides lack of insurance competition. so just the fact that prices are going up instead of down does not mean there's not good price competition going on, or that the prices wouldn't be even higher if we gave the government a monopoly as a single-payer insurance provider.

&gt;perhaps an alternative that you would find more paletable would be to legislate to ensure that everyone can receive coverage, prevent it from being tied to employment and ensure that people can feel able to leave their current provider.

some aspects of this seem reasonable to me. re: insurance being tied to employment, what the government should do in this regard is reverse their earlier policy of making health insurance only deductible for businesses. it should be the reverse, deductible only for individuals. health insurance should not be considered a "business expense." if you reversed this tax incentive, individual plans would become more affordable, and you wouldn't have to pass the more-restrictive law of preventing insurance from being tied to employers. there's an inherent value in insurance being portable, people will opt to buy it that way if the pricing is competitive and the tax incentives are appropriate.

i really don't want the government committing to spending any money per capita for health insurance, but if it's going to be done, a voucher system would make the most sense. if the government is going to run its own health insurance program for those who don't want to deal with the two-timing private insurers, people can use vouchers towards this.

i'd also prefer to see the voucher system limited on an as-needed basis too, like food stamps, rather than just being available to all 300 million americans regardless of need basis.

i'd also like to see school systems run on a voucher basis too, if we insist on having public schools. but we don't, because then we'd actually have competition for the non-rich market in private schools, and that would drive people away from the public schools, which would then fail because they perform so poorly. :)
let us hope so! they would be using predators next.
so, then - the republicans are more honest?
i didn't read it as rude, just as a factual emotionless text stamtement.
i'm slightly mind-blown as to why you are taking any of this so personally.

also, getting info from the peddlers of their product can be slightly misleading, which is why i skipped that one.  and in case you didn't finish reading it, the wikipedia article says all of the same things i said from the original post.  it does indeed say that they have developed a strain with more bk in it, but that it isn't ready for human consumption, as well as the fact that it needs to be paired with a diet containing adequate fat, which isn't the case for malnourished people with vitamin a deficiencies anyway.

but honestly, i think you need to calm down slightly and realize some of the things you are saying.
pork sword sounds tasty.  does that make me gay?
do you have any comments on this shining example of american health service?
http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/8ukbu/woman_knew_her_health_history_included_acne_and_a/

this is not an isolated case 
actually, in ellis v. city of grand rapids, the court upheld the decision of the city to use eminent domain to provide land for a new hospital, saying "the concerted effort for renewal and expansion of hospital and medical care centers as a part of our nation's system of hospitals, is as a public service and use within the highest meaning of such terms. surely this is in accord with an objective of the united states constitution: ‘promote the general welfare.’"

in this case, the government was promoting the general welfare by expanding access to health care.
when did mexicans develop their amazing powers of invisibility?
that was a good death...
get your head out of your obama loving sandpit....he has surrounded himself with banking insiders and lobbyists, and is just doing whatever the fed wants, keeping bush secrecy policies, keeping the wars going, handing over and not accounting for so much money that the budget does not even make sense anymore...and the proof is in the sudden (even more than bush) gap beween insiders and the middle class
maybe it's just me getting pessimistic in my old age, but it seems that you can tell what a politician's kink is by looking at what they fight against: prositution, child porn, gambling, drugs, infidelity (family values), etc...

'takes one to know one' has taken on a whole new meaning since childhood.
latin was the one and only official language of the empire; also, their subjects had to pledge loyalty to the emperor.

but the roman empire was an empire, and the usa is a nation-state. a bit different.
obama's speech to iran and his speech in cairo played a significant role in supporting the opposition forces in iran.
&gt;so, if you want a pragmatic approach to the problem, you should start by looking at why the us is the outlier.

we already know this: the insurance system.    perhaps you missed my initial point - a pragmatic approach to our problem - i.e., the insurance system.    saying, "well everyone else does it, so we should too" isn't terribly useful or pragmatic.   nor is assuming that our issues are due to insurance (which worked just fine for many years).     the problem is lack of regulation.     uhc may be an answer, but it's disingenuous to say that it's the only answer without doing the research (which, as far as i'm aware, hasn't been done.)
 

well, i'm sorry but my opening statement was that gm foods can be more healthy for consumers. golden rice, regardless of how much you eat, is more healthy for you than normal rice. you're trying to argue that gm rice won't single-handedly solve vitamin a defiency - something i never stated. and now i'm pretty pissed because i find myself defending a point that i wasn't even advocating. and what's worse is that you didn't even open with a well-researched argument. if you weren't deliberately trying to anger me then i apologize for the insults i threw at you, but this argument is off-topic regardless of who's right.

edit - yea, i probably should've taken a nap before i wrote this stuff. 

edit2 - you know, even if you were trying to deliberately anger me, i still apologize.
either would fit the bill....
i am?
the gop has finally become the court jester of washington.
unless, of course, they are waging a war. in which case they never mention "war" and "tax payer" in the same sentence.
i encourage such behavior in all young women.
nothing to do with the caps. in my circles, its considered rude to say things like

&gt; i emphasize the word because you don't seem to know what it means


america was never a center right country. america is being pulled "center right" by the two (really one) party system because rightwing views better align with the "profit at any cost" mentality. the reason business is attracted to the right rank and file is due to their willingness to sell out their well being for a platform for their non issues.
my fault on that, i see what you mean now.  although i disagree on not being well researched, everything i said is repeated on multiple sites including wikipedia, i was just not aware that a new strain was in development.

i just tend to err on the side of questioning the need of gmo foods when there are other alternatives out there, especially when gene flow between crops like this is pretty widespread.  i don't doubt that there is a benefit to golden rice providing vitamin a, i just doubt that it is the necessary solution.
i'm so tired of the paultards. ron paul is old, racist, anti-choice and believes hardcore that there's a big man up in the sky who gives a shit about what you do and will torture you forever if you mess up.
actually 10% is entirely reasonable considering the sampling error is just as big or bigger.  

you know, i myself enjoy cursing and insulting a great deal, but i'm very careful to make sure the curses and insults are deserved, otherwise they make me look like a total fucking moron.  in other words, you're a total fucking moron.
that is because democrats are republican lite, not left wing. 
it take incredible amount of legal, regulatory and political fine tuning to make competition work. the idea that "free market" just sort itself out is indeed a myth. it has taken centuries of development in legal and regulatory framework to get well developed countries to have competitive market as it is now. 
yeah that was my point. maximizing corporate profits with a fiat currency is definitely not a libertarian thing. i don't know too much about objectivism, but i had no idea it was so radically big-government.
thankyou for the clarification. i appreciate your calm demeanor.

edit- i still don't like that website though. [are you gonna honestly tell me this looks like a reputable source to you?](http://www.biotech-info.net/golden.html)
man, when even cokie roberts gets it, something big is happening.
take the insurance company out of the loop and health care costs become affordable, and doctors still can afford golf and porsches.
i'm not so sure.

two things: i'm not a lawyer, and fuck hal turner eight ways from saturday with a worthless collection of rusty, well-played with go-bots.

i suspect the brandenburg v. ohio case, unless something has replaced it (been awhile since i looked), will be the case if this goes to the supreme court (and it probably will).

http://law.jrank.org/pages/12639/brandenburg-v-ohio.html

roughly this says that only speech which urges direct action can be proscribed; that merely talking about the moral propriety of using violence is protected speech.

the quote in the submission is:

“it is our intent to foment direct action against these individuals personally. these beastly government officials should be made an example of as a warning to others in government: obey the constitution or die."

"should be made" seems to be the questionable verbiage here, vs. "go out and shoot the bastards."

it will depend on how that is read.  the first sentence says, "it is our intent" - who is "our" and does that rise to "urging others" to commit an immediate violent act?

* incidentally, i have no personal opinion on this matter (re: this court case).  i find hal turner to be a disgusting individual.  i'm just questioning how the courts will find.
the operative from serenity is so fucking awesome.
