did not know about mls academies. very intriguing, googling now. 
edit: for the lazy curious: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u.s._soccer_development_academy
too soon 
what a high class dude.
while i absolutely hate what the middle-east has become and our involvement in it, it should be noted the middle-east only looks like it does because the british made it that way in their rush to set up more colonial outposts post-wwi.
when the brits decided these borders, they were not looking out for the welfare of the people. the instability in the region is what they wanted, and got.
this better escalate to at *least* involuntary manslaughter.  what a fucking asshole.  and maybe i am going too far, but i feel that the sports-dads who berate refs of their childrens' games are on the same spectrum of assholishness.
i couldn't hear this during the game due to all the around me cheering like madmen. it was awesome.
you think there are more people in the us that are mls fans than college sports? if you do, you are retarded.
you don't have to be that tall to play. anything over 6'. there's just height brackets for positions. the nba always needs more elite point guards. 
people are acting like this is the first time we made it out of group stage. we have won a round of 16 game before. people just forget every 4 years. 
i'm trying to imagine what it would be like if lasers were legal at football games.. if they sold them at concession stands. it would be hysterical.
our secretary of defense would never take drugs.
you heard it hear folks, tim howard is our greatest asset against terrorists. show your support and sign the petition to appoint him as the secretary of defense:
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-tim-howard-secretary-defense/5cczyws8
i'm sorry sir but it looks like you have high concentrations of freedom in your blood. 
i might be biased because i've played soccer and basketball my whole life but i think basketball players transition nicely to soccer.
at my highschool in missouri men's soccer had to compete with football for practice space, game times, storage space, all that stuff
or an nasl team. go cosmos!
there's more to the story. let's keep the reddit lynch mob on their lunch break.
i understand the gripe about performance enhancing drugs by what's the fuss about marijuana? being shit faced drunk and getting duis is ok but hit a bong and you're banned?
very true, and i don't like football or baseball because i find them mind numbingly boring.   watch and spend your money on whichever sport you like.  for me, it's soccer.
actually they do represent the values of this country.  the us was built through teamwork.
most college fans just have a day off to support their school they don't follow the sport.
people who don't go to school but follow college teams are lame af.
globally i know people who follow mls but have no idea we have college leagues.
print menus
the man played like a beast! i'd drug test him too.
good.. give in to your hate.. your hate makes you powerful.
i hope they were able to identify what he was on... because i want some.
people are really going to fly in to any of these cities for a day to watch a match, from around the world, and expect to rent a car and tool around? i don't think so. 
just as assholish still, but he was punched by a player in an adult league game.
sure. point is i suppose that that market can support games without batting an eye, while building in a brand-new location without professional teams would be dumb. 
pretty sure the murder conviction will be an easy one. 
oh my god could you imagine the hype that would've been surrounding him and bonds down the stretch chasing hank aaron.. that would've been insane. he definitely had a legitimate shot at the hr record had he 1) not gotten injured so frequently down the stretch of his career. 2) worked a little bit harder and took better care of his body down the stretch. it was just kinda weak that the mariners had basically built safeco field for him, then he cuts to cincy.. and the mariners win 116 games the next year. i've been an m's fan for life because of griffey. 
didn't really deserve any "dirty money" from brazil, not anymore that they wouldn't have received from the us.  brazil, with its rapidly growing economy and football culture, was a decent location to handle the wc.  the plans for it were absolutely ludicrous and damaging to the people to an extent.
i agree clint was poor, but i think it was more of the position he played. dempsey's natural role is offensive mid or a second striker, not as a true #9. if i were jurgen, i'd have started one of johansson/wondolowski up front, moved dempsey back and given bradley a more defensive role.
mls is already in fifa 14. actually, they have been in fifa for many years now. as you would imagine though, the teams stats are very low compared to other teams around the world,
neither you or i happen to have the #'s for attendance, tv ratings, and earnings of college sports vs. mls, but you are deluding yourself if you think mls is anywhere close to college sports in  
there are 19 mls teams that don't sell out their tiny venues, and only a few that even has their own. columbus actually had to play in ohio states stadium and never had a fraction of the attendance of ohio states football team.
tv ratings of college sports absolutely dwarf that of mls, if mls is even broadcasted. 
i'd be willing to bet that in 1 school year, in just college basketball and football, that more revenue is generated than in all of the years of the mls combined.
you have zero idea of what you are talking about.
seems ironic they would test someone like him
wrong. america was founded on individualism. soccer is a collectivist sport played by collectivist europeans.
no.  say the average reaction time was 100ms.  now let's decrease that to 50ms.  you're now reacting twice as fast. 
but the cake is a lie...
in case you were wondering, he let in 2 goals that game.
thanks for the reply, i had a feeling it had to do with the age of the players. i'm not sure why i got downvoted for expressly stating i was missing something and asking for clarification, but i guess that's reddit for you.
so following your logic, when a car is travelling at 100mph and then decreases its speed by 50mph it's travelling 2x as fast
sober up and read again in the morning. time != distance/time.  frankly, they're in diametric opposition. 
call guinness!!
if you guys like football as you like basketball, then america will have a team can win the world cup.
aaand it ensures sufficient coverage for the other sports at the olympics. let's face it, most people wouldn't watch anything but soccer at the olympics if it were the 'real deal'
&gt;obviously illegal.
definitely not obvious.  it doesn't happen enough to be obvious.
i read the comments on this thread hoping for some intellectual conversation about the future of us soccer ...and we're talking about pissing toothpaste. 
&gt;telling me through laws and actions that i need welfare more than another race? that we need scholarships that are specifically for my race? that we qualify for housing that other races don't?
that is basically the "harm to beneficiaries objection," and it is one based on meritocracy—something that we do not have in this country (i do think they are not geared toward empowerment, though, which i touch on below). if there were equal opportunities and institutionalized racism, sexism, classism, homophobia, albleism, cissexism, etc. was non-existent, i would agree with you. but that type of institutional inequality is still widespread, despite it being more effectively concealed.
[this is basically how i feel about those policies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xisihrnqlqo)—they are part of "healing the wound." with institutional inequality, still the "knife" hasn't even been pulled out yet. also for what it's worth, it's been shown that whites will use this harm to beneficiaries objection to protect their own racial group's self-interest (e.g., oppose affirmative action and say that it's because it undermines those who it is trying to help, but really it's motivated by self-interest of one's own privileged racial group).
&gt;those are the real racists.
as i cited malcolm x above, he was also pretty critical of white liberals, too. he makes a pretty cogent argument, as well. basically: white liberals get votes by saying shit is gunna change and it never does. i agree with that. but i don't buy the fox news argument that liberals are the "real racists." it has no empirical evidence, and imo it's just fox news trying to make themselves not look like all of the shit they promote doesn't protect the white, christian, male, heterosexual, cisgender, able-bodied, upper-class status quo, when in reality it does.
&gt;i don't need somebody that has never stepped foot in the ghetto, never been a minority
many proponents of these policies have.
&gt;not laws that enable us to keep up this vicious cycle of poverty, and thus, crime. it's done nothing but make people reliant and complacent.
with the way that welfare is run currently, yeah it does create a vicious cycle. yeah, there needs to be more of an angle of empowerment, although from those that i've talked to and been around, i don't get a sense of people being complacent as much as a sense of stuck in the vicious cycle.
&gt;what we need is to break the chains of contempt
how do we do this, then?
dude... the number decreases, the reaction time increases, your patronizing me when you're wrong... and you're making yourself look bad
i was being facetious with the mph comparison, clearly the speed doesnt increase*... i understand where you're coming from, but you are wrong
reagan had absolutely nothing to do with the fall of communism.
eddm postcards
no need for a petition. i'd bet there is a contractor or defense department r&amp;d group working on a death star concept.
fuck people who don't tip  
seriously.  that's someones source of income your screwing with
i can reply to myself?
sweet.
pretty much. i love how well the us represented us, but when someone talks about pissing red, white, and blue, i gotta ask. also, /r/sports isn't the best place to hope for intellectual conversation about the future of us soccer.
that man saved murica's honor.
now pee in the cup.
signed as a belgian, soon we will be able to steal your freedom!
mhuahahahaaaa
 i've lived in nova for most of my life and i don't know a single person who calls it "national."  it's always been regan, dulles, and bwi respectively. 
some groovy tunes with that vid.
know of a good sub to find such conversation?
a country full of fucking idiots. 
fdfhnhnjh
it's the internet...nope.
free on your xbox, if you have one. i'm not sure where else to watch it.
i heard that the morning of the game he shaved his face clean, but he's so manly, and with every save, it grew bit by bit.
this was on inis mór in ireland last week, seriously impressive event
lol ohio
lol soccer
aquafreedom
only if he has a thing for squirrels.
'murica
he said put your arm back
quit
custom notepad printing
name any mls team, and i will name a college team from that state that completely dwarfs it in attendance, ratings and revenue.
i used ohio state as an example because it is in the same city as the columbus crew.
lol ohio all you want, but ohio state sports are probably more popular, more watched, and higher grossing than the top 5 mls teams combined.
"lol most popular thing in the history of everything"
wow, americans are *really* hyping their own team's performance. 
i'm all balls
:(
16
cmon man dont call them the lions....they are one of the very few teams that use the proper term soccer club. i wish my team was ny/nj metro sc, but thats just me.
thank you diseased lemon
print menus
you could always try to win a replica championship.
i would be so pissed off if i were him.
this posting and thread is about soccer in the us and how it has gone from a blip on the radar to a bigger blip on the radar for 1 week, and then back to obscurity and insignificance.
a very small minority of people give a damn about soccer once they are past youth league in the us, yet us soccer fan can't get over his napoleon complex on how small and irrelevant he is in the pecking order.
it's okay pops you'll be dead in 5 years and no one will get you riled up about how you used to love it in them good old days, before it's was all about the slidin, and da floppin, and da puddn pops
this shows the true depth of american soccer knowledge. they played a horrible game and sucked the entire way through. your keeper setting a record for saves is not a good thing, it's a bad thing. 
i fully expect many people to have this opinion.  i personally find american football and baseball to be mind numbingly boring.  that said, i feel a person should speak with their dollars and spend them on what they enjoy regardless of which sport it is.
i've got all the fact and numbers on my side, and you've got nothing. no fans. no attendance. no revenue.....and after the world cup, nobody that cares.
shit yeah. a person of 2 meters height is considered pretty tall. now stack 14 of them and jump off head first. 
haha no (...please write another essay)
lol cricket.  
a sport americans care about even less than soccer.
not sure how much russians care about it.  probably not much different.
cheap postcards
you are the retard who thinks mls is bigger than college sports. in your world is 1&gt;30?
it is
i'm so sad that this happened to a wonderful guy. he was a great referee, did plenty of my brother's games and was one of the better refs around. i just know from my refereeing experiences myself, the abuse from dearborn/dearborn heights area teams (mostly run by arab men that think they know everything) is ridiculous. it's awful to see this happen to a great guy, and you have to feel sorry for his family. i didn't know him personally, but from just watching him referee games, you can tell he had a real passion for it.
things like this make me scared to officiate games here though; this is the kind of thing you expect to hear come out of south america or eastern europe where these kind of games are so much more intense. this was in an open over 30 league, which is really just a chance for a bunch of guys to get some exercise and have an excuse to get a few beers afterward.
are you a woman? because of course it would be weird for a guy to refer to a table of guys as boys unless they were much much younger than himself. it would not be weird at all for a woman to call a group of men of any age, boys.
thanks for the comment, i'm actually portuguese i just live in spain
please make another great joke about how portugal got eliminated early, i'm not expecting it.
i hope all of this reading and writing didn't cause you to be knocked down and flop all over the ground like you were hit by a train. 
nasty injury &gt; harmless bite.
i believe i had him in my fantasy football team at the time. certainly counted double for me!
hahaha...no
this is like when you're doing so fucking awesome in an online game that you get called out for 'hacking', or banned from the server. 
that being said, what do they fucking expect to find, that drug from limitless? 
i miss him.
ah detroit 
if you want to attract talent to soccer in the u.s. show kids from a young age pictures of the top soccer players wives and their cars. problem solved.
pls respond
response
that's watching the highlights, not watching a football game.
yeah sure they do
it hasn't been a revolution.  it's been a steady growth.
keep in mind that mls is only in its 19th season.  that is ridiculously young.  its attendance is already greater than that of the nhl or nba, and has risen by more than 5,000 fans per game since 2000.  lucrative tv deals have been signed with major networks, and now nbc is carrying more mls games on national tv than were ever shown before.  seven mls teams are in the top 3 most attended sports teams in their metro area (this includes 2-team-per-league cities like la).  not a single team had a soccer-specific stadium when the league began, and now over 2/3 play in one.  it hasn't spiked up by any means, but it has grown strongly and steadily, and is only going to keep growing.
and that's just focusing on the top tier of the usa.  nasl has been doing very well, with many teams attendance increasing year-by-year, and indianapolis drawing over 11,000 to every game (which would have been unheard of for a second-tier side just five years ago).  when it comes to watching the foreign leagues, tv ratings and availability of english, spanish, italian, and german matches is at a level never seen before.  teams like manchester united, arsenal, real madrid, barcelona, and juventus are now largely household names whereas few had heard of them (or knew much about them) 20 years ago.  same with players like ronaldo, messi, etc.
as you said, there was never a gigantic spike in soccer's popularity in this country.  but only a fool wouldn't see that this country's love for soccer is light years ahead of where it was in 1999, and the signs are that the interest in the sport is only going to get stronger.
no one gave us a chance to advance.  we did, and even though our keeper did a lot of the work, we drove belgium down to the wire, and easily could have won that game ^^if ^^wondo ^^had ^^scored ^^that ^^sitter.
and this is an incredibly young team.  most will be back in 2018.  and this team isn't going to peak until 2022 (or even later).
we were playing in a group with the tournament favorites, (arguably) the best player in the world, and the team that eliminated us from the last two world cups.
oddsmakers gave us a 30% chance of making it out of the group, and many fans said that was being overly optimistic.
your lack of knowledge shows when you say that getting out of a group including germany, portugal, and ghana isn't a big deal.  it is, regardless of how it was done.
not to mention how young this team is.  14-16 of the 23 (including 7-8 likely starters) will be back for the next world cup.  new young players who aren't even on this squad (like gedion zelalem and ben lederman) have a lot of potential, if they can unlock it.
the future is brighter than people think.  this was the springboard.  2018 and 2022 will see the true potential of the usa (at least, as far as we can tell right now).
totally normal to be drug tested after a game
you want the shortest reaction time possible for quicker reflexes.
if it takes me 5 minutes to walk to the shop that's a *quicker* *time* than if it had taken me 10 minutes to walk the exact same distance. "reaction time" is literally the time taken to react to an event.
50ms is a faster reaction time than 100ms.
100ms is a greater (larger) reaction time than 50ms.
if i increase my reaction time (the time taken to react to stimulous) the time taken to react has increased, so instead of 50ms it might be 75ms. if i *improve* my reaction time it could be a decrease to a faster time.
i feel like we all know what we're talking about but we're arguing semantics
missile defense system. 
straight sports talk is one of the most popular places to watch online sports news and also here sports lovers will get many other opportunities like they can watch live scores as well as take update for the upcoming matches.
disrespecting ronnie.  it's a good idea.
he saved a few goals. nothing special.
this is not a story. they test so many players all the time. 
i think grass roots football in the usa is pretty good although it is targeted more at girls. it seems to be a default sport for kids. the problem is the exposure. the format of the game is off putting for major networks as the only break in the game in which they can show adverts is half time. i believe this is a major reason why they struggle to retain the young guys' interest.
the talent pool is a lot deeper than most people realize in mls. nearly every non-us player that has come to mls has said they were surprised by the quality of the league. of course its not epl level yet, but we need to stop assuming mls is a shit show. its a very talented league.
is there? what makes you think so? 
i completely agree with you man, i really do. i love soccer with a passion and would love nothing more to see the united states excel in this sport. i recently started watching mls and i do have to agree with you on the lack of skill and quality. albeit, there is a bright side. mls teams are starting to figure out ways to promote their teams by bringing in big names, and it is bringing attention. although this not an only solution, i believe that we need a complete over haul of our development structure starting with youth development. mls just needs more attention and i believe with more attention comes with change for the better. it just needs backing from all of us, no matter how different and boring our system is. if we support our local clubs, as they say, then we can help our league grow and change for the better. 
are you sure? it seems to be a mixture of both performance and random results. at least, from what i can gather(i may be wrong)
the same spectrum as killing someone?
nasty injury = could happen within the rules of the game. any bite of any kind = insane person with no regard as to the rules of the game. it's not about severity. no one is saying "i'd rather have a broken leg.". 
also, not necessarily harmless - see: www.patient.co.uk/health/human-bites
www.emedicine.medscape.com/article/218901-overview
logged in just to upvote this
but seriously...you're the hero reddit deserves
from wu tang to nike, such story...
kluwe wrote a post about how punters always get tested after they have a good game in american football.  especially that punter that laid out a returner... ill have to find the clip when im off mobile, (no im not thinking of seabass raiders fans)
edit: colts kicker lays out broncos kick off return guy: http://youtu.be/6_fe8dpqnkg
so no one listened before commenting, then?
it's a completely standard thing that happens after most big games. petr cech was tested after chelsea won the champions league, he missed all the celebrations in the changing rooms.
absolutely class! 
&gt; cod
read that as "command and conquer".  my age is showing.
rejection, after rejection! 
strongpuberty/10
two random players of each team are tested after every game, isn't it?
yeah i've been watching it its pretty good but that guys mam on the last episode was a miserable bitch haha when he told here he was going to brazil
that you can fit 3 non-americans in one american seat?
doing god's work son.
before you americans ask, it goes like this (to the tune of chim chinemy from mary poppins) 'tim timminy, tim timminy, tim tim tirooo
we've got tim howard and he says f*ck you!!'
spoken like a true *patriot*
:)
&gt; for fox sake
i'm not criticizing or making fun, but is that a euphemism or do you really think that's the expression?
what a bunch of whiney arseholes.
fifa tests random players from each team after every match (at least competitive, not entirely sure about friendlies).
nothing newsy here.  let's move along.
literaly the worst music ive ever heard jesus christ
you can find those types of conversation on reddit. you just have to dig past the top comments which often are more style than substance
tim howard vs chuck norris
it's sad that we're at a point where if an athlete is doing extremely well, we assume they're taking some sort of ped
well 2 balls went in the net behind him, guess how many balls i've got in my sack.
bistro man
yes, medlin delivered a meatball of a cross at 116' and i can't fathom how a shot was not taken.  if it was wondo, he royally screwed up late that game.  his pass on the great set piece was too strong and of course the miss at the end of regulation time.  i've only seen this play twice and would love to see it again but i cannot find it.
normally they test 2 random players from each team
but the fifa reserve the right to test more players and specific players as well, after they won in the group stage costa rica had 7 players tested
its just how the world is if u u are a professional athlete
(americans should understand, they had ped problems in nearly all of their major sports in the past, i dont know why dan is laughing that he is tested after the match, wouldnt he be wasted if they test him a week after?  of course he is tested asap)
i mean in some sports players have to inform the anti-doping agency about their daily whereabouts the entire year day in, day out
seems he had good reason to not tip in this instance.  
also: tipping is asinine and backwards, but if you're going to participate in the system of tipping (going somewhere that has waitstaff) you should participate in tipping.  
celebrities not tipping should be no more news than old people or broke kids not tipping, this shit's not news.
 that's cool.  it'd be unreasonable where i live, but some places like california would work.
when i was going through high school, my school's soccer team was usually pretty good.  they made it to the state finals my sophomore year.  the reason we did so well was that my school didn't have a football team.
can't obummer do anything right?
he tried to piss in the toilet but he saved it in a cup. a blessing and curse on this patriot's shoulders. 
since when does the goalie get to pick his successor?
wonder how many americans know who he is. cricket must be the biggest, non-world wide sport. 
&gt; goal tender
 wtf is a goal tender?
it's fucking tim howard, he can do whatever he likes, now get!
"live http://www.formula1online.net/  2014 formula 1 santander british grand prix  on 04 - 06 jul 2014 british gp circuits silverstone circuit type race
circuit length 5.141kms
circuit turns 17
circuit direction clockwise
capacity 150,000
live formula 1 online here http://www.formula1online.net/
live formula 1 online here http://www.formula1online.net/
live formula 1 online here http://www.formula1online.net/
live formula 1 online here http://www.formula1online.net/
live formula 1 online here http://www.formula1online.net/
live formula 1 online here http://www.formula1online.net/
live formula 1 online here http://www.formula1online.net/"
so fuck - it's standard that the best performing players in each match are tested.
the mountaineers won 3 straight fcs titles between 2005-07. they did beat us in 2007. they could have beaten a lot of div 1 teams. they were really good and continue to recruit well for fcs.
my former 13 year self can't stand the idea so i'm going to erase that possibility from my mind. 
regardless, he was the nicest player i ever met at spring training. 
right, i grew up in md in on the outskirts of dc, it was pretty much always dca or national when i was a kid (i moved away before it became reagan), "the one on the way to grandma's" (bwi), or "the one with the scissor lift busses" dulles. i've got some friends who transplanted there and said something about reagan once and got the "no body from dc calls it reagan, it's just "national". i was like "well you aren't even from dc." anyway, i've determined it's a political thing, and frankly i don't really care. 
you should see a doctor about that
yeah, obviously he got the record because so few get the opportunity to save that many shots, still amazing!
as much as i will hate to see tim not be there, i trust in guzan. he has epl experience and can gain even more experience in the coming years. 
however, all 3 of our goalkeepers in this world cup are 29+ years old. guzan will be 33 for 2018, and probably will not be starting 2022. we need to start to develop a young gk core soon, and they need to spread out to different leagues around the world to get experience. howard was able to stand on his frickin head this world cup because his "day job" is getting shots fired off from suarez, hazard, rooney, or the tons of other star players in the epl. same goes for guzan's experience coming from epl. 
we will need young gks to grow and mesh with the young core we have already in other positions. i feel 2018 will still turn out a great world cup for the u.s., but after that i feel it could go better or worse depending on how we are farming our gk group.
brad will do a great job 
i laughed at the us team prior to that game and especially since tim howard was never that great in the premier league. but my god in that game he was a beast, i wanted america to win purely based on his performance.
i'm not talking shit about hockey. the simple fact is though, only the northerners like it (yes, i understand there are teams in other southern cities and displaced fans, but odds are if you started your day with grits and biscuits and gravy instead of scrapple and bagels, you probably aren't watching hockey)
i agree with you that we enjoyed watching soccer, and a supporter of the union of the mls it was a pleasure to see so many people into it. but we also get behind our hockey team with lots of support.
his dad was playing in the major leagues at that time so there was a good chance he was going straight to the pros. 
bear grylls: "you called?" 
you realize there are many many many things named after reagan? http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_things_named_after_ronald_reagan
no body said they like obama either (ie appoints lobbiest from cable companys to fcc) people are allowed to hate people who make terrible choices and reagon has many many many things named after him (scroll up to my earlier comment)
there's always more to the story.  truth is, if you received bad service, you talk to a manager.  more than likely you will get your meal comped.  but when you are famous and living in the age of social media, not tipping will land you all over yahoo! or tmz or some other media outlet.  i work the service industry and i waited tables for a few years.  there is no excuse for not tipping at least 10%; many service problems are not the server's fault.
ignorant fool here, but what happens if he failed the test? i mean i understand he is a national hero and will get a pretty shiny participation trophy but if his team is out why does it matter?
lois einhorn?
write to your local congressman to get fluoride out of your piss!
calm down, content cop!  if you want such intellectual conversation, feel free to supply it yourself.  i have no problem with the direction of these comments. 
"we're gonna need a bigger cup"
thanks, that was a great explanation of af for a complete outsider like myself. how much room is there for improv in a af game or is the attack/defense that miticuously coordinated that all players really have to work together to execute the game plan for risk of falling it totally apart like you'd see with a setup of chess pieces.
bbb
what's your point?
you don't get fast enough to win 100 m on the olympics just by taking steroids. do you believe that we shouldn't be testing those athletes because of that?
that's the right idea, but is just a little off. murder generally requires intent to kill, whether it is planned or not. each state, however can define the crimes however they want. this exact thing happened in utah about a year ago, and the player pleaded guilty to homicide by assault. he was only seventeen, so the penalty was a maximum of three years. i highly doubt this qualifies as murder under michigan's murder laws, but it may qualify as done other form of homicide. 
link to a [gofundme] (http://www.gofundme.com/johnbieniewicz) in his name to support his family and his funeral
my point is that, ritalin is hardly going to matter at all in a game like soccer. especially at the professional level. it's not even worth comparing to steroids because it's just a drop in the ocean compared to it. calm down. 
also, i never said anything about not testing athletes. you said that. 
[x] someone pointing out cliche's/memes occurring
people are making it seem as if this is something highly irregular. it isn't. in competition drug tests are taken after every single match. the official rule is that two players from each team are selected to go for drug testing. these tests are taken after the match in every world cup match. 
" violence against amateur soccer referees is unfortunately a worldwide phenomenon. last year in brazil, spectators killed, dismembered and decapitated a 20-year-old amateur ref after he stabbed a player."
w....t....f
cody cropper is 21 and is the backup at southampton. he's a few years away, but maybe he'll get a loan for a year or two before being a starter in the epl. howard was 24 when he got the starting role at man u. cropper is right on schedule.
hmm... in some southern cities i'd say there is an extremely passionate and dedicated fan base, even if it is limited. from personal experience i can tell you tampa bay lightning games are well attended and the crowd in smashville goes nuts. i mean there has to be a certain level of support, considering the phoenix team moved from winnipeg, the dallas team is from minnesota, carolina started in connecticut, etc. there's only two teams that relocated south to north and not vis-e-versa. i think it'd be an incorrect generalization to say only northerner a like hockey. not to mention the top tier prospects starting to come out of texas, california, and other sunny states.
what do portuguese soccer players and brazilian whores have in common? they both suck during the world cup.... (best i could think of under pressure)
"baseel abdul-amir saad"
what a surprise.
but that is south america. it's a hell hole full of savages. they would dismember you over nothing down there.
its rare that i like an athlete more after hearing them speak. total pro
cropper isn't a bad 'keeper but i doubt he'll ever be good enough for southampton. the usa need to be looking at a much better player when they look for a new goalkeeper after howard/guzan.
&gt;fifa say that the mass procedure was necessary because some of the costa rica players had been unavailable for the mandatory pre-tournament tests.
http://www.theguardian.com/football/2014/jun/21/costa-rica-fifa-drug-test-italy-world-cup
san jose is my team. i remember when they use to be good. at least we r getting a new stadium! 
he didn't say people are stupid. he said petitioning the white house for stupid shit everyone knows won't get passed and wasting their time is a stupid thing to do.
not saying americans aren't sports crazy but that's not a good metric. some european countries have newspapers that are solely dedicated to sports...
&gt; misleading title.
on reddit?!?  i never!
soccer fans are spread out between mls and premier league etc. but everyone likes to pretend we have to watch mls to get points for caring about soccer. although im sure loads of people watch the world cup who otherwise don't care about soccer at all.
just want to point out this can easily happen with a single punch.  do not get into fist fights thinking it is just "rough housing" or some such bullshit.  you can kill people with that first punch and should only enter combat if you accept that as a possible outcome.  it is not an appropriate way to show you disagree or are mad, it should be for self-defense only and this sort of lashing out physically not only ended this ref's life and shattered his family but will have real consequences for the guy who killed him (rightfully so).
he was on glue. 
glue
glue 
glue
because they are. the gameplay the usa did was playing like a scared weasel. i'm so glad the usa is out because of the boring and frustrating gameplay, defending with no technical soccer skills at all. out with ya.
that has nothing to do with it. the usa played so defensive and only attacked when the other made a mistake. that's no way to win. you can win a game, sure, but you can't win anything major. and it's messing up the game. good that you guys are out. go back watch sports nobody cares about in the world, and be the world champion. 
it is done at random is it not? so it is not suggesting he is a drug cheat. what drug could a keeper even really take to improve their abilities?
i seriously thinks somebody needs to check [this guy](http://imgur.com/kw9rwyh)
so tragic. there was a similar case in utah not too long ago.
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/utah-soccer-ref-punched-coma-teen-player-dies-article-1.1335459
why did they put an italian clapping dog on a soccer team?
i always read it this way:
the force was too far to the light side, and then palpatine rose up, shifting it too far to the dark, where it continued to tilt during the clone wars.  it shifted precipitously when anakin became vader and slaughtered the younglings, and order 66 was given to destroy the rest of the jedi.
the deaths of the jedi masters were not through anakin's actions, thus, those could not be *him* bringing balance to the force.  
anakin skywalker didn't return balance to the force until he killed the emperor - the darkest of the dark - in return of the jedi.
really? because i eat strawberries with a spoo.... oh..... thats not the joke
*sees wizards jacket*
this is clearly a pre-game, not a post-game, celebration.
can you explain the joke to me?
there are good conversations on the topic happening pretty regularly in /r/mls.  it's not just mls talk, but all us soccer, give it a look, i'm sure there is some discussion like what you're looking for since the wc just ended for the usmnt.
ah yes, that legendary andy murray wit and charisma.
shit, that's how i eat 'em.
cheeky bastard 
and the brit gets it wrong.
maybe he should start eating his strawberries with cream... if he wants to get past the round of 16.
he's 21! how can you say that? guzan was an mls rookie at 21, he wasn't a starter at villa until 2012, when he was 27! cropper is exactly the type of player the usa need to look at, especially considering bill hamid's not all he was promised to be yet.
make someone say something like dork ten times, then ask them what they eat soup with. you are supposed to say fork when really you eat soup with a spoon.... ha
"push on men!" is what i got
strawberries and cream is a tradition at wimbledon. wimbledon tournament is in the uk. andy murray is the only brit in the pic and should be the one who most emphatically answers, "with cream". and now the joke is deconstructed and not funny.
i like how serious he looks.
http://prosoccertalk.nbcsports.com/2014/07/03/us-national-team-keeper-cody-cropper-signs-new-deal-with-southampton/
well i didn't know strawberries and cream were a tradition.  thanks, it actually helps it be more of a funny joke for me.
strawberries and cream are the traditional dish of "breakfast at wimbledon."  spectators ate/eat it.
you mean like last year when he won?
as befits being a native english speaker educated in proper schools, he is the only one who actually answers the question. p.s. inb4 til dunblane.
anyone who thinks the waitress was being racist is insane ... 90% of waitress would great a table of all men at a sports bar w/ the greeting "hello boys" or "hey guys" ... seriously ... sapp is just being an asshole here 
thats what the question was actually asking..
a philosopher would wonder if your nuts are actually stuck to your leg, or if your leg is stuck to your nuts. i'm not a philosopher, though. 
cream? sour cream...or?
i didn't know that
i didn't 
upvote for poetry, yo. your rhymes are like way sick, bro.
you see this semi-healthy berry? how can we smoother it with fat?
but he's all we've got!
sorry, but he's the reining wimbledon frigging champion. and every year he gets asked the same ridiculous questions in the build up. i think i'd have to answer a question like that just so i don't lose my mind!
andy murray is a professional sportsman. i'd prefer more sportsmen to have a dry wit than a stupid amount of charisma any day.
http://imgur.com/fjm6f5r
americans are so weird sometimes with their traditions.
like indoctrinating children
in fairness, he's scottish so he probably thinks strawberries are a ben and jerry's flavour.
*scot
'
edit: pls stop telling me its "scot", im sorry for making a mistake.
i didn't know that, and i wouldn't know these were tennis players if it wasn't in the title. 
also i didn't think about cream when i first read the title. i thought, "i eat it in one bite, do some people cut it up?"
scotland is part of the uk. but there's always a joke that goes around that when he wins, he's british but when he loses he's scottish.
so no one eats it with their mouth?
3
his new response is now 'at home'
damn 3edgy5me
single cream. double cream. whipped cream. mmm cream. 
people are so weird sometimes with their traditions.
like fighting on the internet.
andy murray, the hope of an empire.
i watched most of that game. with the exception of one impressive save early on most of the shots were kicked almost directly at him, like *right into* his hands. if i were handing out awards it would be for the overall us defense which made sure nearly every shot on goal was directly at howard.
the players were asked how they eat strawberries; the fact it’s a breakfast wimbledon tradition has no bearing on how they eat their food all the time. what made it funny was murray with his straight to the point monotone attitude answering a silly question with a serious answer like “with my fingers... duhhhh”  
the best game of the world cup.  best 0-0 in normal time.  usa we're so unlucky!  if they'd had 2 more minutes at the end of extra time they would have scored to take it to penalties.  i was supporting the yanks.
something something teeth
go out and buy some high quality strawberries and eat them with cream right now. make sure the berries are cut in half, or use your spoon to do so while eating. prepare to orgasm. then drink the remaining cream. orgasm again.
edit: i missed a "cream your pants" joke.
and that is why you got to love murray. he aint wrong, he is just "not stylish".
despite his dour demeanour, murray is a really funny guy. 
meat and strawberry?? how does he play tennis without fingers?  
i've never heard it just called cream before. i'm american. i'm guessing because you called me dingus that you're retarded.
ayt
[video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiv4nlqkogm)
im going to come back to this when he loses.
he'll be 37 in 2022. that's not old at all for keepers. even at 39 tim could still start in 2018 if he wanted to. 
i doubt she was being racist but she should stop addressing tables as "boys."  "guys" is a much better casual option. boys can come off as demeaning or at least out of place (like if its a young girl talking to older men). people get offended by stupid shit. some women get offended if you address a group including women as "you guys." this is the assinie bullshit you have to learn to deal with while in the service industry. 
this isn't an excuse for not tipping though. if sapp wants to be treated an respected as a man he should act like one. a grown man should have no problem saying "hey, 'serversname', we don't really like being called boys, do you mind using a different phrase?" rather than writing a snide note on his check and stiffing the girl after taking up a table in her section for a few hours. 
just my $.02 as a bartender.
til the usa call studs "cleats"
andy murray: professional troll.
was hoping for a lius saurez joke.... but still funny.
1 - 2 - 1. go team!
i didn't know and still don't know if they mean ice cream,  whipped cream or that other stuff that is like milk. 
stop pretending that you knew that.  you clearly didn't.  why would anyone ask the question you just did if he or she knew the answer?
when he does something bad, hes scottish, when hes achieved something, hes british
agree w/ you on everything, i can imagine in a rush like i'm sure they had for the world cup that saying "hey boys" didn't even cross her mind. it's sapp could have defused the situationionally w/ some humor maybe "i don't see any boys at this table" ... he just took the wrong route and let it stew. 
/u/my-new-account1 this is what im talking about
you're from the us and you thought "cream" referred to sour cream? please tell me you're just one of the people from the american continents that refers to themselves as "american" just to piss off the us
have you?  i don't think you know how to use them...
my grandma loves to watch tennis
explaining a joke is like disecting a frog: you find out how it works but kill it in the process. 
in other words, landon still has the same douche personality inside of him that he had over 10 years ago.
*scot
strawberries and cream are a big part of the food of wimbledon, and not whipped cream more a thick gooey cream.
i wouldn't exactly call that unloading. more like, had some choice words. 
correct
naked
not everyone watches tennis, though. that's like getting upset when someone doesn't know james varga and your only argument is that he's famous to the people who follow him.
for tennis players, sure. lots of people who watch tennis know them. 
i didn't
can you explain this joke to me?
your question was not one of those.
last i checked, the usa is pretty darn good at the goalie position. 
don't mention that place, we are bound to get threads with horrific comments sections if there's a til
i'm not sure on the exact prep as i'm not trained, and have never made strawberries and cream like this. but, i have had the opportunity to try it multiple times. if i had to guess, primarily heavy whipping cream with a bit of sugar whipped shortly, but vigorously, poured over the fruit or into a bowl. other variations call for full on whipped cream, but i believe at wimbledon it is a liquid cream.
http://www.eurweb.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/lebron-james-david-beckham.jpg
look at the difference.  it's barely the same species. 
this turned out to be untrue.
http://m.bleacherreport.com/articles/2118017-islam-slimani-algeria-will-donate-their-world-cup-prize-money-to-gaza?is_shared=true
he lost
scotland is part of great britain. so he's both.
thank you robert muchamore for teaching me about strawberries and cream when i was reading your cherub series.
i love to watch your grandma.
with salty tears.
keeping mexicans out of the u.s. is not good for u.s. soccer, hombre.
canada. ill have my strawberries with maple syrup!
til andy murray has the ability to regrow fingers. 
i'm an american and i've heard the term "strawberries and cream" a million times before...
plain cream is whipped cream before it's been whipped..
i think you mean scot. one t. 
also, scotland is a part of britain, making him british. 
there are tons of sports. do you really expect every single person on this subreddit to know how strawberries and cream relate to a tennis event?
actually, no, single or double cream usually.
the question is stupid and english is annoying.
how do your eat your strawberries ? technically the answer is with his hands
what do you eat them with ? (expecting 'cream') could be answered with "my mouth"
"what do you have your strawberries with ?" would'v worked better.
i agree that it is an offensive term, but in this context i don't think it was intended to be so. i also am not clear on whether the term "boy" maintains its offensiveness when pluralized. 
is "hey boys" on the same level of offensive as "hey boy"?
to me it seems that it is not, but i actually don't know?  
where is waldo?
he's such an unlikeable prick. this is from the man who took a sabbatical during qualifying to find himself. 
negative, he is the only one who reasonably answers the question.
http://i.imgur.com/nir1kmh.gif
asking the right questions.
they asked how, not "what do you eat strawberries with?"
i am a native english speaker and live in the place that produces the most strawberries in the world and if someone asked me this question i would not understand what they were asking. i wouldn't even think to say what i eat my strawberries with if probably respond like andy murray. 
is this the normal way to ask this question in the uk? in america it would be more like "what do you eat with your strawberries?" 
do you think this was an intentional anti-joke?
fun fact strawberries aren't actually berries. they're pseudofruits. 
how embarrassing. he's deleted his comment because he didn't want people to think he didn't know that they eat strawberries at wimbledon. oh the shame!!!
well, where are you from?
edit: i've seen that you're from orlando but live in new york. i would suggest supporting either orlando city or nycfc. neither team is in the league yet, so in the mean time you should just watch a load of games in both the mls and bpl to get a feel for it. club football is different from the world cup for sure.
american living in germany here. non americans can be so wired sometimes by being rude assholes.
 
and raonic made the semi yesterday. if two canadians win wimbledon, i'll be ecstatic.
and a link:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiv4nlqkogm
have fun with that.
why was this guy only charged with assault and not 2nd degree murder?
his answer is the only one that suffices.
wow
when i was younger i used to get a rash up my whole face whenever i would eat strawberries.. thank god i grew out of that.
[for those who want to know what a pseudofruit is](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accessory_fruit) but are too lazy to look it up.
thanks man. 
man those books were the fucking bomb when i was growing up!
it's ok, tennis is like golf we all pretend it's a sport.
title fixed.... "tim howard along with every other player in the world cup, got drug tested at the normal time he was supposed to, just like everyone else.
humour*
:)
"i don't always eat strawberries, but when i do, i eat them with my fingers"
despite all of the answers that are presented to answer the question, andy is the only one that adequately explores and reaches a conclusion that appears to fit well with the problem.
it's a pun. there was a post on /r/funny the other day of a picture of this mug: http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/64/be/8b/64be8bb9a128cbf5caebdb2cad805bd6.jpg
i know that the correct phrase is 'for fuck's sake'.
definitely.
&gt; you have to. your worst nightmare is the united states as a football power. it seems inevitable that it going to happen though.
lol no
non-kinky cream, basically.
not at all, the interviewer worded his question poorly. andy answered correctly, which unfortunately makes him not look all to clever in this context. 
absolutely, he had an incredible game. we should have lost by 6. he was 100% the reason we had a chance to win.
were you eating them by rubbing them against your face?
i fucking agree, and have never met anyone else who read them. alex rider series, artemis fowl, lots of people read those, but never cherub. shame, i liked the series a lot and probably got through 7-8 before i grew out of em.
not at all. enjoy colorado...it's number 1 on my list of places to move to if i ever head west
not at all. enjoy colorado...it's number 1 on my list of places to move to if i ever head west
well he just lost, sooo hes now the ex champ as a new champ will be decided in a couple of days. 
i don't follow tennis but i guess he just lost in a tournament?
everyone is just trying to explain to you that you're wrong. speed and time are inversely related. when speed increases, the time it takes to do something decreases.
eh still the champ until someone else wins, just like spain is still the wc holder.
that sort of inexcusable ignorance can haunt you for life, my friend.  he was right to delete the comment before future employers and/or spouses could see it.
i thought they were wondering what process they took to consume the strawberries. i was gonna say i separate the leaves and eat everything else.
and pretty funny
i've worked in the service industry for my whole working life. i disagree that there is no excuse for not tipping. i am extremely polite to servers and service people because of my own experiences. when i go out to a restaurant i tip 20% if you are nice and do your job. i tip 15% if we have problems with the order. if you are rude and we have problems with the order, then i'll blow you up and you can forget about a tip. shoot, i tip on to go orders because i realize how important tips are. 
warren sapp said the server was very rude to them, etc. he met the story head on. i have no reason to believe he's a liar.
the point is if you're outright rude to me, which you must admit we have all experienced, then i'm not going to give you extra money because i'm obliged.
yeah i had no clue. i just thought it was one of those questions asked in those "what's your favorite yada yada" segments
yeah man, you never hear them mentioned like you do the alex rider books. i never liked other spy books that much, but i really liked the characters in cherub. still got the em sitting in my room at 19 years old. fancy a nostalgic re-read now :)
so he is still the champ for the next few days?
they can't continue to grab top stars, they will likely fill the gaps with less known players who've been scouted from elsewhere in the mls, the nasl or from south america. nyfc is also owned partly by man city so those guys will probably send players out on loan.
i'm familiar with club football. i watch epl, la liga, bundesliga, etc. and i think i will wait until nycfc and orlando city join mls next season. 
paul harvey.
defending wimbledon champion (the most prestigious grand slam tournament) and he lost in the quarter finals. he was looking great before that match.
you don't need to go to games. they are becoming easier and easier to catch on tv every year and that leads to a great source of income for the mls.
how does he look now? still handsome?
yes, and meringue is clearly the same as egg white?
exactly. just because this a subreddit meant for sports, doesn't mean that we should know everything about every sport. you don't get upset when someone in a mixed maths class doesn't know advanced calculus.
&gt;"what do you have your strawberries with ?" would'v worked better.
as an american that sentence seems extremely awkward
one game? i'm guessing you are not much of a soccer fan
lithium sodium
strawpseudofruit just doesn't have the same ring to it.
andy murray has a slight daniel tosh thing going on. 
its kind of a promo reel for wimbledon where they historically eat strawberries and cream.
anytime.
petra will be tough - she's been here before, after all - but genie is in with a chance.
its like the horse shaped duck question for tennis players
i'm not a native english speaker and thought to myself "what a stupid question, you eat strawberries with your fingers, how else would you eat them?" but yeah, with cream makes more sense.    
if you're fancy, eat your strawberries with vanilla ice cream, it's delicious     
edit: what's wrong with the word fancy? i'm not a native speaker, am i right in assuming that it's mostly used in an ironic way?
vanilla cream if you will
&gt; now's he the ex-champion.
&gt; the next champion will be decided.
make up your mind!
club football is an entirely different beast to the world cup. i folow 3 different teams in 3 different leagues and two different nations but i still get all giddy and excited once the world cup or euros come round. i believe you guys are hosting the copa america in 2016 actually.
[**@dustinfox37**](https://twitter.com/dustinfox37):
&gt;[2014-07-03 16:20:18 utc](https://twitter.com/dustinfox37/status/484733379917910017)
&gt;marketing fail by the [#whitesox](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23whitesox).. the white ponchos is probably not the best look. [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/broecmtiiaeoztw.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/fvj7ogb.jpg)
----
[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/29r2rb%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)
you just made my day a lot better 
strangely he supplied the same answer when asked "what do eat with your strawberries?"
actually laughed out loud at that.
thanks for the input, person-who-has-clearly-never-played-tennis!
who gives a shit? that's his prerogative. i'm sure he doesn't do it all the time.
look, just because i can't think of another example of something that changes consistency and flavour when you process it doesn't mean they aren't different things.
i guess steak vs mince? you wouldn't put a steak in your pie, you would put mince in there. 
whipped cream and cream might be the same thing, but there is still a significant difference. you can't put cream on top of a drink as decoration for example.
he has never been handsome.
last pic is not bouchard.  is it kournikova? 
thanks fir the post.  i had not heard of her.  
weed's legal out yonder...
the same kind of cream that only wants the missionary position.
da da da da da da da da da da daaaaaa, da da da da da da da da da da daaaaaaaaa!
that's how you role with the limerick rhyme
i don't understand why this is getting so much coverage. it was a normal random test, and he only mentioned it to explain why he was late in getting out to talk to the media.
i think his response was the logical.
ahhhhh, i get it now....  i was all like "strawberries and cream..?  i'd rather just have strawberries!, maybe even jam, why all the cream?"  
okay smart-ass, no reason to get your panties in a twist.
pre-roids - bonds hit .291 (ignoring years where he was injured)
post-roids - bonds hit .321 (again ignoring years where he was injured)
those are the "stats" as you so nicely put it. the real stats, not "hurr durr i compared his best year ever to his career average." bonds became a better hitter when he took steroids, of that there's no doubt, but he didn't become a 70 point per year better hitter. 
that was his first home start - he came out dancing to the dougie. the best quote was one of the announcers: once he gets over his shyness, he's going to be something else.
she's absolutely terrible. but i can understand her point of view.
how's about "with what do you eat your strawberries"....? "what do you eat your strawberries in"..?  "what goes well with your strawberries"  
what kind of cream are we talking about? whipped?
i like the world cup not because of soccer but because it allows me to get cheeky with europeans, south americans and the token african. 
they're gonna go walking around after the game, and get shot at.
upvote for "fartolo". makes me think someone should edit in fart sound effects into a compilation of his at-bats a la fartzenegger https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j3jw2xdszq
actually it is. at a certain point it will definitely be a handicap and will be nearly impossible to correct. he will be overlooked because fundamentally he is not sound. he cannot rely on his height and early-bloom athleticism forever.
with his eyes.
but he sure can backhand some. i hate myself.
i'be stopped listening to the majority of english and american tennis fans when it comes to andy murray. you will never find a larger bunch of deluded, bitter morons in professional sports fandoms.
definitely not an athlete, but closer than racing i suppose
well ask a stupid question! what did they expect? 
that would be amazing. thank you for appreciating the joke.
you get me. :)
i read all of those! i just turned 21 and re-read the artemis fowl series a few month ago...
it's basically if full fat milk was worse for you... it's great with strawberries :p
yea, if he is then i am a pro with ice cream.
world class doritos man right here
yeah the english fans weren't happy he got beat after the match think that's him scottish again 
i dont like to become bad friend
eugenieeeee!!!!!
millooooossss!!!!
this is all too exciting.
and just days after canada day.
looks neither clever nor unclever to me. isn't this how most people eat their strawberries? is it some british thing to eat them 'with cream'?
humour* 
darn, hate getting caught. nice one haha
i don't think it's exclusively a british thing, but it a common occurrence here, especially around wimbledon, as served traditionally with cream. 
though i don't like strawberries, so there's that.
that sounds gross.  i was thinking whipped cream.
he got it wrong too. every food is eaten with mouth. you just put it in the mouth with fingers.
woosh!
&gt; wimbledon traditions include a strict dress code for competitors, the eating of strawberries and cream by the spectators, and royal patronage. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_championships,_wimbledon
i've heard of strawberries with whipped cream, but the pictures i'm seeing are just like... cream.
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/87/flickr_-_carine06_-_tea_time.jpg/640px-flickr_-_carine06_-_tea_time.jpg
heheh http://pbfcomics.com/99/
almost as funny as /u/ventose getting all butthurt over someone being "snotty."
&gt; if you're fancy, eat your strawberries with vanilla ice cream, it's delicious
that was the perfect way to imply that you yourself are fancy. bravo.
his special eyes, to be more precise.
because this is the third time in a row he has done it. each time he does it, he plays it down shrugs it off and makes like it's no big deal. he has already been suspended twice for it, and those were wrist slaps. he has no reason to believe that they would actually punish him for it.
so, he gets to use this incredibly intimidating tactic on anyone, while potentially injuring those people, knowing that no one will do anything about it.
this is about the next person in some sports league who thinks he can injure people just for the psychological impact it will have on their opponent.
a tombstone?
i don't think it's witty; i'm pretty sure this is how most people would have answered.
edit: never mind, strawberries and cream is a wimbledon tradition so he was expected to say "wig cream".
*what didn't he know about strawberries? at wimbleduh?! i oughta murder him i oughta!*
 baseball: hot dogs or crackerjacks
 
 (american) football: chicken wings
 
 hockey: beer
 
 tennis: strawberries and cream
tennis is like the sport that is secure in its masculinity.
------
edit: changed american football's unofficially official food from steaks to chicken wings because people are getting hella technical over my dumb joke
are pseudo- and meta- or quasi-fruits at all similar? do these things exist?
is chef boyardee pseudo-pasta? is flavored tofu quasi-meat? 
i'd still say fingers "i eat my strawberries with my fingers, not a fork"
the foreign money exchange business is without doubt one of the most unpredictable, liquid and risky enterprise industries ever working worldwide. it accommodates to roughly 1.5 trillion u.s. dollars value of transactions and it becomes an opportunity for banks, giant firms, business firms of all dimension and even particular person buyers to realize revenue via forex.
yes - the best way
what kind of name is lithium sodium?
i'm not saying i can't kick it to some ya novels now and then, but there just other things to be reading over them so i don't generally set out to read them.
yes i'm very fancy, thank you for noticing :d    
seriously, if you happen to have vanilla ice cream and strawberries at the same time, eat them together. very tasty and you'll suddenly develop an acquired taste for merlot and gruyère
he had a bit of a forrest gump sound to him
have you heard anyone talking about any other match other than the usa v. belgium? and i mean any other us other match? 
i know there has been other games, i have watched them and couldn't see any difference on the us game strategy at all between them. always defending, never attacking. i mean, howard did a fantastic job, but in the actual field, it was like playing an extremely frustrating game of find the 7 differences. watch them again and then please tell me i'm wrong.
this kid is going to be a beast in the ring when he grows up. already looking like a future welterweight champ!
meta and quasi fruits sadly do not exist. i wish meta fruits were real though.  chef boyardee is technically pasta. tofu is an insult to meat. but yes it is a pseudomeat when served as something like tofurkey
exactly my response.
as is tradition.
losing i'm the quarter finals seems pretty good though right?
don't most people eat their strawberries with dairy cream? wig cream just doesn't seem like it would offer the same tasty experience.
i think we have another sean connery in the making! haha
i looked it up on urban dictionary. your explanation seems more likely. 
wait till the first pitcher gets 3 strikeouts
you eat shit with strawberries?!
&gt;how else would you eat them?
i use a fork to eat sugared strawberries with cream, so i don't get that shit all over my fingers. but if it's just strawberries, just fingers will do. you could also use a spoon. so many possibilities!
&gt;the male, non-canadian non-tennis fans of reddit
ftfy
like coffee creamer? or as in heavy cream for baking? oh wait! like whipped cream?
yeah, i mean, i knew they were competing to be the second-highest league for awhile.  if that's been settled, though...
not when during the tournament you're the defending champion and english 
http://youtu.be/qzsy4rfnnbs
with cream?  what does that even mean (american here)?
he reminds me of [this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzlxp-9_gja)
i enjoy reading a lot and wish i has more to read - i find it very difficult to get into books despite liking reading so much. i need to find an author i like and then just smash through every book, which is why i end up revisiting books series quite often.
i remember getting into matthew reilly and reading every book of his in about 2 weeks....
not changing it.
you have been banned from /r/murica 
kentucky derby: mint juleps
&gt;howard did a fantastic job
and that is what this is all about. i was not thrilled with the usa's performance, though they did well to make it out of the group. but besides what you quoted, none of what you posted was relevant to the topic, which is honoring tim howard.
in no way is finding a way to honor howard "based on one game". he has been phenomenal this world cup, last world cup, and countless other times in between (and before). the game against belgium was his 105th cap for the team. if anyone on the term deserves to have something named after him, it's tim howard 
would you say that you're *so fancy?*
i think i already know.
[this should explain things nicely](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxapsz70edk&amp;t=4m0s)
predicting world cup 2030 to be the year team usa makes it to the finals. 
he's scottish...
~35-38% fat cream is perfect
whipping cream / heavy cream
san diego state had filed a patent on it in 2008 from what i understand. also used by utah state and the navy, so very much a college incipience.
more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sdsu_show
spoken like a true redditor.
still good, but the way the seeding works out he should have reached the semis. i think this is the first time he hasn't reached the final four in at least 4 years.
he hasn't lost a single set all tournament and then lost 3 sets in a row to get knocked out.
usl still doesn't like being third.  and especially with the oklahoma city situation (both leagues trying to start up teams), i'm not exactly sure things have cooled off.
not during the tournament 
chopsticks would be another alternative. though i don't care about getting some sugar on my hands anyway, i'll eat them with my fingers
he's not english during the tournament either, or ever for that matter. he's scottish, representing the united kingdom.
coffee creamer!!!!!!!!!!!!!! is that a joke you would sprinkle coffee creamer on fruit and eat it where the hell are you from.
blueberries and cream go together, strawberries and sugar go together. this whole tennis thing is just fucked.
kentucky hot browns
i admire your willingness to stand by your mistakes, /u/thewigcreambromance
this. i don't think 39 is too old to have one last go as a keeper, especially given howard's history if he stays reasonably safe from injury till then. he may just have decided to go gracefully.
a friend of mine was actually in the same reffing class as this man
my brand!
it's really only a wimbledon thing in the tennis world.
try adding a drop of bourbon to the cream/ice cream and just a pinch of brown sugar, oh boy is it ever good.
i couldn't agree more - i was working on a presentation regarding college life in 2011, and stumbled upon this exact video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knte0i1h5eu
the "i believe" chant is **not** driven by espn/non-basketball sports, but instead by universities such as sdsu (san diego state university)
there is the running joke that he is british while he stays in the tournament and scottish when he gets knocked out, but no one is stupid enough to call him english. that doesn't make any sense.
due to ama regulations, since the needles hit the floor, he has to use a new one too... so wasteful!  tim howard is causing our medical costs to go up!
strawberries are perfect on their own.
it would sound like a normal way to ask the question if you were used to eating strawberries prepared in various ways. 
compare: "how do you eat your eggs?" or "how do you want your steak?"
we ask the question the same way in the us. we just don't have two common ways to prepare strawberries. 
(fwiw when i was a kid i would eat them with sugar. it just sticks to them. it was amazing.)
he uses shit to eat strawberries.
as someone who has witness this chant at utah state i can say it is truly amazing. the entire atmosphere of the arena changes and will definitely get your blood pumping!
no, with his fingers.
please tell me what's the matter with that word, i'm not a native speaker and i feel like i misused it
now that's fancy! or is it not?
neat!
first degree murder does. second degree does not. depends on the state though.
i never really thought much about soccer before this years world cup, but i am all in, i've watched most of the games and i really am into it.  now i want to watch a live event, so i plan on going to see the san antonio scorpions play monterrey this sunday... which confuses me because monterrey doesn't seem to be in the league that the scorpions are in so i don't know why they are playing each other.... but nonetheless, i will be there.
the fork itself doesn't complete the action of forking the strawberry and direct it to your mouth. still need the fingers. also, -*jedi hand wave*- there is no spoon. 
strawberries with cream on them. how is that not obvious?
he looks like a goat man
lol why?
whipped cream is a disgrace, and shouldn't be allowed within 100 miles of wimbledon.
the national food for football is chicken wings. the game was designed so you can eat one wing between each play.
quite fancy indeed and most importantly; tasty! 
thats the fuckin truth right there, but man cut a strawberry in half and dip it in sugar. or lick it and stick it in sugar. or bite it in half and jam your finger in its hole, get it reaaaallll loose, and just pour some sugar on that trembling kneed badboy.
in this edition of epistemology with /r/sports...
i don't think it's a phrase i've heard much in the uk, but then again i'm not really into food. it's just fuel to me.
andy murray, you never let us down. every year, you drone away into a more boring crevice of your tennis patch. i met him in person at his hometown, celebrating last years wimbledon win. the man isn't witty. he's a robot
he eats shit with his fingers?
you must not have gotten the memo... fat is legit again.
is that really a thing or are you making it up? because i don't know enough about the south to know for sure.
&gt; strawberries are perfect on their own
with a dusting of coarse ground black pepper. no, seriously.
link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiv4nlqkogm
well he's back to being scottish now
it's real. it's basically a open face turkey sandwich with gravy on it. 
derby pie brah
well i did say when i was younger...
or just hold it by the green thing, bite off the red part, and rinse and repeat. 
thought they called it 'clotted' cream over there and it's quite a sensation.
hilarious.  although i was hoping for a reaction from someone who knew that donovan wasn't even on the team.
i hope she poses for playboy
and now i'm hungry
unbelievable what that man went  through.  everyone should read the book, "unbroken"
you can almost hear the "u wot m8?" in his voice.
see! see with your special eyes!
what kind of cream?  ice cream?  whipped cream?  (have never seen anyone eat strawberries with any sort of cream or cream like substance).
&gt; dc national airport is named after the president that fired every single air traffic controller 
it would certainly be *more* ironic if he got a labor union named after him.  the reagan air-traffic controller's organization or "ratco." 
reagan really screwed [patco](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/professional_air_traffic_controllers_organization_%281968%29) and started a downward spiral for labor unions in this country.  [see dailykos.](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2012/07/09/1107835/-remembering-reagan-s-sweet-little-lie-to-the-air-traffic-controllers)  he may have helped the airline industry with his burial of patco--but he definitely didn't make it safer.
edit:  arguably helped*
you used it correctly. you are correct that fancy is often used ironically a lot now though, because being "fancy" is not trendy anymore. americans think of pompous and unnecessary things when we think "fancy".
i don't think he did it on purpose, as a british person i didn't understand the question either, i would have answered the same way. 
with my fingers was my response too when i read the title :/
i thought you were /u/imtheprofessor :d
my bwaaaaand!
with balsamic vinegar
r/dadjokes
you can rinse it, but that's gonna be hard to repeat if you've already bitten off the red part.
i'm sure there were a few brits who still laughed at murrays answer...
what about those who want to know what it is but also are too lazy to click a link? 
my friends, a bowl, indigestion 
for a normal player, yes. a qf is a great result. for murray, coming off 4 straight sf or better showings, including two straight finals and as defending champion, it's a little disappointing.
give props to dimitrov for the win - he played magnificently.
how do you finger a girl? with my fists.
strawberries with cream is a wimbledon tradition, usually served with champagne on championship sunday.
murray was being a bit of a cheeky troll.
whipped cream is whipped, clotted cream is clotted: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clotted_cream
i find bourbon works so well with a variety of sweet treats.
salty tears of hollow pyramid shapes for maximum salty surface area efficiency
you're shit out of luck, sorry.
someone's never had a strawberry milkshake. cream and strawberry go perfect together.
blogs are not allowed per rule 2. please consider posting to /r/sportsblogs
*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fsports) if you have any questions or concerns.*
the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiv4nlqkogm
yea i was gonna say wings or burgers. who the hell eats steak before a football game i can think of many different foods you'd eat before steak
soup.
with a fork.
mighty wishful thinking and honestly the same false predictions we have been hearing for decades.  
  
but they did get one thing right. soccer in the us is growing due to the increased hispanic community. if not for their support you'd probably never see a soccer match (mls or premier) on tv ever. 
  
i read a while back nearly 40% of mls fans were hispanic despite the fact that this group only makes up a small percentage of the country (~15%)
weird...  i usually eat it with my mouth
no, whipped anc clotted cream are entirely different. clotted cream is glorious, whipped cream is cheap chemical crap that comes out of an aerosol can.
there is some room for improv here and there, but it is generally the result of a play either breaking down and trying to make something out of nothing, which is the most common case of it happening, but also generally not a good scenario, or else it can be the case of (usually) one of the "skill" position players, such as a running back or quarterback or wide receiver getting the ball and attempting to juke and avoid defenders trying to make something happen.  generally though, the rule of thumb is that on any given play every player has a role, and if they fail to execute their role effectively the entire play can break down for that players team.  that isn't to say that each player doesn't have to make reads and make judgement decisions during the action, however.  if you are playing as a middle inside linebacker, you will probably line up near the line of scrimmage (within about 5 yards), and your particular defensive play may call for you to immediately assess on the start of the play whether the other teams tight end is going to be crossing through the middle, in which case it may be your job to defend him, or see if the offense only sends a set number of receivers out, in which case you may be able to rush in and blitz the quarterback, or any number of other options.  its just that every player is responsible for not messing up their job, sometimes they have options other times they don't, but any mistake usually results in a failed play.
i think there has to be an honourable mention for jahangir khan, the squash player. although he only won the world open six times, he won 555 consecutive squash matches which is pretty fucking impressive.
we won't because nothing has changed and the best athletes in this country are still not playing soccer.
no one doubts we could dominate. we have countless athletes in the nfl with sub 4.4 40 yard dashes and &gt; 40 inch verticals. but they will never play soccer, because it is football first, basketball second here, and always will be.
but yeah, if it wasn't it would be over for the world. thiago silva can't stay in front of lebron james or calvin johnson. messi can't score on richard sherman, etc.
indeed.
http://i.imgur.com/usirf0j.gif
thats like saying "someones never eaten a hotdog before. pig asshole and cow lips go perfect together".
i can see that working. i'll give it a go when i next have strawberries in.
you haven't misused it, he was making a reference to the song fancy by iggy azalea which was pretty popular a couple weeks ago
makes sense as murray is the one of that lot from an english speaking country.
damn now i want a mint julep. 
i was talking about this with some friends of mine when the world cup started.  we came to the conclusion that lebron james would make an outstanding goalkeeper.  
yeah. i like where we are at as far as keepers. i would be thrilled if timmy gave it one more go, but if he decided to retire i know we will be in just as good of hands with brad. 
scots are pragmatists and realists. that's all there is to it really.
basically an open faced...no.  no, you do the deliciousness of the hot brown a disservice, let me explain this to you.
first, you take a thick slice of bread.
you put some bacon on that bread.
you put some turkey on that bread.
you put even more bacon on that bread.
cover that motherfucker with some mornay sauce
broil the shit out of it until it is hot and melty
put some sliced tomatoes on top
destroy that hot brown
gain 50 lbs eating only hot browns
with pooping back and forth forever and ever?
percy harvin would be a bad ass striker.  lebron would be an amazing keeper. adrian peterson would bulldoze the midfield while steve nash coordinated attacks from there. the possibilities are endless.
meeting him and sitting around for a few hours having some pints is a whole different thing. are you mad he didn't dance for you and show you his dink then?
this is the greatest thing i've seen all day.
this made it funny for me. i don't know anything about tennis.
let's be real, beer is key for all of these things
ap would get a foul called on him every single time he ran through someone.  steve nash is canadian...
meh it's probably like the us college system.  i would prefer the women's soccer team wins the national title but it not like i'm "supporting" them.
not if you actually whip heavy cream then it is glorious.
i've actually never tried with pepper but with balsamic is delicious. better if you reduce the balsamic to a glaze/syrup, unless you already have the expensive stuff. 
a tennis player would know though.
i don't get it.  i would have said with my fingers too.  what's the deal?
i've never actually eaten strawberries with cream. i eat them sliced fresh, or lightly dusted with sugar, over *ice* cream, under *whipped* cream, on cake, in cake, smoothie, shake, salad. but never with just... like... in a bowl of cream. out of curiosity, what's it like? what's the appeal?
oh my god, i need to try one
&gt;we won't because nothing has changed and the best athletes in this country are still not playing soccer.
the point is that things currently are changing for the better.
&gt;but they will never play soccer, because it is football first, basketball second here, and always will be.
that's quite close-minded of you to think like that. with the current health concerns surrounding football today, i think that maybe some parents will try to get their children to play other sports instead.
plus, all we need are a few amazing players. we made it to the top 16 and competed and almost got close to beating belgium, without altidore.
if we had just *2-3* more world-class players, we might have just made it through to the round of 8.
this is why you don't throw a balled up fist at someone's face over a game.
what a stupid post, you assume these athletes would be godly@football cos they are good at another sport that is entirely athletic based not talent-based. players such as messi, iniesta, t.silva &amp; lahm dominate football not because every other nation on the planet has no athletes, but because they are more talented than all the other athletes. your idea of a side would just be another ivory coast.
obviously he wouldn't play the same way. and isn't nash a citizen now? wouldn't that qualify him?
why the fuck would you add cream to something that is already delicious? 
that's what i would've said too
it would not translate. nba/nfl/nhl/mlb players do not have the stamina to sprint for 90 minutes straight and cover 10km a game. that would be like asking which 100m sprinter would be the best at a 10k run.
[you're probably thinking of this article.  hispanics make up 34% of fans.  next closest league is nba with 12%](http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/02/which-sports-have-the-whitest-richest-oldest-fans/283626/)
i'm not saying as a demographic that they haven't helped, but i think it's a bit silly to say mls and epl on tv never would have happened without them, especially since there don't seem to be noticeable attendance differences between cities that are more heavily hispanic (la) and others that are closer to the national average (portland or seattle)
i guess you're right. i just remembered the starburst commercial "berries and cream berries and cream i'm a little lad who loves berries and cream!"
strawberries are already sweet. who needs to dip that in sugar? this is madness!
in order to play for a national team you must be a citizen and have never appeared for the senior team of another nation.  however since he represents canada for basketball i would assume hed have done the same for soccer
is cream the same thing as yogurt? i never understood dairy products.
oh okay. didn't know that.
i don't get it. why do so many of them eat strawberries with cream?
&gt;your idea of a side would just be another ivory coast.
this shows how little you know. the athletes on ivory coast would all be considered extremely small and slow by nfl standards. same everywhere.
ronaldo, robben, etc. are fast by soccer standards, but not football standards. robben can't run with chris johnson, reggie bush, etc (and it isn't even remotely close). if those guys (or athletes that caliber) played then you would see the us team pressing forward ridiculously hard and when guys like robben or ronaldo countered on a break they would get run down in about 2 seconds and lose the ball.
now, that's not even factoring in what would happen on set pieces when you had 6'8 players with 40 inch verticals or how they'd win every header forever because they can literally get 2 feet + higher than anyone else in world football.
i tried strawberries and balsamic vinegar and i really didn't like it. i tried to like it but i just couldn't.
it's weird because i like a whole lot of fantastical foods... i don't really dislike eating any food.
except that was just... ugh. i can't see the appeal.
sorry :(
i would argue racing puts more of a physical stress that is more associated with being an athletic event than competitive eating.  having raced around a track in a fire suit and a helmet for an hour, it is pretty grueling and demanding really, but not near as demanding as say.....soccer or something where you are running non-stop etc. 
its cool not really a common rule to know
clotted cream is clotted, whipped cream is whipped and scushy cream scushes out of an aerosol can!
[mmmmmm, chips.](http://img.pandawhale.com/83411-i-understood-that-reference-gi-6jlf.gif)
its not kornikova
source: i was a teenager when kournikova was on the tour
it actually *shows* personality. he doesn't toe the bs media-friendly uber-fake line. that's what i like about him. he's just a regular dude who's reached the very pinnacle of an extremely competitive sport. i want to see more of this from sports stars. if you can't say something original, why bother boring us with your shitty half-assed interviews?
try pepper instead of sugar. you will thank me later. 
it's really not that good... i'd rather just drink a glass of cream while eating strawberries. them being together in the same bowl adds nothing. the only reason it's good at all is because individually the two ingredients are fantastic. put together they don't get any more fantastic, they just stagnate.
but, they would if they grew up playing it. . .
cream=yogurt 
almost certain.
and here i thought it was a clever dad-joke.
the soft cream that's often used on pie, or ''whipped cream''
there is a reason there are no famous soccer players who are 6'8.  it doesn't translate well to positions other than keepers.  what you're forgetting is that those "faster" runners probably couldn't keep it up for 90 min.
a horse *sized* duck. a horse shaped duck is just an ugly duck. 
wrong, it's whipped cream.
and cream does make strawberries even better. 
american football tailgates should only serve food you can eat with your hands! i've never heard of steaks at a tailgate, burgers and brats or nothing!
that's fine everyone doesn't have to like everything! just wanted to throw it out there for anyone who wouldn't think to try it. 
it does really depend on the vinegar too though &amp; if you reduce it to a thicker syrup balsamic is very sweet.  then just drizzle on top of the strawberries. reducing it will sometimes save shitty balsamic in general too. i really like balsamic vinegar but can't always get the good kinds. 
meta as fuck
calvin johnson would make a great keeper, so would lebron.  russell wilson/rg3/mike trout could play midfield.  give me kevin durant, percy harvin, antonio brown as strikers.  defenders could be patrick willis, richard sherman, paul george.
obviously football players would have to train and drop weight instead of coming in jacked up at 250 lbs.
my point is more that if soccer was all we played here and all our best athletes trained for it at an early age, we would field a dominate team.
let this kid: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=if7hrcf04dw
start training for soccer his whole life. i guarantee you he can run a lot faster and explode a lot quicker than messi or robben.
how would the question sound if the answer should be "with cream" ?
there is also a chance he didn't want 55 messages all stating the same exact thing. 
god bless kentucky.
if you like balsamic vinegar try this for a quick, fairly healthy, cheap and easy breakfast:
* get a cheap but nice loaf (i.e. 70p unsliced tiger bread or something).
* cut up a few slices.
* half some cherry tomatoes and put them on.
* drizzle with extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
* add a good twist of sea salt and black pepper to each slice.
* enjoy with a look of pure indulgence.
can confirm, love strawberries and whipped cream. sometimes i'm too lazy and just eat them plain, though.
using my teeth.
with a huge ugly ducky dick
oxnard?
do you use any other food products when eating strawberries?
i love that! i often make tomato, basil, mozzarella, &amp; balsamic salad, but your way on bread sounds delicious. i have tomatoes and basil growing in the garden so its extra delicious this time of year. thanks! 
uncouth american here as well.  as i was reading each response i was like "wtf, why are they saying with cream?  is that the joke?  is this dirty innuendo?" then i got to the last guy and was like "ok, there you go, this guy gets it," only to realize after that he was supposed to be the oddball.
well yeah makes sense half the games in brazil are during rain
that doesn't appear to be clotted cream though, unless it has melted in that hot english heat you always hear about...
ok, so, i don't really keep up with the hippity hop these days, but i *do* know that weird al has a parody song on his upcoming album (mandatory fun in stores july 15th, fyi) called "handy" and after googling it appears to be a spoof of a song by a british female pop artist titled "fancy".  people are messing with you as a reference to that song.
so sad!
or a beautiful duck, the fabled creature has not been seen in some time so all artist renderings may well be wrong. you don't know his horse shaped life dammit.
so he's scottish again. 
jesus, djokovic looks a bit like a pencil off the court.
so then it's like asking how good a great 100 m sprinter would be at a 10 k if they had grown up practicing for 10 ks.
i'm having trouble picturing a horse shaped duck 
"what do you take your strawberries with?" 
i'm just making this up. i have no clue
yep ahhahah
claiming that football isn't talent based?
peyton manning would like a word with you.
what do you like i eat with your strawberries?
espn didn't start it. navy football did. i guess you could say espn made it mainstream but we (the american outlaws) have been doing it for a few years now, at least. 
is that nigel mansell?
her choice. should that change him?
it really does. i would love to discover more recipies that use bourbon as an ingredient. time to head to r/food.
why the fuck would you ever just drink a glass of heavy cream? fruit in my yogurt? nah, i'll just drink a glass of this thick yogurt and eat the fruit separate so they don't stagnate. 
probably the same traditional answer everybody else, including him, always gives. 
in what way?
i don't get it. why would he eat his fingers with strawberries? wouldn't that totally ruin his tennis career?? how would he hold the racket?
it sounds far less sensual this way. 
why the fuck does this get a down vote ahhahah gr8
if you're canadian, add some maple syrup on top of that.
meta in 4 1/2 hours guys come on we can do better.
has strawberries really been far even as decided to use cream want to do look more like?
i immediately thought of [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t5e4cvwybe&amp;t=1m26s) after watching that clip (it answers the question, just not in the intended way).
i'm confused, because this sounds like the most delicious endeavor mankind has ever concieved. but the name sounds like a hobo shit in a parking lot on a summer day.
maybe it's a non-american thing?
actually i think he declared bankruptcy not too long ago and still has back child support.
i think he's just a bitter man whose taken it out on a waitress.
on top of what other people have said this was also his first loss in a major to someone outside the top 10 in 4 years. of all the guys at the top, he has been one of the most consistent at making it deep.
it's pretty obvious from both the odd question, and the fact that all the other players give the same response, that this has to be some kind of wimbledon or tennis idiom.
what the everliving fuck don't you understand about cream with fresh strawberry juice in it?
tailgaters
how does your mom take my penis in her mouth?
i think you're wasting lebron's ability as a passer, as well as his ability to make quick bursting runs. i watched him play football in high school and he was like a man amongst boys with his speed off the line and leaping ability.  i could see him as a right back.
"and that's all i have to say about that"
huh what? i'm not mad about his absence of personality. anyway he can't drink. he is a robot
but, we're not just talking about speed and stamina. we're talking about physical ability and strength and vision. there are plenty of freak athletes in the nfl and nba who - if brought up in the sport - could have done quite well based on their athleticism alone. picture a team full of vincent kompany-type players.
what about the schnozzberry? surely that's not a pseudofruit as well?!
my momma always said, "life was like a box of strawberries. you always use your fingers"
steve nash would be one big midfielder.  
or anywhere in the southern hemisphere
i don't like mixing things that much. people call me weird, i eat most of my food separate. also, if you've never drank a glass of heavy cream try it. you're in for a treat. it's very unhealthy probably but god is cream delicious.
the most athletic team in the our group was ghana.  they finished last.  i urge americans to watch more soccer so they can understand its very different from our sports.  
we're talking about a lot of stuff that's simply way too speculative.  and frankly, it's arrogant to say that since we have some "freak" athletes in some sports, we'd easily have a "freak" athlete like messi or ronaldo.
so keep in mind you're the anomaly. 
you do realize there's *actual* whipped cream that you make using heavy cream and a whisk, right? 
she hasn't dropped a set all tournament.
we're from the same hometown. we're practically married.
classic tim
[here's a nice photo of her](http://i.imgur.com/gekd2m8.jpg) i posted to /r/fitandnatural a few weeks ago.
there sort of used to be a system like that in the us. there were multiple  pittsburgh pirates (baseball/hockey), new york giants (football/baseball), philadelphia quakers (hockey/football).
you can't just say those things to me! think of my feelings you racist!
i agree with your sentiment towards us soccer in general.  and i'm very patient.  i've been an avid soccer fan/player/coach since 1971 when i first laced up my cleats at the local ymca.  regarding bradley: even if i concede that the assist to green was great... it doesn't make up for his weak play during the rest of the game.
you know how when you put salt on something kinda already salty/greasy suddenly the flavor is magnified? same deal here. it is amazing, and this is coming from a guy who doesnt even like sugarry things (i cant remember the last time i ate ice cream, or cake, or anything of the like).
i didn't want to upstage him with the number of discussion points :)
dude he has like zero personality, except when he whines on court. 
i'm even older than that! bradley is an average player and i believe in another 10-15 years us soccer will be producing far better players regularly. 
it's apparent you've never even watched a minute of tennis. 
that's probably what i would've said lol. 
fucking hell mate, it takes a lot to be as technically and mentally good as kompany. you couldn't just grab some athletic kids, have them play a lot of football and then think they'd be great, it really, really wouldn't work.
well, it's not the players fault they're being asked those questions and they don't have fast enough wit to answer with originality, or they don't even bother, because they're being asked something stupid every few minutes. i would think it's more about that 2nd point. 
espn actually did a piece on its origins that they played a few times in the hour of coverage before the game tuesday. apparently it was written by a jv cheerleader at navy who gave it to his buddy who was on the varsity. they did it in the 4th quarter against army for the first time and it took off from there.
here it is:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc0zutovcfu
for the ones who have seen the video, notice that andy murray answers it exactly as forrest gump would have done?
ok, brazil is a country the size (both landmass and population) that is similar to the united states. except football is the only sport they play, and the produce a ton of talented players like david luiz or neymar. how would you answer a speculative question like if neymar played in the nfl which position would he play? do you see how stupid this line of thinking is?
obviously skill is more important than athleticism. but, make neymar or messi a little faster and they would be even better. make them bigger and stronger and they'd be a little better.
somewhere in america there is an athlete far superior to either of them capable of developing that skill level (or close to it) and surpassing them. however, he will most likely end up as a point guard or a cornerback or safety.
i would
bless you
implying you can't eat a steak with your hands.
what if messi grew up playing basketball with the best coaches and facilities possible.  do you think he would dominate the nba?  
no man, what you are failing to realise is exactly how good messi is.  [he is impossible](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/lionel-messi-is-impossible/)
i don't get it, anyone mind explaining?
yogurt is thick cream
cream is liquid, whipped cream (at least those i've seen) aren't as liquidated. 
100x better
this just made everything ten times more complicated :d    
thanks anyway (i'm not gonna ask who weird al is or else people will think i live behind the moon...)
he's great, but obviously not "impossble"
gerd muller was better than him. pele probably also was.
take messi off of barcelona and see how he does.
just like most team sports then
same, i've got them all sat on the shelf looking at me. i haven't read them in about a year. will have to go through them all for about the 10th time, they're just so good.
it really isn't the same without kobayashi, they might as well just call it "how many hot dogs can joey chestnut eat in 10 minutes."
what do i do with this information about the strawberry eating habits of top tier tennis players?
schnozzberries are technically non-fruits due to their imaginary nature. a schnozzberry is also slang for a penis as evident in the book my uncle oswald. 
with sugar. mmmmmm
of course your mom would say that
they left off lance as 5 time winner.
mixed feelings about that.
did you even look at any of those stats and his domination in most of them?  you're point is some of the best players of all time are at a similar or possibly better level than he is?
you don't need a table, chair, fancy plate, and a bottle of wine to enjoy a steak. believe it or not, a lot of people like to eat steak and not be fancy or formal about it.
everyone answered it correctly. 'with cream' is part of the larger statement "i eat my strawberries with cream." technically speaking it's correct. it isn't how i would answer, but it's correct. 
oh yes ♡ when she poops, i'll open my mouth and it'll be like an ice cream treat swirling into my mouth ♡
or just a pinch of salt.
they went on strike to get their money so i guessed they wouldn't do such thing 
i hadn't noticed this until a friend pointed it out. listen to him in post match interviews, he never congratulates the other player, it's always 
'i wish i could've done better'. 
'i can play better than that'
etc, pretty dickish
care to explain the reference?
it's called soccer because there was rugby football and association football in england. to differentiate between the two, people refered to them as rugger and soccer. therefore soccer is, in fact, an acceptable term invented by the english to refer to the sport. 
thanks, that is pretty much exactly what i meant. 
with what...
it seems inconsequential.
lmao, i need that today.
none of those players are american
british tradition at wimbledon 
extra thick and fatty milk. 
he's the defending champ and also known as a moderate basket case. he was a top competitor for a long time without winning a major competition. wimbledon is a british tournament for a sport britain invented yet hadn't produced a champion in decades. the pressure on him was immense.
it's pouring cream usually not whipped
but he's a miserable scottish loser. 
10 years ago maybe.....maybe
my answer: with a fork. 
that differs for each country i guess. whipped cream is more popular with strawberries in the netherlands. 
i'm damn sure it still tastes nice either way! 
cream = cream. 
we use the same racquet.  we're practically married (collectively along with half of all male tennis players).
i used to like this dude but the more he talks the more he sounds like a salty ex-girlfriend 
thank you.
or it could have been an edited quote.
blogs are not allowed per rule 2. please consider posting to /r/sportsblogs
*[i am a bot](/r/automoderator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fsports) if you have any questions or concerns.*
boom. roasted.
back boarderz take 5! now with more intense.
[take 5](http://youtu.be/ahzrlrpx710)
and yet have you seen his wife? always clapping prettily from the stands
thats why you lost murray, no cream!
darude sandstorm? 
he's shit.
from where i am from, it would never occur to me to have strawberries with cream!
[shamelessly stolen from imgur comments](http://i.imgur.com/nvpjwwk.jpg)
yes it is
no room for dad jokes here, huh.. that's an awesome gif though, thanks! was that movie as good as it looked? 
i thought this was a tradition everywhere. til
*reigning.
mit den fingern!
nah he does have a personality but he doesn't tend to reveal much of it to the public - it isn't helped by the fact that his voice is rather monotonal.
if you watch some of the documentaries which the bbc have done on him in the last few years i think you'll change your opinion.
this is going to be my go to gif the next time someone mentions fucking their gf on her period. 
[**@dmitrijjaskin**](https://twitter.com/dmitrijjaskin):
&gt;[2014-07-01 18:23:42 utc](https://twitter.com/dmitrijjaskin/status/484039660759302144)
&gt;welcome home [@paulywalnuts26](https://twitter.com/paulywalnuts26) #26 is yours. [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/brengxzccaebux7.jpg) [^[imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/v7mhpty.jpg)
----
[^[mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=http://reddit.com/29s1sh%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion)
[^[faq]](http://np.reddit.com/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/)
[^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter)
[^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)
pretty sure even bargain bin off-brand hotdogs don't contain cow lips.
hmm, you'd think at least one tennis pro would eat them like how i like to eat them, out of my girlfriend's vagina.
let's assume it's not a filet steak.
well, not with that attitude he can't.
watermelon with a little salt and pepper is pretty amazing.
or try dipping them in sour cream and then brown sugar.
brb driving south
it still doesn't help that he whines all the time on court, which is really annoying and childish. it's why i didn't like andy roddick either. 
the southern states have their problems, but nothing matches their ability for delicious and unhealthy. it's frankly impressive.
&gt; *"i don't get it"*
and you probably never will.
["he was the better player from start to finish" murray said of dimitrov](http://www.theguardian.com/sport/2014/jul/02/andy-murray-wimbledon-grigor-dimitrov)
no... it's because he's a scot and therefore a calvinist peasant. finger using vassal! 
exactly! you need the other hand to carry around your solo cup of beer!
"how do you take your strawberries?" ?
he's actually very witty and humorous. i watched an hour documentary on him and he's pretty on the ball (haha!!!) and is always cracking jokes with his team.
i just think his style doesn't lend itself too well to media work.
4 out of 5 tennis pros recommend cream to "serve" up fresh strawberres!
&gt; as a british person i didn't understand the question either
it's because strawberries and cream is a well known snack served at wimbledon during the championships.
a fact that most people are familiar with but don't give a shit about.
yeah i enjoy nothing less than eating out of your girlfriend's vagina.
exactly, us canucks have been making moose calls at this girl for almost a year now!
wimbledon strawberries and cream suck.
i mean the strawberries are ok, they're not the best ever but they're pretty generic british strawberries. 
but the cream, my god the cream. you might as well call it strawberries and milk. 
i love wimbledon, i love the atmosphere and i love just walking around, but i don't get the strawberry hype.
he's a pro athlete. its a sign of professionalism to not care about how your opponent does, because you can't change that. you're supposed to focus on your own performance and what you could do better.
about that ... [lance armstrong stripped of tour de france wins, banned for life](http://news.blogs.cnn.com/2012/10/22/cycling-body-to-rule-on-lance-armstrongs-tour-de-france-wins/) 
whoops. this is why when my stoner friends ask me "won't it be great if weed were legal?" i reply with "i guess..." since there's no "have a few drinks responsibly" type of smoker in the public's eyes just yet, everyone who smokes is a stoner...i'll stick to using it in the privacy of my home, thank you.
in the internet age, anything you do in public can and will be used against you in the court of public opinion. 
okay tho who eats a steak at tailgates? that's way too much for when you're raging. 
i go to a lot of tailgates (considering i'm a current national champion florida state seminole!!!), plus also nfl games and when i was in middle school tailgated our hs games. 
never in my life would i consider steak the "food" of tailgates. bbq yes, hamburgers n hotdogs yes, chicken wings yes, beer yes, haircuts yes. never steaks.
world cup soccer is great. mls soccer is shit. 
/thread
what the fuck is cream?
ahh the ol reddit meta as fuckaroo
i should have said, "most guys who would go to a football game," then, if you want to be pedantic about it. i haven't seen anybody eat a steak with red wine in years, and that's because i don't go to an upscale steakhouse. most people drink what they want, and they're not so sophisticated as to refuse to eat steak because they don't have red wine.
a knife and a paper plate works. seriously, go tailgate at any town with a big university, and you'll see people tailgating anything and everything. chicken, crawfish, shrimp, steak, fajitas...you name it.
strawberries and cream is a [popular treat](http://chatteringkitchen.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/cambridge-co_-uk_.jpg) at wimbledon. 
out of interest how much tennis do you watch? because about 3/4 of other male tennis players do exactly the same.
classic.
or, if the person somehow used the cream as an instrument to eat the strawberries, the question could remain exactly the same
i watch every major and until recently, every televised match. it's very rare when fed, rafa, or wawrinka whine. novak used to be bad about it, but he's cleaned up his act. 
although it you google it you'll get pictures of whipped cream, you'll usually get some smooth pourable cream like [this](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-i2ppsjcgdii/udr8kq5c5ti/aaaaaaaayvs/8ypc7gke7qg/s712/strawberries-cream_6144strawberry-coconut-cream-july_edited-1strawberries-cream-vegan-coconut.jpg)
i'd also argue british tradition full stop. i usually have strawberries with cream
like milk but thicker - often referred to as single or double cream
...cream? single or double cream, [the kind you can pour](http://ak.picdn.net/shutterstock/videos/1346551/preview/stock-footage-pouring-cream-on-strawberries.jpg).
spoon master race represent
fair enough. well from what i've watched, which admittedly isn't as much as you but is still a fair amount, i don't think murray 'whines' noticeably more than any other player. sure, it's not absent from his game but for the vast majority of the time it's at himself, rather than the opponent or an umpire.
dirty dirk and the nash.  except nash was acquired by the mavs from phoenix who drafted him.
i had no idea what the question meant and would have said 'with my fingers' as well.  
gets it right - 'with cream' implies you use cream as a tool to eat the strawberries with, like your mouth
oh god.
even nelly kinda had frosted tips.
wrong thread fella. not that anyone in england actually calls it soccer - it's football mostly. rugby football is just rugby and american football is... ridiculed. 
"wait a second..."
"how do you take your strawberries" would get the point across, but there's no good way to ask since why would you ever need to ask that?
feel free to place your money on it now. with me. i'm accepting all 2030 world cup bets reddit!
exactly! everything's better with some cheap beer in a solo!
bless you, kind sir (or ma'am)
all day! if you've got the time, simmer them in a leinies! save the spotted cow for drinkin!
what's the difference?  wade's body is shot anyway...
like [this](http://i.imgur.com/c6v0wpa.gif)?
rugby league: pie and a pint
yeah but he's won one more than everyone else in this thread.
looks like i found murray's reddit account.
&gt; none of those players is american
ftfy
no, yogurt is cultured, like butter or cheese.
damn, this makes me miss nelly. classic shot of three greats. 
why not? i don't get it (*edit* from the "get shot at" comment i am going with people thinking these look like kkk hoods? if so, they don't). to me they just look like [basic white raincoats with a sox logo on it](http://www.trbimg.com/img-1404356940/turbine/chi-trb02soxfanswet-20140702/550). 
 
i laughed for a good thirty seconds, thank you andy murray.
how does he play tennis without any fingers left?
http://i.imgur.com/szyz5vr.jpg
in 2026 usa is a dead cert to win.
why?
they'll host it.
keep it under your hat.
\*taps nose*
&gt; except nash was acquired by the mavs from phoenix who drafted him...
...two seasons earlier
yeah
though if you go back to his first win, it is something like the 23rd place rider that hasn't been linked to drugs.  hence the mixed feelings.
americaaaaaaaa
everyone is smiling…not andy
is that the kurgan? 
awesome pic but... was the 1998 draft held in a middle class family's basement?
do you think that the likes of messi, robben and ronaldo *don't* train to be in top condition? ronaldo is literally at the peak of physical fitnessfor what he is required to do.
dude, you'd puke your brains out before completing one training drill these guys do daily. pro tennis is nothing like pro golf
you had one job, andy...
it's a joke you idiots! 
sharapova &gt; ever girl else. her moans are the best.
andy just gets straight to it. no messing around.
no. the word "how" can be answered with both means "my fingers" or manner "with cream".
bitch go back!
i don't know if competitive eating is a sport or not, but i do think it's interesting to think about how difficult it is across all sports to lead in a meaningful category for eight consecutive seasons. 
i know it's not a glamorous stat, but [joe sewell](http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/s/seweljo01.shtml) had a remarkable nine-year streak as the mlb leader in at-bats per strikeout. in one season he struck out only three times in 503 at-bats. 
no. you're wrong. dead freaking wrong. heres the deal junior (mind if i call you junior? i am anyways, you seem like a junior). us soccer is a national entity. i don't mean everyone is out there working for the team, painting lines or whatever. but to field a solid national team, there must be a solid base at home.
that means it starts at the beginning. youth soccer, going up through high school, making this something more than a kids sport, supporting your local mls team, watching them on tv, demanding the games be aired. that pumps money and talent into the system.
yeah, i know. you'll take the cynical "it's about money you sheeple" approach. but your wrong about that too. i only pay in money and time what it's worth to me. that is it's an economic exchange. in return for money and support, they give me entertainment. an economic exchange. think hard, remember that from your highschool econ class you had a month ago. if what the value of what they provide me drops, they will lose out as well.
and here we go on that shortsighted, simplistic bullshit about you not getting why someone else gets excited at watching others do things. let's make the simple point first. you can't make yourself happy? that's your deal. i'm taking care of myself first. your understanding is not required.
i played soccer when i was younger. i was never a star. i was never going to be an mls or bpl contender. but i do understand the game. i can watch a game progress. just like a beginning violinist can listen to the sounds and silences of a beethoven sonata and appreciate the brilliance of it, i can see masters at work and appreciate how beautiful it is. yes, beauty. that's what i see in a good game. don't you dare tell me that's somehow lesser than whatever the hell you deem worthwhile.
and now we're down to the gaul of you deciding who and what i am by a solitary and optimistic post on the internet. i learned to fly when i was 13 years old. i raised the money to visit europe when i was 14. during college i taught myself marksmanship well enough that i became the captain of the rifle team, beating ncaa opponents. i accomplished similar in rowing. in three years i've learned to ski well enough to keep up with people that have been doing it with 20. doing 50mph down a goddamn ice  sheet and sitting on your ass eating cheetos are a long way apart. 
i've taught sailing, i've learned scuba, i've trekked across mountain ranges, i've owned an aircraft, i'm building another, i've pulled a drowning person out of the water, i've been there for friends in their darkest times, i've sailed through a tropical storm, i've wondered foreign cities by myself, i've made the lives of people around me better.
don't you tell me who i'm living through and what i'm living for.
you want to join in on some fun? great, i'll buy you a round and show you why i love watching soccer. you'll have spent time that you enjoyed, socialized with people who are also living life in a way they like. 
most importantly you can learn that you will live a much better life asking yourself "how can i learn to enjoy something the way those people are enjoying it?" rather than trying to make yourself feel better by making what others do or do not seem small.
look dude, simply put, i care about you. i don't know you and probably never will. but i would love for you to live in a way that you can enjoy. and behaving like you have isn't going to get you there.
no. you're wrong. dead fucking wrong. heres the deal junior (mind if i call you junior? i am anyways, you seem like a junior). us soccer is a national entity. i don't mean everyone is out there working for the team, painting lines or whatever. but to field a solid national team, there must be a solid base at home.
that means it starts at the beginning. youth soccer, going up through high school, making this something more than a kids sport, supporting your local mls team, watching them on tv, demanding the games be aired. that pumps money and talent into the system.
yeah, i know. you'll take the cynical "it's about money you sheeple" approach. but your wrong about that too. i only pay in money and time what it's worth to me. that is it's an economic exchange. in return for money and support, they give me entertainment. an economic exchange. think hard, remember that from your highschool econ class you had a month ago. if what the value of what they provide me drops, they will lose out as well.
and here we go on that shortsighted, simplistic bullshit about you not getting why someone else gets excited at watching others do things. let's make the simple point first. you can't make yourself happy? that's your deal. i'm taking care of myself first. your understanding is not required.
i played soccer when i was younger. i was never a star. i was never going to be an mls or bpl contender. but i do understand the game. i can watch a game progress. just like a beginning violinist can listen to the sounds and silences of a beethoven sonata and appreciate the brilliance of it, i can see masters at work and appreciate how beautiful it is. yes, beauty. that's what i see in a good game. don't you dare tell me that's somehow lesser than whatever the hell you deem worthwhile.
and now we're down to the gaul of you deciding who and what i am by a solitary and optimistic post on the internet. i learned to fly when i was 13 years old. i raised the money to visit europe when i was 14. during college i taught myself marksmanship well enough that i became the captain of the rifle team, beating ncaa opponents. i accomplished similar in rowing. in three years i've learned to ski well enough to keep up with people that have been doing it with 20. doing 50mph down a goddamn ice  sheet and sitting on your ass eating cheetos are a long way apart. 
i've taught sailing, i've learned scuba, i've trekked across mountain ranges, i've owned an aircraft, i'm building another, i've pulled a drowning person out of the water, i've been there for friends in their darkest times, i've sailed through a tropical storm, i've wondered foreign cities by myself, i've made the lives of people around me better.
don't you tell me who i'm living through and what i'm living for.
you want to join in on some fun? great, i'll buy you a round and show you why i love watching soccer. you'll have spent time that you enjoyed, socialized with people who are also living life in a way they like. 
most importantly you can learn that you will live a much better life asking yourself "how can i learn to enjoy something the way those people are enjoying it?" rather than trying to make yourself feel better by making what others do or do not seem small.
look dude, simply put, i care about you. i don't know you and probably never will. but i would love for you to live in a way that you can enjoy. and behaving like you have isn't going to get you there.
312 ltba so it counts for something and in a mainly dead ball era.
who eats cracker jacks at baseball games anymore?  should probably be hot dogs and peanuts....and beer
the way you wrote that comment reminded me of the smores scene from the sandlot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-awmxthpylc
pretty sure. good enough for me.
lol good one bro
now that's hardcore!
"buy me some peanuts and cold beer too. i don't care if i ever come to."
well you also have to consider the danger and consistent concentration you have to have driving a car 200+ mph around the track and bumper to bumper with multiple other cars. thats some scary shit and if you lose focus you could be killed easily
i would have loves him to answer something along the lines : "andy murray does not care for your pointless inquiries."
i on the other hand, eat strawberries with my mouth.
i didn't know angels could play tennis
you mean the worst? she's so fucking annoying
i would also be concerned that the nfl plays would not have the acting skills necessary to flop...
[video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgmdgsccjka)
cool, no one cares.
"hey you basterdsh that wash out.  set murray i fuckin' telsh ya."  
tennis would be so much more fun.
i don't know if you actually want to know more about english usage, but answering the question "how do you eat your strawberries" by saying "with cream" is perfectly correct and it would be normal for an english speaker to reply in such a way. answering "with my fingers" is a subversion of the intended meaning of the question, which is what makes it funny.
2014 nissan maxima
a horse shaped duck would look exactly the same as a duck sized horse.
/r/showerthoughts
clearly just dry british humor, but i can't help be reminded of... http://youtu.be/2ac76vdbsqu
people are becoming delusional after watching us this world cup...yes they performed well but saying they will dominate world football is just stupid
even at +251, this is still an under appreciated comment. i just thought you should know that. 
lizzy will be the judge of that. it's her language.
people dip strawberries in creme?
thanks mate, i'll keep fighting the good fight. 
i have no idea what movie it's from. found it in here http://reactiongifsarchive.imgur.com/
[...for breakfast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lanmns0-9g).
it's named after the brown hotel in louisville if my  kentucky girlfriend isn't a complete liar
the boyband influence is strong in these two.
even though the season is over, and they are out of country, could the nba still suspend them for substance abuse? just curious. i'm guessing they just have to pass a drug tests whenever that might be and they're good? i remember hearing on first take or somewhere (about nfl players)  saying players still smoke its just about getting clean before the test or something like that even during the season.
it was weird because he just looked so off that whole match. like he was never really comfortable, even though he had played great tennis going into that match. 
there's no proof that they're actually smoking weed. they can just say it's tobacco.
i'll second that.  couldn't put that book down.
what's the difference between monotonal and monotonous? i googled but was confused
of course not. the guy is really short, doesn't jump well, probably can't throw a ball or anticipate/block/defend against any nba level player. 
who is upvoting this? who the fuck cares about what face prince william is making?
i would get the joke if it was nadal with his stink finger. 
http://i.imgur.com/tfdo5et.gif
holy cow, the howard circle jerk is going out of control.
it's named after the brown hotel where it was created.
my fingers.
chris osgood
strawberries cut up and served with thick cream is pretty good. thats how they do it in mexico. but this shit basically looks like strawberry "cereal"
soccer is closer to cross country than it is to basketball. the nfl has guys built for short bursts, not for 45 minute halves without water breaks. these tops athletes would train completely differently for soccer and would not look the same as they do now. you'd look at them and say, this guy couldn't make it in the nfl, just as you're doing to soccer players today.
from the above source
&gt;for more than three decades, the brandon (fla.) high school never lost a dual match, a streak that went from 1974 to 2008. the streak ultimately reached 459 dual-match victories in a row.
&gt;the streak was the longest in american high school history. it came to an end when brandon high lost to south dade high school 32-28 on jan. 6, 2008.
reading on to miller place
&gt;under coach pat mccarrick, the miller place (n.y.) high school badminton team never lost a game in her 25 years as coach, which began in 1973. the first loss for the school's badminton team came nearly eight years after her retirement, in 2005.
miller place's streak ended in 2005, and brandon's record was still standing at it's end in 2008, brandon's record must still be the record holder.
edit: fun fact, i was present and watching at the jim graves dual when it ended. some guys from espn also filmed one of brandon's guys working over one of our guys for a documentary on "the streak."
i come to reddit daily, and see my country called every name in the book, and you hear one little comment, and talk of xenophobia. 
you are fucking stupid. period. 
them frosted tips though...
less and less kids will play football because of concussions. i imagine 30 years from now our best athletes will be split fairly evenly between football/basketball/soccer. 
marijuana.com?
you mean scoring a baseball game?
i am hoping to see him use his position to effect some serious change in the youth pay-to-play system. imo, that would effect one of the biggest and best changes in the us soccer system. we will never put out enough talent for our national team if we require kids to pay thousands of dollars every year just to play for a club team.
i think i am going into a diabetic shock from all that frosting. 
when andy murray wins: what a fine example of a british athlete. 
when andy murray loses: what a poor example of a scottish athlete.
my main man steve nash
with cream, cream, sugar and cream, cream, with my fingers, cream, sugar and cream,.... etc
hey, i take my hot browns seriously. 
probably looks like it too.  not that it matters.
strawberries and ice cream is very common. or whipped cream or cream you put on desserts i don't know what americans call that we just call it cream i guess
it's been completely flooded before
if it flooded then somehow got really cold. could you imagine nhl winter classic being held there. 
well ... at least i have in-n-out and carls. jr!
what kind of question is this...?  am i missing something?
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b9/steve_nash_lakers_smiling_2013.jpg/640px-steve_nash_lakers_smiling_2013.jpg
nadal answers "with cream, no?" his eyes bug out and he makes a duck face and slowly slides underneath the table.
sdfdfdgfhf
yes, when time increases, reaction time decreases, when "reaction time" increases, the speed in which you react increases... like i said, it's semantics... are you saying time, or reaction time, as whole?
i know that, i just mean my answer would have been 'with my fingers' or 'with a fork'.
the steelers were called the pirates as well for the first few years of their existence.
it's been two weeks, the gif is still loading come on
you're on a discussion forum; it's used for discussing things and sharing opinions. no one actually cares about *most* of the junk we all write on here, we're just leaving comments on a forum. but thanks for caring enough to leave a comment about how no one cares. 
her name's eugenie? [i doo not want this image associated with thoughts of her](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110307112917/heyarnold/images/f/ff/eugene.jpg)
if you want to look at depth of strategy see this post:
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/29fdu1/novice_guide_to_the_run_game_series_3_phiari_2/
that's one play, broken down about as deep as possible.
lol, just lol
miles better than the football. go bokke!
tennis isn't masculine in any way. 
you do know that you have to play soccer for 45 minutes before there is a break. in nfl you only have to run a few seconds. which means you can go bigger than normal. 
wrong. if the us is dominate football it would be through its mexicans rather than oversized guys who are specialised in an unrelated sport.
sports news
i live here it's a common occurrence 
that's poetry.
and losing the match.
mornay sauce: bechamel with cheese.  for the culinarily ignorant, its like quality macaroni and cheese cheese sauce.
that's ridiculous. he plays one decent game and there's all this fanfare. they didn't even win the game.
i dont get it
even though this is the bbc keep in mind that the author is american. she doesn't know what she's talking about and is blinded by the events of the last week.
i don't watch tennis so i don't understand this. is the cream a tradition or double entendre or what?
good one...
rumour has it that jim parsons is her biggest fan.... you could say it's a 'big fan theory'. 
if they toke like they play ball then i'm guessing davis took the first toke and deandre finished it off. 
i think he would be good at american football and football.
one enhances the other, they just go together, like bacon and eggs, champagne and caviar, sage and onion, etc., etc.. some like strawberries with black pepper.
http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/07/03/tennis-wimbledon-strawberries-idukl6n0pe5mt20140703
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/roasted_strawberry_and_82071
  just eat it any way you like it, no-one cares.
\#rekt
&gt;pele probably also was.
hahahahahaha oh wow, you really have no idea what you're talking about
strawberries and cream is a [wimbledon thing.](http://global.ralphlauren.com/en-gb/rlmagazine/editorial/summer13/pages/wimbledonconcessions.aspx?) 
damn, the bucks really made out on that dirk for 'tractor' traylor trade...
squirty cream though... :)
he knew what they meant, it was a joke. 
yeah it's phrased in an american way probably as most non-native speakers learnt american rather than english. we'd normally saying "what do you have with your..." or for the case of steak "how do you like your steak cooked?" . americans shorten sentences and words more often than english speakers. 
i prefer them on their own, with my fingers :)
ah it's just a typo, no big deal.
exactly. "in what manner do you eat your strawberries?" "i eat them accompanied with cream." that's a valid answer.
also, strawberries and cream is about the wussiest stadium food i've ever heard of. 
when did people start watching tennis? 
what do you think people do in kentucky when they're bored?
cognac as well.
i don't remember where but usain bolt said he used to play cricket before becoming a sprinter. cricket is quite the popular sport in the caribbean 
ahaa! andy murray rocks
he and one of the other surviving crew members drifted for 47 days on a raft in shark-infested waters before being captured by japanese forces. he spent more than two years as a prisoner of war, surviving torture. 
fully sick bro
would you like to know more?
[cbs news 60 minutes: can hunting endangered animals save the species?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r9-wenxztq&amp;index=60&amp;list=pl3nwqce5fvldu9ogvrgnyqzla3mrbmvn7)
[reuters: rhino farming's horn of plenty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvmzry3isco&amp;index=45&amp;list=pl3nwqce5fvldu9ogvrgnyqzla3mrbmvn7)
[happy elephants on patara elephant farm april 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhupcdn8mzu)
football (soccer)
for a while people said that he might play for manchester united, but it never happened.  
you only think strawberries and sugar go together because you eat the huge strawberries.
they are genetically modified or a different breed or something but they're not like real strawberries. growing up in russia we ate strawberries that were actually sweet. the ones that i see in the usa are just... blah. (but they sure are big)
russia isn't known for cricket, why on earth would she be expected to recognize a cricket player? go to india and bring in alex ovechkin or wayne gretzky and see what happens. 
thanks, you are right but i just shared a news :) i dint mean to criticize or any negative impact :)
nonononon this wasn't on you, just thinking out loud. apologies
&gt;however i think you are overlooking his original intent/what he meant to say.
and how do i determine what his "intent" was or "what he meant to say"?
i'm not a mind reader.  all i can go on is what he said.
he simultaneously said that america was the ~20th best team in the world and that they were "average".
based on the definition of average and the number of teams playing international soccer, these two statements are fundamentally opposed.  no "meaning" or "intent" can change that fact.
when i initially questioned him on it, he doubled down and confirmed that he thought that the us was top 10% and average at the same time.  
&gt;if you do want to defend the quality of the us team, i think it would be better to argue against what he meant to say rather than pick apart his poor choice of words.
there is no defensive necessary of the quality of the us team.  i think we are both in agreement on what it is.  they are probably somewhere between the 10th and 30th best team in the world on any given day.  
additionally, is it accurate to say that it was just poor word choice as opposed to trolling or ignorance?  i mean, he had plenty of chances to say, "yeah i didn't really mean average.  i meant not elite among world cup caliber teams."
he didn't say that though, did he?  i called him out over and over and he doubled down on his "average" claim (i.e "i'm saying they produce average football.")
to me, if you simply used poor word choice and then got called out, the adult thing to do is to say "yeah, my bad.  that was shit word choice on my part.  should have said this instead."
on the other hand, when you get called out and you double down and fight tooth and nail that your word choice was correct, then i'm not picking apart your poor word choice, i'm picking apart the stance that you have taken over and over in the face of evidence to the contrary.
&gt;also, soccer is way more nuanced than the basic stats mentioned in this argument show.
agreed.  i haven't said different.  my stance is that if you want to use stats, even shitty ones, you might as well not fuck them up.
&gt;he is right about the us being an average team, in the casual sense of the word. like, 'eh, this pizza is average.'
if i bought pizza at a store, i wouldn't say "eh, this pizza is average" if it is literally in the top 10% of commercially produced pizza in the entire world.  if fact, just the opposite. i'd say "man, this is some of the best pizza i've ever had".
&gt;they aren't top tier, but they certainly aren't the worst. they can't beat the best teams that play in the world cup and they still struggle against the lower quality teams that play in it. belgium owned the us the entire game. it really wasn't as close as some people are making it out to be, and belgium isn't even a top tier team yet.
agreed on all this, and i haven't said different.  
&gt;the us played some hard fought but average football.
you just trolling me now, huh?
&gt;don't take the words too literally. look for the spirit behind the language. else you might miss the point of a lot of things. this isn't a scientific journal, it's a casual thread in a sports sub page of an entertainment website.
i agree with this concept.  however, like i said before, i'm not a mind reader.  many times, the only way to figure out the spirit of what someone said is to question them or to counter points they've made.
if someone says something that doesn't hold water (i.e. this thing that is top 10% in the world is average) and you call them out, they can do one of two things.  
admit that it was poor word choice and didn't really reflect their views and then clarify what you really meant.
or take the stance that you meant what you said in the first place and that everyone else are the ones with the problem.
if he had done the first, i think we would have been in complete agreement and moved on after 1-2 posts.
instead, he wanted to be obstinate, dig in his heels, and double down on a stance that isn't supportable by any rational definition of the word "average". 
he is free to do that, but then the issue isn't that i am unwilling to look at the spirit of his message.  the issue is that he would rather double down on something that isn't actually his message as opposed to admitting his initial word choice was shit.
i'm not sure how that is on me.  i can only go on what you say.  if you say something that doesn't hold water as stated and i call you on it, and you say over and over that it does hold water, then all i can do is assume that it is in fact your actual message, no matter how stupid it is.
&gt;please don't take it so personally.
nothing personal, friend.  
der onlienshop mit der sozialen ader! 
mildly interestingly we both ended on +8.
i seemed to get a rush of down votes suddenly from people who would have had no way of understanding what the deleted comment said. people are funny.
glad it all worked out for you!
what? he doesn't look un-clever, and the interviewer's question was finely worded. the other players took the joke and played it straight, andy either didn't see the joke or saw it and didn't play it, of which either is fine!
biggest nonstory ever. 
blob blob blob
rugby 7s. carlin isles was a sprinter who became a 7s player and his speed suits the sport perfectly, so i'd love to see what bolt could do.
why is she in a bikini but sachin is in a cricket uniform? because...women's tennis 
are the netherlands now the villians of the world cup? :(
:\ don't be sad!
yesterday's news, and no one cared then either.
indian's need a movie to know about milkha singh and then its a crime if a non-indian does not know sachin. ..!!
exclusive blog by michael owen answer sportlobster users questions on many different topics http://sportlobster.com/news/43581/askowen-q-a.html 
that was for pure publicity and he was only going to play in a friendly, bolt is quite shit at football really.
messi rocks
if you bit people when under stress in your job you would be fired.
you have no argument - there is no justification for this behavior and most people agree.  sorry...
chess. 
lol...ewwww
i think it's awesome... in 2006 the netherlands where disqualifyed in a match that involved 16 yellow cards and 4 reds, setting a record in the history of any fifa administrated match. in 2010 the netherlands lost the final in a game that involved 14 yellow cards and 1 red, trumping the record for yellow cards in a final (the previous record was 6)... indeed the netherlands are like the bad boys of world cup play and it's very awesome in a detroit pistons kind of way.
bit of a whispered fart in a wind-tunnel for sure.
whenever i'm being interviewed i reply with a witty comment if i can make up one in half a second (which is about 30% of the time). if not, i just say whatever the interviewer wants to know... which usually is the same thing every time.
either you meant the league is a joke league, or you meant the league has [parity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parity_(sports\))
why is this down voted if hes faster than randy moss then imagine him just running streaks down the field. he'd break records in the nfl if he learns to catch.
why does he have to be witty and charismatic?
he's a much better tennis player than you are charismatic.
it's a thing.
source: from ky 
games are still being played there this weekend. they made a bridge to get to the stadium along with flood walls.
i get that the us has some freaking great athletes in various sports not only basketball and football, but also have great swimmers, sprinters, etc. but thinking that only because they have some great 6+ feet giants running for short seconds makes them favourites to become good in a complete different sport that requires a whole different set of habilities is ridiculous! i'm a huge fan of the nba, but saying that the stars of the nba could be great at playing soccer if they trained from a young age is the same as saying  that if cristiano ronaldo that is1,86 or 6,1" trained he could be a great point guard just because of his great vision and quickness. 
dry. murray dry.
still has more fans in it than tropicana field.
who?
let's bring frosting back.
because women* no need to add the tennis in there at all. 
i'd love to start a league. looks like a blast.
discussed this the other day:
gk: calvin johnson
rb: mike trout
cb: andrew luck
cb: adrian peterson
lb: patrick peterson
lm: patrick willis (cause fuck it)
rm: lebron james
cm: tony parker
lw: derrick rose 
st: kobe bryant
rw: michael vick
but this question gives us a pool of our pro athletes to choose from. assuming hypothetically that they would grow up playing soccer and training for that. the freak athletes have an edge on the younger crowd, now if they devoted their talent to soccer then it's possible. but this is a hypothetical situation, so we make a list of top athletes that fit the bill. 
this is not a new creation
she's so dreamy...
neymar is no where near big enough to play anything but kicker and punter. and i'd imagine he would be great at it. and we are asking which athletes from brazil could play in the nfl, not which undersized soccer player. anderson silva could've played in the league if he played growing up and had the skill set.  but neymar doesn't make the cut. too small.
messi isn't a freak athlete. he really isn't. ronaldo is big for soccer, but puny compared to athletes in the nfl
i laughed at the post, then i had a sip of diet coke. *spit take* when i saw /u/donnerkebabparty's comment. made my day.
