everyone here seems to want to name it mike, but i'd much rather it adopt it's *own name.* then were really going to see something special. adam selene 2012!
pc sucks anyways so no harm as far as i'm concerned. 
pretty sure microsoft + rap = micrapsoft, which has a completely different meaning.
i am not arguing that there is no reason to buy their products; i'm arguing that there is no reason to try to legally ban emerging technologies out of fear for an industry player's profit margins.

even if you were to argue that there is no reason to pay for something you can download for free - some players in the industry actually often manage to disprove this by doing things right. buying games on steam, for example, is often more convenient than pirating them, and offers other advantages as well (save-games stored in the cloud etc).
everybody who has worked with computers knows they suck, i wonder how you know
as another zenbook owner, i can confirm it is serious business. glad to hear you're enjoying the computer.
i'm on a pavillion dv6 at the moment. i've been using this since i started uni in sept 2010 and i must say it's performed extremely well. i'm doing creative computing which means i'm always on photoshop, illustrator, flash etc. and this computer handles them all perfectly well. i've had problems with heat but mostly because i use my laptop while it's set on the bed (out of laziness) and the dust gets into it. i used a blower to get the dust out and it was back to how it was when i first bought it. currently running a cracked copy of skyrim on it and it looks fantastic. not like the pictures posted on /r/gaming fantastic but still on par with consoles at least.
just not one to worry about.  it's a rather underwhelming possibility actually, compared to all the other amazing possibilities such a device holds.
yeah, and apple's maps to...

...i got nothing
too bad bing search doesn't show news at the top, or they'd have seen this coming. apparently he's flash mobbed a few malls and gotten himself in some trouble. 
like i said, you're really reaching.

as long as you're just holding on to theories, with no working example, i'm going to say no, not possible.
why can't it be in time warner and att's interest, also? google has always made money exactly the same way- on ad clicks. they're making internet faster to ensure more people can click, faster. the issue is that the telcos have an old business model. and it benefits them to do as little renovation as possible to keep their customer base. i think if this stirs it up just enough to scare them into improvements - it'll be good for their business, too. instead, they're dragging their feet again. trying to do as little as possible and complaining that google cheated. meh. /rant
im pretty sure a lot of geeks wouldn't mind stepping off of earth for a couple of years. is not like they are gonna miss high school or punanni for that matter.
why doesn't microsoft go the other way and attract people that have money. hire a duet to sing songs from phantom of the opera with a pianist. classic, original and people who like those things actually have money. instead of standing around rooting the dude on. microsoft branding/marketing team sucks.
haha, ok, you win too
and let's be honest, everyone hates sweaters.
yeah, but who cares? i'm in it for the distribution of porn.
he's not 'upcoming' at all (unless he's due to play soon). but he may well be 'up and coming', which is a different thing.
labtops
but you look away for one second and it's burnt.
yes, it will lock as you walk away. :d
"the atf believes he's not broken any laws, and that the agency believes 3-d printed guns fall into a regulatory gray area, but that he still needs to get licensed if he's to manufacture a weapon"
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/27704805.jpg
and by forcing isp's (through competition) to provide better service to their consumers more people use the internet. the more people that use the internet the more exposed they are to google services. thus benefiting google. 

you are absolutely right that google doesn't have our best interest in mind, but this is one of those cases where google's bottom line does actually line up with my interests. 
the only problem i forsee, many doors aren't aligned properly so you have to push or pull on the door slightly to lock it.
&gt;it does, the overall wealth level of the planet should rise to crazy high levels, however most of that wealth if not checked will wind up in the hands of very few.

i don't know.  i suspect that wealth tends to spread out more if the economy is left alone.  
stomp all the labtops!
see, sweeping generalizations aren't fun are they?
people from the philippines are probably downloading tbs of porn while they have the chance to.
is 10 tbs enough for a lifetime?
(videos, fotos)
yes.
and if the doj has no authority to force disclosure then why in the flying fuck are the providers releasing the data?

they get paid to.
[neat](http://i.imgur.com/gukyk.jpg)
the problem is everyone looks at this incorrectly. the commodity that google sells is ---- it's users. and all it cares about are the users being happy. that's why every year you hear whining from all the seo cheaters and shady advertisers about how they either "got dropped from the rankings" or had their adwords account banned. and we're not talking small fish getting banned, they have banned accounts that spend millions on adwords a year. 

in the end google has succeeded because the "client who is always right" in their mind is the commodity they sell to advertisers, us.

i'm obviously not stating they do no wrong etc. i'm just stating that they know exactly why they have been successful. and funny enough they don't cater to the people who pay them, they cater to "us". the product they sell to advertisers is the privelage to put their ads on our screens.
who cares, non story.
whoever hire this guy is losing his job for sure.
cars are becoming so efficient, it's becoming exceedingly harder to get tax money from the pump for road ways!
kurt wouldn't be there. 
additionally in germany nearly all doors have keyholes on the inside as well.
woozle wuzzle?  is that what passes for entertainment these days?
novelty account?
i'm not sure about the video but this was presented at the ekoparty security conference a couple of weeks ago.
blame the oem's who demanded they put restrictions in the contract, i am sure ms would love to sell directly to the consumer (hence the stores). 
please don't be black please don't be black please don't be bla- yes!!
sold!
steve jobs is dancing in hell right about now...
*sniff.
&gt;i want to offer you one piece of fatherly advice: do not hire sting to play the reception. he'll insist on doing jazz versions of police songs, and it's just... demoralizing. 

-jack donaghy
what the fuck does pain of the physical mean? i still have to physically have a fucking phone and the fucking adapter. goddamn, you suck at selling unless you sell blather in bulk.
&gt; and of course a license should be required to print out a functional weapon like this, especially as the equipment gets more advanced.

i won't comment on the "should be required" part as i think the "should" has it's own debate.

however, under current law, if someone is creating a firearm for personal use (not for sale) licensing is not required. how it's made doesn't really come into the picture.
you just stick a pointy cam on a shaft, it goes up and down once per rotation. it's also good to have a ratchet on the counter that's attached to it.
not exactly. take runescape for example, going from mining to cutting trees isnt perfect mobility. i mean, you could be getting really good profits from being a high level, going to cutting means taking a huge paycut(unless of course the economy renders mining useless). and in the real world, it takes money to make money. having money prior can make it easier to get started. by the way, if i sound like i have no clue whats going on in runescape, its been a long time.

also, i think i may be misunderstanding your meaning of mobility because i'm not connecting that with starving. 
proof?
and that's why they should be thanking this rapper. otherwise, this would have gone down as just another non-event. 
similar thing happened to me at college. i paid $300 for a pass to park in any of the general lots on campus and one day i forgot to hang my pass from the rearview mirror. my mistake i know. 5 days later i get an email saying i had a citation for not displaying the pass properly. 

so far it isnt too unusual, i feel like a dumbass but whatever. i go to my car the next afternoon (i read the email around midnight) and i had four tickets on my windshield. the f***ers wrote me 3 tickets before emailing me about the first and the 4th was at 8:35 am the day after i read the email.

im still trying to get them overturned &gt;.&gt;
bing it on, bro! 

god, i hate myself for saying that. ugh.
are you sure it's microsoft, not the government that forces that restriction?  i'm sure microsoft would be happy to take your money regardless of where you live. 
yup. i moved up there for a job for a few years, and it's definitely hipster heavy. also, the pride of being from there is a lot higher than any other city i've seen or lived in (empirical evidence, only, of course). there's a great big world - get out and see the rest of it. also, there are four seasons, not just winter and july. 

i was up there when they opened that store. it was sad to walk in to apple (if you could get in) and look across the hall to see a basically empty store. also, they screwed with legoland, which is unforgivable. 
yup: http://i.imgur.com/1ltyo.jpg 
hilarious. did the shop lifter manage to make it out of the store? (see 2:10)

but.. it gets easier to do. there are bot software packages out there which any script kiddie can turn into something serious malicious. now imagine 3d models downloadable from a famas or other serious guns which you can cut and trim up to your own requirements. imagine a shorter version a 'one bullet' version anything can be done. it doesn't need to be perfect, it doesn't need to kill a guy 500 m away anybody with a plan can make this happen easier with a 3d printer. now the next step is 3d printers are hard to obtain, but soon you can just order them in a webshop and get it home delivered together with resins.

i agree skills help and make the difference but with basic requirements, the skills are also less important.
i hate mgk. i was forced to see him cause tech n9ne toured with him, and he is the most arrogant, immature, snobby stupid little shit. mind you, he also cant rap for shit. 
*colbert hand stretch out* - "money please!"
so does this mean that if i leave my phone at home and go commit a crime that i can use my phone as an alibi now?  
i have an hp dv6 series laptop and if i want to play certain high-end games, i need external fans pointing at the side of the case or my shit shuts off after about 15 mins. 
this is different, you don't have to replace your lock and you can take it with you. it fits over the lock:

&gt;renters can use lockitron too because lockitron fits over the inside of your current deadbolt. easily take lockitron with you when you move. 
sopacabana!
fuck a mac i need a dell!!
probably not , but if he had been there he would have smashed better
"...and stomp some of their labtops. i'll stomp a pretty pink one for you."
[yeah fuck mac fags so dum1!!1](http://osxdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/nasa-msl-team-mac-users.jpg)
this guy is a rapper? i briefly heard one of his shitty songs on a youtube ad when my music teacher was showing us a video. boy that's some ridiculously processed typical spoon fed to american bullshit that has no density to it and only mindless overly loud beats. fuck it's bad.
because their developers have iphones
i'd have to have a version provably incapable of it.
because jay z sucks and i just want to buy a fucking dvd.
they don't even do that. they just run the scripts that others have created. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/script_kiddie
even if you're over here in the us, if you post anywhere online...good luck clearing customs next time you visit. 
lmao
don't worry. just keep voting for democrats. they'll sort this out. 
we're givin' her all she's got!
hate to be this guy, but, america: where even the "skinny" people are fat.
i haven't bought a new windows computer in ages but i have no idea why anyone with any computer knowledge wouldn't wipe it and do a fresh windows install right off the bat.
&gt;i want to offer you one piece of fatherly advice: do not hire sting to play the reception. he'll insist on doing jazz versions of police songs, and it's just... demoralizing. 

-jack donaghy
so awkward. everyone is pretending that they aren't even seeing it. 
you don't understand sarcasm, do you?
&gt; ideally, you would regulate bullets rather than guns when everyone starts maling there own weapons. this seems unlikely to happen.

ah, no thread that mentions guns is complete without some sort of reference to regulating bullets.  

bullets are nothing more than rolled brass and cast lead.  the primers are a bit more challenging, but would be _extremely_ easy to supply to the black market if any significant restrictions were placed on them.  
it is certainly a venue. 
&gt; making undetectable firearms is usually considered illegal

patently false.  only those who intend to manufacture weapons for resale purposes must register with the atf, serialize the weapons, etc.  it's perfectly legal to build guns in your basement for personal use.
he's jumping around on said table in the video, so its pretty safe to assume he landed on the computers. 
i was wondering the same thing.
er, on repraps everything but the metal rods, the 'vitamins' (affixers) and the electronics can be printed out. if you have a pen-plotter, you can create acid-resist boards to solder the chips to for electronics. only a couple of steps left.

actually i think one guy was working on a pick and place machine (does the soldering for you) that replaces the nozzle on a makerbot or reprap.
truly.  this whole topic is ridiculous.  if it weren't for all the hype of uninformed and inexperienced people, this whole thing would be a non-issue.  
or samsungs, and you just cant tell..
source?
my brothers, don't "boo" vote!
as will most of the world.
seriously.  what the fuck is his point?  that members of "gangster culture" are de facto role models for children?  

so what then, they should be responsible gangsters with respect for their elders and property?  what?

*brain aneurism*
stupid ass kids, they need a good ass kickin.

if i were his father, i'd slap the fuck out of him with a laptop just to knock some damn sense into him.
til that there are 2 white rappers.
a corporation is a person according to most modern jurisdictions, certainly america. they might not be human, but they are a person.  words have meaning and we have defined that one as that. 
wigger wigs out, news at 10.
because fuck you, that's why.
oooooooooooooooooooooohhhh watch out we got a bad ass over here
when byte kicked it's bucket after being bought by another publisher i stopped reading and paying for 'tech' journalism.
being paid to make an appearance somewhere only to damage their property makes perfect sense!
dont trust at&amp;t... they will take all the benefits that google fiber was given.... and still fuck their customers. 

anytime at&amp;t ever made an agreement with the government &amp; were required to give customers a break because of the deal at&amp;t got... at&amp;t would do everything they could to keep people from getting said deal. from telling their reps to lie about it to hiding the deals somewhere in their website. i remember the consumerist.com posting "how-to" write ups on how exactly to maneuver thru the various webpages and all the hoops you had to jump thru to get the special deal. and when at&amp;t would find out about it... they would change it to make it even harder.  

fuck at&amp;t. they are greedy assholes who will fuck their customers over any way they can.

i seriously hope time warner and at&amp;t loses a shit ton of money because of google fiber. i'd love to see google fiber spread like wildfire all over the us.
this has never been more relevant: http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/speed_2c000f_1964539.jpg
that's about what windows costs, though. so if your restore disc is just a proper windows disc, and it saves you the hassle of doing a fresh install of windows, it's not a bad use of $100.
mgk! mgk! mgk!

"yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me steve-o! i'm a wild boy!"


of course it would, the iphone 5's specs are behind by a year at the time it came out. and besides, samsung wouldn't give apple their best technology to do their phones, now would they? :d
don't say dawg
never trust anyone who would deny you arms whilst keeping them for him or herself. 
i am not taking anything. i'm just making a copy.
the part of the gun that houses the fire control group is legally defined as the firearm. serial numbers are required to be put on that part if the firearm is to be sold. 

some manufacturers put serial numbers on barrels and bolts, but those are not legally firearms
false.  even with a machine shop at your disposal, a gun, even a simple one of decent quality and reliability is a complex proposal.
um, im not certain *you* do.
script kiddies are not only a different argument, but they have a positive impact on the security industry as they're a market force for keeping software up to date... this is common knowledge.
the minnesota state fair is a reasonably huge thing.  also, the mayo clinic brings in a lot of rich foreigners and people who need persistent medical care.  plus there is a lot of nice hunting grounds in the north.  it's a reasonable tourism destination, but not among the 18-25 internet crowd, mostly farmers and families.
one more time, i didn't quite get it.
whatever knob you print will probably be crappier, more time consuming and more expensive to make than just driving down to home depot and picking up a new doorknob. 3d printers are for prototypes and one-offs, not common household items. 
unless dealing with laptops, anyone who deems themselve as computer savvy would just build their own.
you can print a single-use gun. sure it might be useless after the first shot, but the first shot is usually all that matters.

having many 'single-shot' guns is just a simple as having one 'multi-shot' gun.
&gt;as a law abiding citizen

careful there. those things have a way of changing quickly.
i thought the girl shoplifting at 2:10 was a pretty nice touch.

how do you keep computers cool in an area with no atmosphere? 

even water cooling or similar methods would just keep absorbing heat because they can't remove it very well.
i went there for this: http://www.roadsideamerica.com/story/2126
you're talking like microsoft is one person. i'm guessing it was recommended from a friend of a client of the brother of the branch manager, individual stores make their own decisions. whoever hired the rapper will probably get a warning, and its probably what they call a "career limiting move"
first world problem.

it costs me more money to take off work to fight the ticket than to just pay it 3 times over.

even if you have a leg to stand on, they will reschedule the case for another day after you prove your point so now you have to take another day off. i didn't want to take another day off so i paid the ticket. 

i can't believe we aren't doing more to push back against this.
seems like the end-of-life phase of most technology produces a near perfect version of that technology.
 led's are much better and safer than cfl's, they just need to get more affordable. once that happens, people will start switching in droves, myself included.
the cost of a new windows cd
a revived project orion could put it up there on the cheap.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_orion_%28nuclear_propulsion%29

the ctbt would have to be amended however...

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comprehensive_test_ban_treaty


you are severely underestimating the human race.
wow, it just keeps going.
bsog.
the restore image sometimes has all the shite on it too. 
that sounds nice actually. it saves me the step of wiping the hard drive every time i buy a laptop. hp takes up like half your hard drive with crapware, which of course then asks you to update it all the time. it's less effort to wipe the whole damn thing than it is to remove each individual program
yes, i know, that's basically what i said. the bulk of the machine is possible or plausible. but a few components (like the chips) aren't even close.
*you discover the "all of the above" box.*
$150? keep it.

edit: downvote away, but $150 for something like this is just insane. i highly doubt any of you would buy this. this isn't /r/shutupandtakemymoney

i'm not saying it isn't cool, but it isn't $150 cool. how much could this cost to make?
the person who booked machine gun kelly:
a) didn't listen to his music first
b) didn't bother to set up an actual stage for him to perform on
c) is currently seeking new career paths elsewhere today
woa woa woa, i remember watching a segment on good morning america about 3-d printing. from what i say it looked like pastic toys they were printing. is 3-d printing that advance that you can recreates operational firearms and manufacture other operational products, i.e electronics????
i'm really impressed with what you guys (all the manufactures) have been up to lately. however i do have one concern.

how are you guys handling the extra maintenance attached to turbo engines? spin down time, the extra wear on oil. how do you guys handle warranty claims for people who just don't understand turbo vehicles?

 i heard somewhere gm had a cooling setup on their turbo that allows the coolant to flow through the turbo even after the engines off due to a convection current. i don't know much about fords but i just became a mazda tech so i assume i'll learn a whole bunch in the coming future

since you can't 3-d print a gun, i would disagree.  until you can print a barrel, which is likely decades away at least, you can't print a gun.
the way patents work is by excluding others from doing what you've patented in the way you've patented it. you don't have to be the innovator, you just have to be the patent holder. if someone profits by infringing upon your patent, you're entitled to those profits and to order a cease and desist. in general terms.
who pays for music anyway???
so talented.
did you watch any of the video?  it works on any phone or even text message because it's not an app.  you literally got every aspect of the product wrong.
no. woz isn't an employee of apple.  shit he hasn't worked there since the late 80s.  he can say and do what he wants. he has no vested interest to tell people to drink the company kool-aid. 
because popping a dvd or usb drive in and following simple instructions for a few minutes requires delegation!
zip guns are usually illegal, unless you file some paperwork.
reminds me of the short story [computers don't argue by gordon r. dickson](http://atariarchives.org/bcc2/showpage.php?page=133)
actually there are at least 10 majorly signed white rappers off the top of my head
that was reported by wired magazine...who often gets things wrong.  here is the next line from the article, 

&gt;that runs contrary to the advice i received from atf's national branch last month, when a spokesperson told me that you don't need to register as a firearms manufacturer if, like wilson, you have no intent to sell.
second rate computers, second rate rappers.
black mesa.
case.
wait, where do metalstorm type guns come into play here?
so machine gun kelly went off
it's kinda like buying a mac, except you don't get all the really useful stuff that os x ships with
they probably won't actively enforce it on the general populace. but it can be used to intimidate, threaten, and effectively silence any opposition.
this is what it sounded like for me

*bow dee, oh dee, obee-taw d'wah whoa shit!*
&gt;so you admit it is possible to make nuke bombs from thorium nuke energy  


nope, read my entire comment again.
mayo clinic.
teaches them to hire tracy jordan to advertise their computers.
zing
i agree with the sentiment of "never say never", since there could certainly come the day when these things could print metal (and a fine day that will be).  

until then though, i must say that thinking you can make a barrel out of epoxy is childishly naive.  
i bet you'd like it if radiohead played in the dvd aisle though
you know a quick google search and..... oh wait.... 

microsoft.... 

bing!... 

i think i found the issue here!
we don't need a new way of doing it, but the idea of centralized dns lookup may become obsolete with the abuses already happening.
rule number one microsoft: dont hire a raper that looks like a fucking apple fanboy!

that should be your first clue!
how's the view from your high horse?
community service don't sell records, ya know'm sayiiiiin?!?!
[here's](http://www.grizzly.com/products/10-x-54-3-axis-cnc-milling-machine/g0499) a grizzly 3-axis cnc mill.  it's 10 thousand more, and it's cheap by the standards of cnc machines.

[here](http://www.haascnc.com/vmc_mt.asp?webid=mini_mill_vmc) are some haas mini-mills.  they start at $32,000.

$17,000 for this kind of work is absolutely a steal.  that's why 3d printers are so awesome.
&gt; hey look hon, it's that store where the rapper that stomped on those computers. let's go stop in real quick.

who in the world would say that? it'd be more like:

&gt; hey look hon, it's that store where the rapper that stomped on those computers. who knows what crazy shit will happen next, let's go somewhere else
the laptops were already smashed.  why did they pull the plug.  even if he broke everything in there, getting people out of the mac store on saturday 2 weeks after iphone 5 gets dropped is a win for ms.

i wouldn't be mad at the marketing peeps, i'ld fire (and i mean with goddamn napalm) the retard who shut down the party.  let the police handle it, write it off as marketing expense.
traffic, traffic, lookin for my chapstick, feelin kinda carsick, there's a ford maverick!
agreed, tyler would have made this more watchable
i would argue that the development of a space elevator would need to come first -- or some other more cost effective and efficient means of getting materials/resources off the surface and into space.
machine gun kelly aka [dick baker](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mgk_%28rapper%29)
funny how the big service providers cry when someone steps in and trys to offer a better and more competitive service. i hope this really does change the game.
i cried laughing while reading this.  you definitely earned this upvote.
and [this!](http://driveatank.com/)
wacker flacky
i hope he enjoys prison. 
yeah. it's like... come on.
wow super cool, thanks!
if they were unionized this wouldn't have happened. 
no you wouldn't.
that's a good start, but let's go ahead and get into why...

frankly, it's all public record anyway. (i can foia anything in the list he made)
have you considered using nfc as well? now that most high end android phones and wp8 phones support it.
those metals are not strong enough for a barrel.
wow that guy fake laughing was the most annoying thing ive heard in awhile. i dont know what it is about a fake laugh that pisses me off so bad. especially if they do it louder after they didnt get a response the first time
that makes a pretty shitty souvenir though.
hmm. their website is down. technology does this often: it fails to live up to it's promise. that's why good old fashion keys are better: you can count on them to work.
not to mention the screen is large and reaches nearly to the edge of the phone. the phone really catches your attention when you see someone pull it out in public.

edit:
meatslinger claims the iphone is a one hand experience and thus superior. http://youtu.be/wnctzikva6a?t=29s i guess job's is using it wrong, right?


edit:edit: 

we have concluded that the entire design of the iphone is focused on having the best single thumb interaction possible. why would you design a phone around the least useful and enjoyable way of interacting with the device. no one prefers to use their phone with their thumb only so why make that the primary design point.
yeah. i had to refer to him as machine gun kelly when talking about one of his shows to a buddy of mine just because he knew the station beforehand. so he's like "oh, an mgk show? awesome!"
you can drive a large truck through the gap between "legal" and "moral".
all ritegs built to date had an output in the range of only a few hundred watts, and very poor efficiency (altrough there is theoretically a big room for improvement with direct ir to electricity conversion). it would require significant upscaling work to power a supercomputer that needs hundreds of killowatts (or you will need a lot of them).

theoretically possible, but needs research to determine if it would be more advantageous than a reactor in practice.
&gt;do you agree?

did you not look where you are? dae breath?
good on anonvas for analyzing this. i’ll point out a few initial considerations and issues i think are relevant when considering this act: 


**supreme court.** the filipino supreme court has not yet ruled on whether to issue a temporary restraining order to halt the implementation of this law. although the court convened, they want more time to review petitions, and they will apparently issue a decision next tuesday (october 9, 2012). that’s important because the supreme court’s decision will have the effect of law and can stop this act from being implemented. we need to wait for them to make a decision before anything else can be done. however, until then, the act may be and likely is enforceable.   [source](http://www.philstar.com/article.aspx?articleid=855169&amp;publicationsubcategoryid=63)


**caselaw.** it would be useful to see what kind of standards are applied for libel cases similar to those that may occur online. these would be cases involving newspapers, magazines, open letters, as well as private communications, and more specifically, any case involving article 355 since the act specifically refers to that article in reference to libel. also important, what case law exists for the standards to be applied? libel, as defined in article 353 of the penal code, is only the starting point in determining defamation. the whole of title thirteen, chapter one of the penal code deals with libel and should be read as a whole. the philippines have a civil law system, so caselaw is not as important- but, courts apparently follow the supreme court’s decisions as stare decisis. so any cases dealing with the standards applied to libel should be evaluated.  


**criminal/civil procedure.** the philippines have a civil law system and certainly have their own unique criminal and civil procedure. i’m not familiar with filipino legal procedure at all, but it’s important to consider it in relation to this act. the act states in several places “any person found guilty...” (see, e.g., sec. 8 penalities). now, the questions of how and when a person is found guilty hinge directly on the form of criminal procedure in place. for example... what standards do police use/need to arrest a person? what rights do citizens have to an attorney once arrested? how do filipino police departments process new cases?  


**international law.** article ii, section 2 of the philippine constitution expressly provides that filipino law adopts “generally accepted principles of international law as part of the law of the land.” [source.](http://www.chanrobles.com/article2.htm#.ugspxjhjjj0) the cyber crime act is targeting information and data on the internet. the internet, obviously, isn’t some self-contained thing that is purely a domestic matter. that means other nations *should* have an interest in this law. if the filipino supreme court does nothing, and the act is put into place as is, there will likely be some backfire from other nations. that’s where international law may play a part. while chapter vi, section 22 (international cooperation) of the act is probably meant to expand investigatory power, in a way, it might limit the act’s full potential. consider that section 22 gives “full force and effect” to “all relevant international instruments...” and put that in conjunction with article ii of the constitution. this should give the international community room to negotiate or challenge the act- that is, if anyone in the international community cares. but i believe an act of this type, with such heavy restrictions and expansive coercive powers, should give other nations pause for concern. 


**warrants.** the warrant requirement serves as a check on the office of cybercrime. as anonvas pointed out, all traffic data can be “intercepted” without a warrant. and only “due cause” is needed... who knows what that standard is, probably pretty flexible and open. for a warrant, however, the last paragraph of section 12 of the act (real-time collection of traffic data) sets out the requisites for obtaining a warrant. note that all three of those enumerated requirements must be met in order for a warrant to be obtained. but also note how easy it will probably be to meet those three requirements: (1) “reasonable grounds” (which sounds like an exceptionally open and liberal standard) for any past, present, or future violation of the act; (2) reasonable grounds that the evidence sought is essential for conviction or prevention of crime under the act; (3) and no other way to get the evidence. in my view, that’s a distressing standard. 


it should not be taken for granted how much power the office of cybercrime has once they get a warrant. look at section 15 as well as the definition for “interception” under section 3. put those together and it means that if the police have a warrant, among other things, they can: physically take your computer, make copies of everything on your computer, render your network inaccessible, as well as directly surveil and record (copy) any communication on your computer that is made over internet.   


**actual practice.** the philippines may have a fully functioning government that is efficiently run, without corruption, and protective of its citizens. but they would be unique in the world if they do have such a government. with that said, the actual practice of law officials and the implementation of the law at the case-level makes a big difference here. because cyber law is a relatively new field, many governments are already doing the things detailed in this act. what this law does is to institutionalize, formalize, and legitimize those actions. the big question now is how will this law be used in practice? will it be a coercive tool used to suppress criticism? or will it be used to track malicious hackers and spammers? who knows- i’ve only seen one instance (not fully verified) of an alleged threat from a police officer's (or a department’s) facebook page. so yes, there is potential for corruptive use of this act, however, actual practice must be taken into account.


if there are more specific questions about what this law does and what the implications are, i'm sure i could look more into it later. for now, just wanted to give some observations.


*the above are only opinions and in no way should be construed as legal advice or interpretation intended to aid in any way a legal matter concerning this act and is purely intended as educational and academic.   
this is called a performance. its what the people who came to see him wanted. this just makes ms look like boring ass losers who want to end the party before it even starts.
the article mentions magnets as useful for cleaning as each dust particle contains enough iron to make it plausible.  guess i should kickstart an idea for cleaning moon data centers, 'magno-clean, the only moon cleaner moms trust.'
sure it will.  you honestly think green sand is the best technology we'll ever have?
i couldnt understand a freaking word he said! how did they make out "fuck these computers?" if microsoft wanted a white rapper thay shouldve got spose!
i read this in dave chappelle's "white man" voice.
well guys it was a good run but the age of internet freedom is officially over. perhaps it will become a good story for our grandchildren, who will marvel at how big the internet once was.   
"now it's just a government tracking program that watches our every move. we're required by law to make a facebook post containing our current mental map every 12 hours" they will say  
and you will respond "ah yes, but back then it was a worldwide resource that contained everything that existed".  
"isn't that like china? they're still the mass production center of the world, but they violate copyrights like mad..."  
"indeed they haven't changed... in retrospect it seems that their firewalls was installed more to keep us out than them in... too bad it's impossible to get a citizenship these days... that hasn't changed either"  
"and apparently they weren't satisfied with the senkakus alone and decided to invade japan, the koreas, and taiwan"  
"wasn't that on the headlines? miraculously they pulled off the revolution without any bloodshed... they're calling the new union the holy empire of internet freedom"  
"i hear that they're planning on expanding even further eastward..."  
  
and now i'm on government tracking lists too
just load the disc and go through the instructions. i think you will need to do a custom installation to have the disc format the hard drive.
i dont trust at&amp;t and time warner to do it. they just want the same benefits that google fiber was given. they will take the benefits (waived fees etc etc), and continue to treat their customers like shit.
i've listened to his music.  
you aren't missing much.  
enough with the 3d printing hype.
why the hell would you print knobs when the manufacture can make replacement for pennies and sell them for way less than it would cost to make a crappy copy on a 3d print?
no
embarrass.
please watch the video, and maybe change your title, its not a javascript alternative, i watched the entire video, its like an extension of javascript to allow classes, and methods more like a traditional programming language, it even compiles (into javascript) and works with other packages like jquery.
and it costs 1/2 as much for hardware just as good :)
printed metal is not up to the task of barrels, i'd like to see someone print some 4140, then i'll start worrying about printed barrels.
&gt;also, there are four seasons, not just winter and july

fuckin' lol'd. i hate minnesota, largely for this reason.
that's like saying the sears tower is impossible because the first floor supports hundreds of thousands of psi. 
machine gun kelly is shit anyway.
&gt;kurt cobain would have done this, probably a lot better too

oh be real. if he was still alive, cobain would've been run through three vh1 celebrity dating shows already.
fucking redneck cracker
next guest? odd future.
that's the only reason why you want to become a multi billionaire?

really?
you can make a new one after the re-install, but it will take a handful of dvds. 
that went on soooooo looooooong
oh christ i wrote never, oops!

i mean it's probably going to be a fair while before it's quick or good enough for producing stuff at the same level as the current methods
the moa is definitely not worth the trip.  i mean, it's got some cool stuff, but it's not worth the hassle.
i agree with the statement saying the s3 is oversaturated. my friend and i compared a image across 2 monitors and 3 phones. the s3 was the furthest off of all of them.
1.) insert windows 7 cd

2.) restart computer

3.) boot from cd (assuming you know how to do this, many oem laptops have their boot order configured to boot from cd first, but not necessarily all of them do)

4.) choose clean install

5.) it will ask where you want to install - format the partition the oem installed it on - this kills the old os

6.) install

7.) activate using the code on the sticker - from my own experience this usually fails through the online activation, so you just call the phone number and go through the automated process to activate it - takes ~4 minutes

note: before doing any of this, make sure you take a full system backup (of the oem install) just in case something goes wrong. there are also numerous guides available via google that probably give better descriptions/pictures to help you out
machine gun kelly don't give no fucks, yo. 
and don't forget the multiple copies of the same store in the mall.
he's terrible.
signature laptops don't cost any extra than buying them from the oem. they do charge $99 if you want signature on a pc purchased outside the store.
it should be noted that [this is happening, **right now**, in the philippines](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-57522609/facebooks-like-may-land-filipinos-in-jail/?1).
fuck the post-beep. 
im sorry, you seem to have taken my statement as speculation:

http://gigaom.com/2010/02/10/google-doesnt-want-to-be-an-isp-it-wants-to-be-a-rabble-rouser/

from the article:
&gt;gigaom: it has to be asked: is google going to become an isp?
&gt;
&gt;ingersoll: we are not planning to roll out a nationwide isp network. this is a test bed for innovation.

this is a kick in the pants to isps. google does not want to become an isp, they simply want broadband access to improve. this is not purely altruistic - more internet speed means more internet usage, and more internet usage means more google usage, which means more google money.

google is built around big data and that is their focus. their fiber test beds could lead to a stepping stone in them running an isp as well, but it doesn't make sense for them right now. creating an isp network would be a huge, massive investment with lots of risk. 

tl;dr google stands to gain from the isps increasing capacity, and they have also stated publicly they do not intend to roll out a nation-wide network.
so you're acknowledging enlightened self interest as a thing that corporations can do?
and that's exactly how its going to make money. google is attempting to heavily monetize online and cloud services. this is simply not possible when the isps infrastructure is absolutely shit. you cannot get people to use cloud services when their connection is expensive, slow, and unstable. google doesn't want to be an isp, they want to force the other isps to improve their infrastructure and then cash in on it by getting the customers of the new faster services to use their online products and services. 
its property that isn't yours, that you aren't paying for. just because you don't use it that long doesn't change the concept. if i steal a bike and only ride it for five blocks then dump it its still stealing.
this needs to be upvoted more
i know you're messing around, but isn't ms certification free?

it's just a system that's in place to assure that software doesn't fuck your computer up and follows guidelines to cleanly install and uninstall. seems like a good thing to me.

the only reason i even bothered to comment on your obvious joke is that people around here tend to take stuff a bit too literally. i can totally see someone getting it into their head that it costs money from something like this.
link to fj? want to try that one more time?
jay-z? dvd? now who's living in the 90s?
download a clean copy from ms. it's free. when using google, if it's coming from a site called digital river, it's coming from microsoft
shh no tears
i read "internet" and "rules" then  fell out of my chair laughing.
i assume their lease simply has a "we can repossess the printer at any time for any reason" clause.  it's a lease after all, not a sale - why wouldn't they?  are you implying that companies *don't* get to break contracts all the time for no reason and at no consequence?
is don't know what's more awkward, the fact microsoft have a store designed to mimic the apple store, or steve job's ghost's evil laugh the entire way through the video...
nope. above when i say "deeper issues" i was referring to your points revealing some aspects of the whole pirate culture/debate which go far deeper than anything, anyone would ever cover on reddit.

as for the other interpretation of that, we all have some pretty deep issues, psychologically speaking.
[relevant xkcd](http://www.xkcd.com/1105/)
so do they remove the crapware or do they install windows?
that's not really true, you are mostly comparing apples and oranges and ignoring many many details about apple hardware
[it's a market term](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labor_mobility)
that's what i meant.

you think you're gonna get some amazing new cinnamon bun store next to the cinnabon and just go nuts, but instead it's just 2 cinnabons
**system 32 of a down!**
there are titanium 3d printers.  would titanium not work for a barrel? 
i was going to mention that and essentially the entire powerplant, the computers, and the heat/cooling exchange should have no moving parts at all.  that basic rule will be the deciding factor for gear deployment.
they hired a guy named machine gun kelly. what were they expecting?
sooooo white
i would rather the redneck makes it himself and then blows his arm off. 

really, do we need yet another avenue for bad people to get weapons past things like airport security and metal detectors.

when children start dying from this fucking idiots un-bright idea, i hope to god someone shoots him with his own weapon. fucking idiot. 
i guess you mean the cost of a blank cd (so ~$0.10) as you can download the image straight from ms for free. you can even write it to a usb stick and install it from there, but it's 1-2 steps more to get that working and you need a big enough usb stick
&gt; 40 watt equivalents instead of 25 watt equivalents

did you mean lumen equivalence? the led isn't going to draw 25 or 40 watts unless you're trying to read from a light in the house next door.

pretty much any led bulb you find should be within the safe wattage range of your made-for-incandescent lamp.
i guess you're right. a better search term would be 'homemade gun', which returns tons of images of homebrew firearms.
yeah! i mean, it's not like enlightened self interest ever stopped being a thing that was real, right?

...right?
i'm so unsurprised by microsoft ... i read raper 
that's more rock than rap.
also, in a group of black guys he will be the most dangerous. lol
i'm more surprised about the microsoft store than i am about mgk doing dumb shit

this deserves to be labelled as til
i have a feeling that if you put this on kickstarter, you could end up selling it for much less than $150. i'd be into it for around $60 or less, but i can't afford to spend $150 on my paranoia.
what about the spam museum, yes, it's a real place.

http://www.roadsideamerica.com/story/2126
.... reddit killed your site already.

what is this &amp; why do i see giddy technophile ramblings in the comments section...

since i have nothing to add to this conversation [heres a masterbating bear](http://i.imgur.com/lh9ek.gif)
are you claiming that any hardware that is big endian is stupid?  are you aware that [network byte](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/endianness#endianness_in_networking) order is big-endian?  why would one possibly want to work in little endian byte order in things like routers?
he's also available for bar mitzvahs and quinceaneras 
not sure if "serious" was the effect he was going for.
sorry, we're not doing that anymore.
fuck off assholes.
ship it with spare knobs instead? 
holy. this guy went to my high school. i was a freshman while he was a senior and he was just worthless. he would drive around our school during lunch breaks in a beige pt cruiser blasting random rap songs. pretty much the joke of my school...
wow, and all we got was weezer
see, i never just did things just to do them. come on, what am i gonna do? just all of a sudden jump up and grind my feet on microsoft's computers like it's something to do? come on. i got a little more sense then that.

yeah, i remember grinding my feet in microsoft's computers.
the big telecoms strategy has been pretty much slum-lord status: charge the highest prices you can while spending the least amount of money you can on customer service, infrastructure upgrades, etc.

now google comes in and actually offers people a fair reasonable price for modern-day internet and they start moaning and bitching. 

i can't say i'm surprised.
i think they install a trial version of office, so there's that. i'll give osx the edge in terms of stock av software but aside from that i don't see a huge difference between the two.
it's adorable that because someone steps in and offers a better deal (and consequently pays less), they demand to pay less money to the city.
hell yeah, justice!  

/s
shutupandtakemymoney.png
unless you mean underestimating our laziness, i think you mean overestimating. 
alright so i'm gonna go and step out of an airlock now. i do apologize, it has been awhile since i've had the pleasure of reading it. 

also, unlike some idiots, i never delete my comments. bad on me for not understanding. 
because that's what computer geeks love, rapping. it baffles me the extent that technology companies don't understand their audience.
&gt; is 3-d printing that advance that you can recreates operational firearms and manufacture other operational products, i.e electronics????

no, of course not. 
i really like this white boy! 
you guys are fuuuuuuuucked
he was actually hired by source magizine to perform at a microsoft store.  the title is misleading.
i'm not a lawyer, but i'll take a wild guess:

"we have the right at any time, at our discretion, to repossess the printer and nullify any contracts as we see fit."

a contract is a contract, it doesn't have to be "fair" to you.
bingo, that last sentence rings so much truer than you could ever imagine. it's really hard to understand and those who do understand don't talk about it for fear of the repercussions. we love our culture it defines us by one set of standards and we feel a sense of belonging and unity within it, yet we slightly resent it for the very same reasons because we are a country with a variety of people who are all defined under one set standards, whether we believe them or not. this is partly the reason we are fighting amongst ourselves. as for criticizing catholicism, i think it just depends on the filipino because not all are that devout. . .
&gt;and then they hire a white rapper for an almost all black audience...

yeah, shame on them not taking race into account.
yeah, but that was back when they were trying to get elected.  now that they're actually elected they don't have to honor that anymore because there's nothing to lose.

funny how all of the people who were outraged at bush for doing this are suddenly quiet when obama does.

it's in atlanta. 'nuff said.
what the hell are you talking about? i was *mocking* you for being a know it all, if that wasn't clear. 

i actually know a lot rap and the entertainment industry, at least in houston.  here are my [credentials.](http://www.absolutionmediation.ca/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/shut_up.jpg)
not yet.
i am talking about young kurt, not kurt after he suicided
so the cable company that's had a legal monopoly in my city for 30 years is complaining about even playing fields.

i don't understand how you can be this big a hypocrite.  i don't understand it and never will.
worth mentioning that the author hates intel for some reason and is therefore highly biased and that there is also a lot of bullshit on this website...
in a "common sense", rather than "legalistic" sense, i see a difference.  there are people who have home metal working shops, where they can hand craft one gun at a time, typically taking weeks or months per gun to complete a project.  but the printing system being used is an industrial "manufacturing" device - it is specifically designed and built to crank out parts.

if you built a building, filled it with all the equipment found in the factory of a small scale commercial gun manufacturer and equipped all those factory stations with robots to run the equipment and bought raw materials to make tens or hundreds of guns, then the atf would probably not take you at your word that you did not plan to sell the guns you were able to crank out at a rate of several per day.

the problem for mr. wilson is that with his setup, he has the ability to produce a gun per day or several guns per day on industrial equipment.  "common sense" tells you that this is much more like a "guns for sale" setup rather than a home hobbyist.  (there is also the issue that he appears to have "outside investors" in the project which makes it look even more like a commercial manufacturing set-up - they may technically expect nothing in return for the money (i don't know one way or the other) but it's a "common sense" reason for the atf to look at this situation skeptically.)

i'm sure that underpinning what is going on is a desire to push back disruptive technology, and i sure as hell don't understand the legal issues.  but i'd say that there is enough very real "gray area" to make "putting the brakes" on this project seem not unreasonable.
which you can already do with a cnc machine for less money, but most criminals would rather buy a stolen or illegally imported gun for $200 on the street then pay $20,000 for a 3d printer to make a single shot gun.
yes, lumen equivalence.  in the united states people are used to incandescent bulbs and know that 100 watts is "really bright" and 40 watts is "moderately bright" but couldn't tell you how many lumens those lights put out.  so our cfls and leds are all rated as an equivalent to an incandescent wattage (in addition to lumens).

i'm not looking for a bulb that is in the safe wattage range for my lights, i'm looking for a bulb that will illuminate my room and not look terrible in a ceiling fan (by my wife's standards).  
only if you fold them shiny side out.  if you fold them dull side out, then they act as scramblers.  your thoughts can't be read, but it's much harder to concentrate.
youtube has a history with turkey. see
[this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_of_youtube#.c2.a0turkey) (from wikipedia).
i thought the same exact thing when i first walked into a microsoft store earlier this year. i left immediately after seeing all of the long tables with various computers and devices, the desktops on the counters alongside the walls, and all of the employees that were just as annoying as apple store employees. 
this is such a convoluted braindump i can't even tell if you are agreeing with me.
as a new age rapper, he isn't really half bad. not my cup of tea, but i welcome him over gucci mane or half the other "rappers" we have now.

however he has an ego much like kanye or jay-z. now i'm not saying there songs have to be about rainbows and friendship, not everyone's going to get along so if he's an aggressive rapper that's fine but these artists really have to be more humble.

yes you are a rapper and make a lot of money, but you are a person just like everyone else, you don't have any special privileges that lets you be pompous and do what ever you like 
i would like to see them just expand into the rural areas surrounding the city. that would be even more spectacular.
i came here to say this as well. these are also the people that click on every single banner, open up every attachment, and click on all the pop ups. so, you know......
what does it mean?
[please no!](http://www.yehppael.com/images/uploaded/0000/0006/img-21.jpg)
elastic clauses are the contractual bread and butter of any company. guess how many sites/games/etc. have clauses stating they can ban you at any time for any reason, for instance.
the verge is *not* an off shoot of kotaku. they're operated by vox media, which also operates sb nation and polygon.

source: [the verge wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_verge_(website\))
&gt;'that white boy that destroys the property of the people who are hiring him.'

uh, this is good publicity for a rap artist.
perfectly choreographed so that all the employees were looking in the opposite direction. thanks microsoft!
you need to get off the internet then, network byte order is be.
you can print a lower reciever, which is the only federally controlled part of something like an ar15. every other component can be bought online.
the sources check out. it appears the [undetectable firearms act of 1988](http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d100:h.r.4445:) made plastic guns specifically illegal. 
not at all. you've got your cause and effect backwards.

edit: at least regarding their violence towards us.
someone didnt do a background check when they hired the "white rapper"
my favorite store in the entire moa was the lindt chocolate store. i'm pretty sure that's all i bought last time.
i signed up to upvote you.  you are right on the mark.  also, google didn't just show up and do this, this has been years of negotiations and community block grants.  now we will have bbq and fiber... but that's about it. lol
you gotta fight.   for your right.  to proooooocess files.
tell them "sure.  you just have to offer the same service at the same prices and you can have the same deal".
and this is why things will truly never change.
you leave my copper pipe blaster out of this!
the concept of those guns is pretty cool, but i have too muh of a habit of reloading a lot more than i really need to. i was just blowing through huge amounts of ammo, and most of the explosions weren't anywhere near any enemies.
ok that is what i thought, but why are people making a big deal out of this then, it is not like the gun would work??
in my experience, reddit doesn't love apple. there is a huge chunk of apple fans, just like with anywhere, but the majority opinion is - well, realistically - that it is overpriced, even for a quality machine.

this issue here is not being pro-apple. it's being mature or anti-jackass.
i'm glad he's white so i don't feel racist when i say people like him should be lynched... not because of this stunt, but his entire body of work. what a piece of absolute shit...
ah ok thanks man i sincerely appreciate it!
yup, just like i thought. your a clown, clown.

enjoy your clown related clownery.
mgk is one of the most hood rappers out there.
nope.

nope.
thanks!
i didn't know that about this guy.  i think that kind of makes it worse.

if this guy is known for that kind of behavior, and this was all engineered as a pr stunt, then they *really* miscalculated.  too many campaigns these days seem to hinge on the concept that simply 'going viral' is a de-facto pr victory.  i don't think that's true anymore, especially when you are lumping your family-friendly brand with an ill mannered 'rapper' of questionable talent.
as much as i want to say fuck tw and at&amp;t, competition is always good.

though they will probably slump along in the mediocre fashion that they always have.
today... this is more of a forward-looking position, a manufacturer endorsing the potential of a technology and what it will mean for their customers.

it's like a record label endorsing mp3s  for personal use in 1996.
... is this a tutorial on how to make a laser gun? 
til they hire rappers to play at their stores... which then proceed to destroy the stock
do you like vanilla ice?
fuck that shit. this is his style and ms hires him to sling computers? fucking right he's going to cause a scene. free publicity just for doing what he does. 
eh...it's not really that funny in hindsight. i'll just describe it. 

a long-haired man wearing black leather with white face paint and spiked clothing accessories plays the accordion, while wearing an over-enthusiastic expression atypical of a metal enthusiast. the caption reads, "i only listen to post-glam speed folk...but you've probably never heard of it."

see? not really that funny.
you must not be a typical redditor.
yeah, sorry about that. didn't you get the memo?
maybe, gaming computer ya but office ones are debatable. especially if you can't get windows at a discounted price.
look up tormach. it's not that hard to get into a cnc for smalltimers anymore.
you need to use an oem disk with the key on the sticker, the recovery patition just restores it back to how it left the factory.
i will forever remember him as the guy who called john cena an underdog. that was a sad day for professional wrestling fans.
can you add a feature so that i can say a secret word and this bad boy will unlock a la.. "open seasame"
&gt; i will consider any government employee that argues this will have committed treason against the citizens of the usa.

treason? ridiculous... if they didn't argue this they wouldn't be doing their jobs, which is arguing the position of the law. if they weren't defending it the court would appoint an attorney to do so, or congress would. a judge should have all arguments before them to make the most informed decision.
terrible title for this submission.  the vtec meme started back when the fast and the furious movie came out.  it wasn't because it was efficient, but because honda fan boys were proclaiming how great vtec was, making it akin to a turbo or some other boost, hence the "vtec just kicked in yo!"
you can download a free trial of office from ms themselves, and they have for some time now recommended security essentials as a windows update if no av software is detected. there's legal reasons, i believe, keeping them from making it ship with windows.
i would say that they are not, unless they're using some kind of script (on top of those) that does everything for them. those are simply tools. they have multiple purposes, and do require some know-how in order to use them effectively.
you really just pulled the children card on reddit?
ha.
shitlord detector:

[##################--]
90%
and make your system think i love her. dangerous, malware raising hell, and i ever get caught i just bail. deep, in your system32. fuckin up your data, see, thats the problem. when i see a fucking antivirus i don't dodge em.
i don't know why you're getting downvoted. rifling barrels is difficult and specialized. most companies that machine or forge their own ar-15 pattern rifles do not make their own barrels.
i assume there are "how to make guns in your home workshop" books that include all the diagrams and instructions on how to do this.  it's slightly different than "load this file and hit print", but not wildly.
the hipster goofballs behind make magazine have a home 3d printer out and are hyping the crap out of 3d printing, so there is a lot of buzz.  
i saw one in a movie once, and i instinctively knew they suck. 
it's not illegal to print a gun just like it's not illegal to build your own guns.
lets start a riot! a riot!

edit: but seriously, what courses of action can we take?
still counting my blessings. yay, separation of church and state.
just recently, a man here in kansas city walked into the fbi branch to ask them if he was on a watch list. he was detained, questioned, investigated, had a bomb dog sniff around his car.... the dog gave a false positive ... his car was searched .... nothing was found. it made the news all morning here in kansas city. they were saying all kinds of crazy shit on the news. they had the bomb robot out and everything. it was blown way out of proportion. and later it was found that the man was completely innocent. 

gotta love how cops and the government treats people like they are automatically the enemy.

edit: [article](http://www.kctv5.com/story/19546537/no-explosives-found-in-vehicle-of-man-with-ties-to-1st-trade-center-bombing)
not in its current form but when these things become mainstream the law will look into them and make new laws if need be. this will force a precedent, better to get it over with now methinks
thanks for clearing it up then
that doesn't make it *different.* it makes it cost less. with current tech, a cnc machine could make a far better gun than a 3d printer. with this theory, everyone should be far more afraid of people with cnc machines than people owning 3d printers.
kill them, like they should.
do you know the names of these people? do you know who the outside consultants are?

this is an obscure agency of the united nations. it is almost certainly staffed by technocrats. just because it's governmental doesn't mean it's not qualified to talk about the internet.
as a resident of kc, i say **fuck you time warner**. i will gladly pay twice as much to google for their service just for the opportunity to dump your shitty service. you were the only option i had for a long time, that's the only reason i was ever your customer. fuck you sideways with an unlubed cable modem.
i'm trying to find yesterday's annoying everyday shit people put up with thread - got a link?

also, your site is down.
please show me where someone can buy a $5000 cnc machine that is capable of quickly and efficiently milling an ar15 lower receiver to within reasonable specs.

the major issue that's coming out of the 3d printing market is one of pricing.  a company that builds $500k cnc mills isn't terribly concerned that they're going to be used for cranking out zipguns.  a company that builds $50 3d printers can be absolutely certain that "cranking out zipguns" will represent a sizable portion of their userbase.

clearly there's some legal liability concerns between the two that justifiably make the latter much more concerned about the use of their products.  being legal or illegal doesn't really have anything to do with it: as always, the only important question is "will this likely get me sued?"
it was a joke and was completly unreasonable. if you thought i was serious then i have news for ya, [this is the internet and it's...](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/27707862.jpg)
hey the $5 off for people who are under the limit is fine with me, as long as i can pay the $5 more and they don't cripple my speed at some threshold of "acceptable usage".  fuck at&amp;t
ok, we already have a telecom monopoly and they're raping everyone in the ass. your main argument seems to be that google will gain a monopoly somehow and then jack up the prices, which is not very feasible if you actually look at the math for a minute.

at&amp;t currently charges $3.55 per megabit(~70$/month @ 24 mbps). google's new fiber costs $1.50(70$/month @ 100 mbps). they've effectively reduced the price of my internet by 2.5x, or conversely, increased my internet speed 2.5x for the same price as at&amp;t. 

how is this a bad thing? isn't that the point of having competition? for google to become as bad as at&amp;t they would have to raise their monthly rate from $70 -&gt; $175 for it to be equivalent to what i pay at&amp;t. you can't just hike up service fees like that overnight, even assuming google would hike up the costs in the impossible eventuality that they gain monopoly. and even then, with a 105$ increase i'd be sitting in the same boat i'm in now with at&amp;t. when have you heard of a business more then doubling the price of a service in one fell swoop ever? your monopoly scenario is silly.

not all businesses exist to suck the lifeblood from consumers, and while google is a business they have demonstrated through their business practices thus far that they aren't just out to fuck me in the ass repeatedly. google is offering the type of internet these other companies should be offering, and they're going to get a fuckload of business for it because they've realized sometimes trying to rape your customer for every extra nickel and dime isn't always the best way to make money. it is completely in their interest to provide a better service for less money, because currently they are the best option hands for internet. there isn't anyone that can touch $1.55 per megabit. 

no one else is forcing telecoms to upgrade their services, google is. this cannot possibly be a bad thing in any scenario, and its great for consumers. att and all these other companies already have monopolies, now google will light a fire under their ass and force them to improve or fail. 
in movies they tend to suck even more
a physicist phd jd friend of mine once told me, when i was asking him about the next big technological breakthrough, that most breakthroughs are really just small incremental changes that have finally reached a efficient stage in their development where they can actually be applied in real life.

however, once every 50 years or so, someone in a lab stumbles across something by pure luck/chance.  one of those sorts of occurrences that propels humanity 50 years into the future overnight.  whose to say that it won't happen with fusion? 
it's a parody of a rap song.
embrace it, because the rich claim that everything they do is to help the "average american worker" fulfill his american dream.
&gt; "among the many misdeeds of the british rule in india, history will look upon the act of depriving a whole nation of arms, as the blackest." — mahatma gandhi

way to take a quote out of its original context and use it for propaganda. 

gandhi refers to the military force of the nation of india, stripped down by the british forces and leaving the country defenseless against any possible threat if the british ever decided to pull out. it does not refer to the possession of weapons for personal use.
so... it's illegal to build your own firearm then?
recap for those of us at work?
sarcasm?
you can still sell your homemade gun as long as you didn't plan to sell it at the time you made it.
thank you teenage engineering!! roland, korg.... you hear that? (i read that comment saying: ship it with spare parts!!?). i see the 3d printing parts as being useful in a long-run: it would be brilliant for vintage synths (usually bought used and not having all original accessories). parts are often hard to get; sometimes discontinued. if manufacturers don't want to service their old merchandise, they can just leave it in the hands of the consumers. i've seen the future and it's diy
so you're saying that this guy is only using this equipment for nefarious reasons?  
i do the exact same thing. i mostly gave up using tediore weapons after i kept wasting 10 shotgun rounds after firing one shot because of reloading since the gun killed most enemies in one shot. the only exception was a pistol which was so powerful i could reload it after one shot and one-hit full health goliaths on the same level :)

great idea, but i'm too used to reloading after engagements to make any real use of it outside of specialist situations.
the mpaa's report on the websites who host the most pirated material shows that megauploads was not even close to being the worse one out there.  the worst websites are still operating with out jail time.  
hoping for ipv6 becoming the new standard... if this is something they would discuss about ...
i have to say, this is quite kickass.
i know that.

but al's version is hard and awesomely rockin' with little musical resemblance to the original.
yup. link to the original article.

[gizmag](http://www.gizmag.com/graphene-semi-conductors/24346/)
as a guy who somewhat and unfortunately specializes in the harmful effects of rf radio waves i just need to get this off my chest.

to everyone who thinks that they are getting “nuked” by these power meters: 

you are all fucking morons.  you better not have a god damned microwave oven or fucking toaster oven or anything with a motor in it  in your house if you so fucking worried about getting “nuked”.  stop buying pos “emf fog meters” in an attemt to prove that i’m wrong.  

ah  sorry /rant.  

yeah the meters are fine.  although i once had the pleasure of seeing a family literally rip apart the inside wall of their house so they could put tin foil in to protect themselves from the meter.  

guess i should have said "to make a statement that these printers will never be able to make something" instead of "can't" meaning currently.

currently, i completely agree, the materials aren't ready.  

i restore sailboats and build a lot of carbon fiber and fiberglass/epoxy parts.  i also work with machinists and a lot of what we do is replace heavy metal parts with lighter vacuum molded objects.  

i never cease to be amazed at the durability and strength of epoxy cocktails, whether cf/glass doped or not in manufacturing.

my real interest in 3d printing is my dream of printing large scale boat hulls, and eventually full size 3d printed logs for log cabin home.  

i see no reason why you wouldn't roll up an 18-wheeler with a large scale 3dprinter, and a cement mixer full of resin and start kicking out full size lincoln logs on site.  

sears used to do it back in the twenties. you'd order a house out of the catalog and it'd show up on a rail car.  i know because i lived in one in tulsa.

thanks for all the input everyone.


i've never been upset with anything google has done with data internally. but they're a company, and they comply with government and policy requests for information. they're transparent about it (i'm not aware of any other company offering nearly as much statistics about the when and how of the disclosures they do.) and they try to fight it when practical, but they _do_ follow the law.

just something to keep in mind. i &lt;3 google. and i trust them with a _lot_. but i still don't trust them with _everything_.
when did this start?

my cetme has the serial number along the top of the rifle, the piece that houses the fire control group only has the manufacturer information.
come now, tell us how you really feel.
but how is increasing backpressure a parasitic draw?  it's not a parasitic draw, but a byproduct which is easily overcome by larger diameter exhausts.
what if someone prints a plastic fork and pokes their eye? even worse - consider all those 3d-printed things they could stuff up their noses!! this is an extremely dangerous technology and it must be heavily regulated if not completely forbidden.
[here](http://www.ebay.com/itm/bolton-tools-3-axis-mini-cnc-milling-machine-mill-drill-m4a1-5-hp-/380466742482?pt=lh_defaultdomain_0&amp;hash=item589595c4d2)    

anyways, the 3d printer this company repossessed is worth $50,000 not $50 so your point is moot. 
perhaps off topic, but at some point there needs to be an uprising towards banks for not protecting our money well enough. we have to pay to insure debit and other baking accounts. this is absolute crap, at what point did the banks get a free pass to use sub-standard security - bank cards are laughable and hacking card-readers seems trivial these days. the fact that someone can keylog our computer usage and blatantly transfer all our money to bangladesh without any red flags is discouraging. so the alternative is using credit cards for everything and having our purchase history sold to the highest bidder - actually, banks probably do that too... 

everyones fucked and they don't even know.



why is it such an idiotic idea? or, to ask it in a different way, how would you go about ensuring that *everyone* in the world with a 3d printer will agree to not make that one thing, and get them to stick to it?
it's your opinion  there is no sales figures or data on this at all if someone does not agree with your opinion  that is their choice it is not logical or factual unless you base it on something. look seriously people will disagree with you at points get over it it is not a problem they have now act like an adult and accept that we do not agree.
yes, me too.  this is amazing!
the real annon is anyone who says they are annon.
fuck everything about this... well, it may be alright. can they program in police brutality instincts?
sorry that i'm not up to date, but i don't pay attention to printers at all.

what is a 3d printer and what is the price range of one?
but now you're shitting all over the 1st amendment which guarantees their right to argue whatever they want without recourse. looks like we'll have to arrest, trial and execute you as well. 
glad you find it interesting. no worries about the questions. dog may have gotten started because he wanted the attention, but i don't know. there is a bondsman in my city that tries to do the same thing by giving ride alongs to reporters and getting his face on tv. the thing about dog is that he has a certain look which may have made him modestly successful where he originally was. then someone in the tv business was on vacation and saw him or saw him on tv, then thought they could do something with it. maybe dog hired an agent to get him noticed, i don't really know what got him his break. 

he may or may not know better. the cynical side in me says that he doesn't and this is how he is. my positive side believes that he knows what he's doing and the producers are pushing an image, which he runs with because he makes a lot of money off of it. i think by this point we all know that reality tv is anything but. 

many people want to be cops, but can't because they don't have the mental or physical abilities. other times, cops become bondsmen because they can make far more money doing it than being cops, plus they have connections in the police department to help them. one of the top bondsman in my city is an ex sheriff and he does very well.

i'm not familiar with dog's legal status, but in my state, you can't have a felony and be a bondsman without getting special permission from the department of insurance. it depends on the charge really. someone convicted for breach of trust isn't going to get one, but someone with perhaps a felony dui would probably qualify. 

many of those criminals aren't bad people. they have reasons for being in trouble, whether drugs, socio-economic issues, etc. there is kind of an honor amongst thieves. that and it helps to have a relationship with a bondsman for when you get in trouble in the future. my boss had a couple of clients that were second generation with him, both parent and child got in trouble and used him. most will actually pay too if you set up some kind of payment plan. we even had one where his wife came in an finished paying after he was convicted and sent to prison. many of these people aren't "bad people", they've just made dumb choices. also many aren't the brightest bulb on the tree, which goes to explaining how they got where they are. i would put dog on the lower end closer to the shady types than at the pinnacle of the industry, but he seems to run a legitimate business. he just doesn't do it in the best way based on what i have seen. what you see on tv and what happens in real life are two different things though. 

i've never felt my life was in danger, but i also stayed away from things like attempted murder, armed robbery, rape, etc. i may have cut out some of the higher bonds and money, but i also went home every night. the type to do stuff like that also tended to be the ones that tilted towards sociopathy, while most of the other stuff was just dumb decisions. 

i never saw or heard about anyone doing anything but run, but every decade or so, someone in my city gets killed trying to capture someone. it's not always the shady types though, it happens to good ones. the risk is higher than your average person, but there are steps you can take like i described in earlier posts that can help limit and minimize those risks. i value my life over $100,000. i'd rather let someone get away than die trying to capture them. 

self defense doesn't work when you bust into someones house. you're the intruder. that's why i was saying it's best to let the cops do stuff like that since that is their job and the law is on their side when the person has a warrant. they also have the training that most people lack. all the civil and criminal laws still apply to a bail bondsman picking someone up, although there tend to be laws that allow a little more leeway. but again, much of this rests on a case decided well over 100 years ago. the best way is to limit your risks and don't write sketchy bonds. from the cases i have read about, if a bondsman goes in and things go south, he or she would likely be civilly and potentially criminally liable. 

an example would be i heard about one bondsman who got sued when he went to pick someone up. she came willingly and they handcuffed her. as they were walking her down the steps to the car, she tripped and fell. she hurt her leg and ended up getting a few thousand from the bondsman. because she was restrained when being led out, the bondsman was responsible for her safety. now personally, this is very reasonable if you ask me, which is why it pays to be very careful when you pick someone up. the cops however have legal immunity from something like this where it wasn't done intentionally. 

we've had federal marshals call us about someone we had on bond and the feds wanted to make new charges on them. we would give them all our info, and help them find the person if they asked. 
sorry, these ideas are all failures, as you must have a phone. this makes no sense. [i bought this](http://www.amazon.com/schlage-be365vcam619-camelot-keypad-deadbolt/dp/b000njj1mq/ref=sr_1_sc_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1349197936&amp;sr=8-1-spell&amp;keywords=shcage+lock)

my entire family now has this lock, it's simple, the batteries last over two years, you can add and delete codes easily, it looks good, it's cheaper, more secure, can use a key if you choose and just makes more sense not to tie the lock to a phone. 
regardless of the heat transfer, that sounds like a good way to create a stress concentration. 
believe it or not, given the "debate" here, i actually did return and read the whole thing to see if *any* of my questions would be answered (or if *anything* of interest/use was present).  they were not, and the article was about something completely different (smart media consumption).  hence my annoyance and eye-rolling.  but it did kill time while my code was compiling, i will give it that.  

now i will return to the ether in search of science news (which actually i read for fun) or political news (yes, my one guilty pleasure, but i'd like to think it makes me a slightly more informed voter, for what that's worth).  oddly enough, i'm just not that interested in side-boob or celebrity gossip.  could be that i don't have cable . . . oh, and i do read al jazeera or bbc on when i run out of relevant reddit-links.  but i suppose mr. johnson wouldn't approve of me being informed about the middle east or world affairs.

edit:  added quotes (") around debate.
screw california. everything fun except weed is banned there
which is not good. 
explanation for the curious:

big-endian and little-endian refer to the order in which large numbers are stored in memory, analogous to whether you write today's date "10/2" or "2/10".  some cpus are called bi-endian if they can support either.

most powerpc chips are big-endian, and also have a "pseudo" little-endian mode (which was mostly normal little-endian, with some caveats when interfacing with external i/o devices).  mac os has always run powerpc chips in big-endian mode.

intel x86 and x64 are little-endian.  (not surprisingly, microsoft windows also ran in little-endian mode when on powerpc and other bi-endian processors, like mips and itanium.)

microsoft used to have a mac version of virtualpc, a virtual machine that let the user run x86 software, including windows, on their mac.  this program used the little-endian mode of the powerpc, naturally.

apple's "powerpc g5" chips (the ibm powerpc 970 series) dropped support for the g4's little-endian mode.  thus, for a time, microsoft's virtualpc wouldn't run at all on apple's newest macs.

microsoft never updated virtualpc for mac to run on intel cpus, so the program was effectively discontinued.

they are already tracking. how would this do anything but incriminate all those who see the page or donate to the fund? the time to act and change was 30 years ago, probably more. -.-
i have more friends on + than friends on twitter and facebook combined. then again i went to a tech school and hang out with google employees, so there is that.

fwiw i think the post on g+ are a bit higher quality. less personal bullshit, more interesting links to cool projects people are up to. probably just an knock-on effect of the types of people i use each service to contact though.
the artist tom sachs built guns, then sold them to nyc in their buy-back program, to finance some other projects he was working on. you could pay off that printer real quick if you did this, a 3d $ printing press. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tom_sachs_(artist)#career

http://www.indexmagazine.com/interviews/tom_sachs.shtml
try it this way, if you blow out of your mouth into the air... little effort. now blow into a baloon. you can still blow but the backpressure makes it more difficult and therefore requires more energy. same principle. you cannot take the exhaust and funnel it into an impeller to compress air and not require any energy to do so, that would defy the laws of physics.
you have a very witty user name.
thanks for the fix, edited.
ok, so lets go back to the root cause here. answer me this - why do we provide support to israel? a country that is fully competent to fights its own wars and feed its own people. why?
awesome! another iphone 5 v. gs3 article!
no, thats if we keep putting shit in orbit. space is alot bigger than orbit.
as long as we don't become the borg
san francisco has a huge number of filipino immigrants.
how does a blind deaf man take advantage?
really under-rated comment. i enjoyed it.
they're technically telling them what they think. this is just an attention grabbing, misleading headline.
most stores just require you to buy a heavily discounted, incredibly cheap, gun lock with any firearms purchase.  said locks are promptly tossed an a drawer somewhere and forgotten about.

considering that the last time i needed to remove one (a friend forgot to bring his key to the range) it took a pair of pliers and 10 seconds, those locks are truly doing their job.
because apparently for this particular company shipping was really expensive. so now they don't have to ship them.
i wish the city officially respond with one simple line. "pick another city and innovate motherfuckers."
their deal needs to be something like this, 'you implement it first and we'll be glad to cut you a deal' because otherwise they'll never implement it or snake their way out of implementing it.
i don't think pornography would ever been gone in america, it's too large of a business. 
nope. no point.
sure, how can it not be? they're just asking the phone company for that information. it's not like they're tracking everyone at every second of the day, your phone company is. when you use your cell phone, and the network, you agree to this. your cell phone company can use this information any way they wish, you've surrendered the right to privacy to use their network; in legal logistics this makes sense from that perspective. 
i'm all for the free internet, but they need to get their facts straight : tpb was down because of a power failure, it was confirmed by torrentfreak, they called them.
almost. a method for creating the mounting hardware for the focusing lens of a cutting laser. you might run into some trouble though trying to fit the ~1m laser tube into something handheld.
by force. a top down software with each agency only required to report information to the one above it, with the federal government being the end all recipient of everything. to the end user (at the high level) all pertinent information is there. withhold all federal funding and suspend right to govern for noncompliance
i was pulled over in north carolina for having expired plates. presented papers from dmv/dta and emissions check stating that i was provisionally allowed to drive the vehicle as i waited for a part to be delivered so that my vehicle could be retested for emissions at which point i could renew my plates. 

the officer looked at the papers and said, "i don't know what any of that means, here's your ticket." ~200 dollars.

the ticketing county was about 2 hours from where we live, we have one vehicle, i'm a full-time student, and my wife is employed full-time, and we have a young child in daycare. absolutely no way i can get to any court hearing under these conditions, but i decided to chat with a lawyer buddy anyhow. 

she said, plainly, that it would cost roughly 300+ in legal fees to contest the ticket, and that it is general practice at county, state, federal agencies to level fines small enough that it's simply easier to pay them than it is to contest them.
maybe i'm off for saying this but can i get a source on this "3-d printer". i'm just a little confused as to what it is.. maybe i missed something?
why? 
i hope they tell them to ef off and start providing an equally remarkable service before complaining first. after years if screwing over customers while they could've been innovating and improving someone finally comes it to make things better and at&amp;t and tw are shook.
you're looking around, yes? no one cares. they do have the "authority" to do this. the general population is perfectly content accepting its hand-feedings of mind-numbing entertainment, just like the coliseum. those who are "paying attention" are intimidated into inaction by cameras and the threat of ndaa and enemy expatriation..
this is why i only use tediore weapons when i want a shotgun. firstly because there's only ever 6 or fewer cartridges between reloads, so there's less wasted ammo. and secondly because i'm convinced that the shotgun's clip-grenade is bigger than the others. 
&gt;once 3d printing is perfected this is a gateway to the ability to manufacture a weapon for assassinations or other acts of violence.

 guns already exist, printed guns don't offer anything new.  besides manufactured guns it's extremely easy to make a one time use gun out of pieces from any hardware store.  

&gt;ideally, you would regulate bullets rather than guns when everyone starts maling there own weapons. this seems unlikely to happen.

completely useless.  you can just make your own at home.
tbh, google treats us like shit too, but then again we weren't their customers.

edit: sweet downvotes for google love.
exactly, the only reason to keep any of that private is for some fucking reason everyone thinks these things are good ways to use to validate someone's identity. remove that expectation and this is all fine.
then since you mention it, your wife will probably pay more attention than you to the warmth and softness rating of the light. happy shopping :d
thank you.  few people notice at all; let alone get the [reference](http://i.imgur.com/s2lgg.jpg).
i think we killed your website.
i was more referring to their use in non music situations. they need to kill off dvd (a glorified cd) creation for video games, computer programs, and data storage and finally switch to downloading games and possibly buying it on a usb if needed.
for the downloading if games and music, the only thing i wish i would see is especially for games the ability to "lend" or "give" to a friend. thereby you would not be able to play it while they "have" it and in the case of lending, if you have a stubborn friend, you can revoje their access to it and take it back.
a black guy would tippy-toe around the computers because these "white people paid too much for this."
i have to disagree. while domain names are useful and are a big business, the internet can still function without them. more or less, the people that own the internet are the 1st tier isps. they run the major backbone lines around continents and on ocean floors. with out them we would be, more or less, segregated star topology networks.
it's funny because if your printer ink doesn't last for 200 pages you get a "grey area" ... i'm imagining somebody trying to print a black 3d gun but running low and so they get a grey gun.
lawyer up, lockitron!
oh me so horny.
it will be fought long and hard as long as there is no legislation created by congress barring this inhumane treatment of citizens. i would like to think we could actually go on the offensive here, but this is the same congress that has renewed the patriot act 213451252 times now.
its actually torrentz.eu 
i know plenty of rednecks, they sound nothing like that.
i still dont know who he is
if you're putting on power before the apex of the turn, you're coming in too slow. 
just make it a ‘rifle’ problem solved 
ah i thought you were talking about the back pressure in the exhaust system post-turbo.  so are you saying that theoretically that the backpressure in the turbo exhaust manifold leeches power from the engine before the boost kicks in?  so if you had say, 2 motors, both same specs but one with a turbo kit.  at 0psi the turbo motor should have less horsepower than the naturally aspirated motor?
we should take notes from the [movie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1197624/) to see what he did.
fair enough.
so i guess we have the talking point they'll use against 3d printers...
sure... saw title through popurls aggregator and immediately starting thinking they hired some guy in a raptor suit who decided to go nuts for fun.. it was a sweet mental image... the words jumping and stomping only reinforced my delusion :p
the shock absorbing styrofoam-like material does that, fuckwit.
that's where wireless would be more beneficial.  if we could get more unlicensed spectrum opened up across a few bands, we'd see actual competition and improved services for less money.  
solid marketing move
hint:  no one is printing a barrel with a 3d printer.

also, go fuck yourself with that sanctimonious "for the children!" horseshit.
seems like it would be a great tool for lost wax casting.  especially for small or oddly shaped objects.
i've yet to see neutral journalism when it comes to privacy and technology. anything that compromises total anonymity is literally going to lead to a police state and probably genocide.
the day j-roc loses his flow
is the day that the hair on jim lahey's bald head grow
the internet is a mischievous place?

[this takes many less machinations to open your front door](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hr23tpwx8lm). especially when you consider most won't know whether you're one of the few thousand people on the planet whose door is using a lockitron. if someone wants in to your place, they're getting in.
"the primers are a bit more challenging"
yes, that's the point. you would cut off the most difficult part to obtain. originally, it would be the complex machined parts of a gun. after people can readily make that part you move on to something more difficult. doesn't make it a perfect idea.
and if the black market is involved then i do not see why you wouldn't just buy a gun as well.
alas, gun control laws: protecting you from protecting yourself from people that don't follow the law in the first place.
it will be soon. also, i don't think we have a world government yet, maybe you could qualify your statement with locale disclaimers.
the issue is that these companies are not really doing anything that will benefit anyone but themselves. the majority of the costs that google got waived or reduced were things in order to get them into the city without the 1-2 year waiting period it may have required otherwise. 

most of these benefits would help these companies very little, and the ones that do help them, only help by increasing their profit margin on what service they are currently offering.

these dinosaur companies will refuse to die or move on as long as they can and frankly all of the big teleco. companies will only be attempting this 'innovation' in places where google threaten their hold. once they are able to thwart google, (assuming that happens) then they will likely stop offering this type of internet and will not spread it around the nation.
he means you don't have to be physically present, either through your person or your key, to open it.
i think it's base damage x number of bullets in the clip. 
yep! i live in the south.. my door changes size/shape on a regular basis. that was the first thing that i thought of..
no no no no no. unless you are building a high end gaming pc, building a computer is definitely not for everybody.

i was a cs major and am currently in it. i just bought a mid range gaming pc from dell for about $1000. if i have any problems with any parts will will overnight me the part i need. i didn't have to buy parts separately and didn't have to waste my own time putting it together. i got my computer here and plugged in 6 days after ordering, which is far less time than what it would take to collect the parts on sale and put it together myself, hoping no parts were bad. 

if you enjoy making a computer that's fine, but there are definitely huge pros to paying a slight premium to get somebody else deal with putting it together, collecting the parts, testing it, and installing the operating system and backup. 
shall not be infringed means the government can jump all in your shit and companies can break binding contracts with zero repercussions if it deals in scary ass guns. 
keep in mind that older phones simply didn't get update (sure you can upate it, but not everybody want it/know how)
it doesn't do half of the shit this one does. it's not even close to the same product...
a 1gbit fiber line is nice because you're the only one using it. 1gb of wireless sounds good too... until you start to realize how many hundreds or thousands will be sharing it with you. better than nothing, but i doubt at&amp;t is ever going to let that happen. unlike with landlines, the city can't just sidestep them. it's fcc controlled.
well when you put it like **that**... i think i know the picture you're describing though. 
interesting idea. terrible name. 
non-borderlands players may get confused, thinking tediore is a real company. hah
in both of those circumstances i imagine you can give the police permission to do it without a warrant, the same way you can give 'permission' for them to search your car etc. 
they're $50,000 right now, but where will they be in 10 years?

the future, mr. gittes, the future...
&gt; this "gun show loophole" nonsense is nothing more than political rhetoric.

to an extent; but when in 37 states you can buy a gun with no questions asked as long as you both *nudge* *nudge* *wink* *wink* **say** it's a private sale; that's pretty much it right there.
take a moment to check out [cyclone power](http://cyclonepower.com/comparison.html ) this is a new company developing a rankine engine that will outperform a ic engine on cost and efficiency.   besides no oil filter or changes required or even a transmission.

&gt;google treats us like shit too

care to expand on that?

that's not the point.

the point is that charging today's smartphones costs next to nothing.
i would happily try it, if i had the equipment.
so questioning what the constitution means is an act of treason now? what is it with privacy that turns people into idiots on the internet?
i ctrl+f'd "in the line of fire" and found nothing. you should all be ashamed of yourselves.
what if you're kidnapped by a himalayan biker gang and are not a close personal friend of liam neeson?
there is no way att and time warner can compete with google's pricing structure. google is literally 30 times faster than either competitor and at nearly the same price.
and it's the judge's job to say, you know, i don't think so.
i was actually hoping to see that happen. 
pretty sure we all signed contracts giving up this information when we agreed to the cell phone plan...
ah, my mistake.  my brain transposed "undetectable" into "untraceable."

what i should have said was: 3d printers don't make "undetectable" firearms.  just the frame is plastic - the receiver (usually) and the barrel (pretty much always) must be made of steel.  same with glocks and other modern polymer pistols.
new jersey, the scam me state
google+ is the best social network out there by pretty much every standard, except popularity.

perhaps if google would market g+ more to the top demographic in social networking (college girls), it would be more successful. all they need to do is give away coupons for free smirnoff ice with g+ sign up and facebook would go under within a month.
that's kind of, you know, the point of a contract - that there are consequences for breaking it.
lock your keyless dead bolt from outside your house for added security.
patently false, yourself. you have absolutely nothing to support this.
&gt; alas, gun control laws: protecting you from protecting yourself from people that don't follow the law in the first place.

exactly, gun control only hurts the law abiding.  
"sure, just as soon as you provide your customers with google-fiber pricing/service."
haha back up on my end now! looks great!
are you accusing firearms dealers of making illegal sales?
as a tormach pcnc 1100 owner, that base model is something like $9,000 without bells and whistles. heck of a machine, too. there's also the smaller 770 for about $7,000. either of these is more than sufficient.

i still stand by the notion that i would *never* attempt to use a firearm printed by a 3d printer. i've asserted this in a number of other threads about plastic printed weapons, and i consider it absurd that people are that scared of them for that reason.

why on earth would someone spend tens of thousands of dollars on a machine that can print plastic guns that could be used only once and not particularly reliably?
wait, if something you print fails, you can sue the manufacturer of the printer? what if your design is defective?
add this for $1000 and you can do just about anything:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2-kdud7eia
corrupt justice system is corrupt is why i care

at 0psi the wastegate would prevent that. what i am saying is that if the turbo is fully engaged the horsepower minus turbo boost would be less than the same engine normally aspirated. nothing is free. that being said, you gain quite a bit and today's turbo-chargers are considerably more efficient. 
where do gingerbread (2.3.6) users fall into percentage wise?
here we go again. 
&gt; anyone who deems themselve as computer savvy 
rich yuppie students whose parents can buy them this kind of hardware instead of a better performing $500 laptop?
potential crime is not crime.  period.  until he actually sells them, there is no case.
yes, but he was planning on making a gun entirely out of plastic that would be undetectable by metal detectors, granted, the barrel only lasts for 1 shot
&gt; one of the bad states

&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

california, rhode island, connecticut, oregon, new york, illinois and colorado, hawaii, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, massachusetts, michigan, north carolina, iowa, nebraska, and florida.


a barrel is surprisingly easy to make.  go find an appropriately sized rod of appropriate metal.  drill out inside (don't forget to rifle it).

take printed rest of gun, attach barrel that you made with other machine.  tada... you have a gun - and if you spent enough on your other machine you still don't have to do any actual work, just hit the button on your computer that causes both machines to do the work for you.  yes, it isn't completely printed out, but it is still definitely feasible.  or, you know... you can just go buy a barrel (no checks needed to purchase one of the appropriate size, after all, a barrel isn't a firearm).
yes? i could be full of crap though.....
the simple fact is dvds are still cheaper to produce than flash media in every way.

i still remember how long it took companies to start putting content on single dvds instead of the multiple cds.

and now these companies are playing coy about blu-ray.
apples hardware, aside from the unibody shell and high quality screen, is exactly the same intel i3/5/7, nvidia/ati gfx card, and micron/samsung memory (though in a different form factor) as any other machine. ever since mac moved off of powerpc, the parts are all essentially the same as any other desktop. which is why building hackintoshes is so much easier these days, because i can buy off the shelf parts that mac now ships with drivers for. don't kid yourself, you are paying the apple tax. it's not bad hardware, just not better hardware (excepting again the shell and screen, which are quite nice but not cost justified).
i'm pro-socialist, i was just trolling. discussion of comcast brings out the worst in my character. 
like the muslims would make things any better if they took over from the catholics there?
that could be the case. that said, a shotgun has enough damage per round that even with so few rounds in the clip, it's gonna be big. 
so it's okay if only wealthy people are allowed to obtain weapons?
decimation, which is a low pass filter followed by downsampling, requires upsampling unless the factor is a whole number.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/downsampling
very cool. i like the bit about varoufakis telling his academic colleagues that he works for a video company. at first they scoff, but then moments later their imaginations are running wild.
&gt;google does not hold a monopoly on any service they charge for, so it is impossible to say their business practices are different from other businesses.

since when does a business have to have a monopoly to have good or bad business practices? they resist monetizing every service they have. they push open source formats across the board (android), i have yet to see ads in front of every video on youtube or a subscription fee for google maps. they have the opportunity to monetize all their products yet they have not and other companies have.

plus, you don't have to trust them, if they're slashing my internet price by more then half than whats the issue? you state that there's a possibility of them "gaining a monopoly" when what we have right now is a monopoly. if anything, google is helping to break the monopoly telecoms hold over the market currently.
turns out he went to the wrong store.  some guy shows up, says he's there to rap for them, then just starts wrecking shit.
but ip addresses are not people, and one court in the us agreed with this.
no way are you milling [this](http://www.brownells.com/userdocs/products/l_100004686_4.jpg) on a *$6000* 3axis cnc.

also, the project aim is to make guns on a makerbot replicator, which goes for around $2000.
good work!
i'm not claiming the process is difficult, just that it's not worth most people's time. 
crosspost to /r/homedefense
indeed. going from job a to job b may require a new skill set, and training for that will take time. or one have to move to a different city, nation or even continent. or one take a pay cut just to keep food on the table for the foreseeable future. there is a reason marx talked about a [reserve army of labor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reserve_army_of_labour).

ignoring where lenin and later took his thinking, and his convoluted thinking around factory machinery, marx had a more accurate description of capitalism back then than mainstream economics have today.
that makes sense.  i forgot about the wastegate.  i had a turbocharged car years back and spent too much time troubleshooting it.  quite annoying when you have to micromanage your egt's and a/f all the time only to blow an intercooler pipe after a hard run.  this is why i went to a n/a v8.
i read in another article about this printer that he was planning on printing a 100% plastic gun. the barrel would only last 1 shot before melting. 
you would obviously fix your door first before buying a $149 add on.
thrownupgrownup is confidentially wrong.  "3-d printing" aka fast prototyping can most certainly print out complex parts.  [laser sintering](http://www.electrooptics.com/features/feature.php?feature_id=80) for precision metal parts, inkjet processes for electronics, and [fused deposition](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fused_deposition_modeling) for polymer parts are some example processes.   
    
remember that 2 decades 1980-2000 was the time it took from desktop dot matrix printers to evolve into printers which made photo development labs obsolete for all but top pros.  a decade more of development 2000-2010 made options acceptable to the top pros.  
    
we are at least 5 years into affordable desktop fast prototype availability and things are progressing nicely.  
i couldn't stop laughing when i saw that.  then i immediately went outside to see how i could mount a banana piano to my wall.
i take it you never tried to contact google for support?

example: http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34880

paid apps don't have functioning widgets on jelly bean for 3 months now.

edit: wow, so is this a google pr campaign coming through or what? i provided links to actual support tickets where many people collaborate my claims and i am being downvoted on all related comments.
if you truly believe that, go ahead and fire the first shot
did you even read the fucking article? 
you should be able to see it here: https://lockitron.com/preorder
this is an awesome concept, however, i have a brown front door and i don't necessarily want a cream white box hanging on it. is there any possibility that in the future there may be different colored versions of this product to match different styles of doors?
technology of the 'wearable' parts of the turbos has improved at the rate as everything else with the motor. i, like many people, went to school to be an engineer because of my love of cars. in my high school and college years i was playing with force inducted motors from the imported jdm only market. (ca18, sr20, 4agze, 3sgte ect) so that being said, i've had to ignore much of my preexisting knowledge of turbo motors and the shortcomings of older turbo designs.
older turbo's had thrust bearings, which, if you taken one apart, were more of a sleeve than what we remember with our skateboards and rollerblades. really older designs were the 270* design which were known for their terrible longevity.
**disclaimer.** i have my bsme. i am a rep for the manufacturer who deals with dealer fixed operations (service, parts, body shop). before this, i worked at a dealer in the service department as a diesel helper until i graduated. after that i was offered a job with the regional office and have been a road-bound, dealer-cheerleader for the past four years.
so i do have some knowledge but i've never actually been a true engineer but i am immersed in the product and interact daily with ford engineers and technical dealer staff.
the amount of money spent on r&amp;d that the new motors in terms of reliability will blow minds. ford got burnt by warranty claims on the 6.0l and the 6.4l power strokes (produced by navistar). ford, with that ugly memory being fresh, has put forth the effort and investment before product delivery and the powertrain warranty claims have dropped off substantially.
so semi-tech, very short answer from what i know, which is really vague so take it with a grain of salt.
new turbos have modern bearings with larger in-housing oil capacities that take advantage of better engine oiling designs and improved oil lubrication. this and the cooling systems is designed for a turbo application.
and no, i did not drink the brochure driven, ford kool-aid. i do like the company i work for and feel they are leading the market with innovative motor designs. please do not put me in the class with the marketing reps that i deal with. they do sound like a talking, full color, manufacturer propaganda pamphlets.
reddit likes apple because if makes steve jobs advocacy look like malcolm x's
yes, lockitron works with nfc (and has since last year!)

we put a lot of emphasis on bluetooth 4 because that's one of our new features but we plan to keep supporting nfc because it's awesome.
check out [this little bastard](http://supermechanical.com/twine/).
why would a company draft a contract that included consequences for themselves unless they were forced to by the other party?  the other party in this case has no leverage at all.  they want a 3d printer, and their only options are to not sign and go elsewhere, or to accept the contract that includes a catch-all clause that allows repossession at any time.

look at cell phone contracts, software terms of service, every contract where one party has all of the leverage.  there's no real protection for the consumer in those - late fees, early cancellation fees, arbitration clauses, etc - it's all protection for the party with the most leverage.

there *are* consequences for breaking it - just not for the company.
i'd argue that downloading the games is far cheaper to the companies. sure they require servers for this but if they plan on selling lots of them, it would be cheaper in the long run. especially since the servers could be reusable.
before the sarcasm: i'm sure the vast majority of gun-show traders are legitimate, and follow the rules. in general, people are not bad.

now, the sarcasm! &gt;

come, come, now. i wouldn't suggest such a thing.

* gun regulation in this country is perfect. hell, it's over-adequate. 
* there's never anyone getting their hands on firearms that shouldn't.
* we're definitely not #1 in gun-related violence around the globe. 
* we certainly only have top-notch, grade a, honorable people selling weapons at trade shows.

i would never, ever, eeeeeeeever suggest such blasphemy! 
fast prototyped laser sintered stainless or titanium is the current, mature process you would use for this. 
his style is to sign a contract to promote a product for someone and then not do that? thats...a pretty retarded style. getting hired by someone to perform a service and doing the antithesis of that to generate publicity for yourself is pretty unprincipled. sounds like some paris hilton shit.
looks like used you can easily get one for under 10,000.  really nice used for under 15,000.
wow, people still use 'action' as a modifier for the news, huh?
it'd just be easier to steal or buy a stolen gun at that point. 
i was until i read this..
why yes, yes i do.©®
first time i hear of this, i thought they were just shooting plain metal projectiles. thanks.
i am enlightened.
pretty sure this is show on the inside.

&gt;florida

yeah, no.  the rest probably check out.  just not florida.
i was hoping that's what the image was. thank you for being cool.
if that ends up a patented implementation that google can prove was copied and that apple's implementation violates all the claims on, then more power to them if they sue.  until then, this is somewhat of a disingenuous reach that is redirection from the original argument.
&gt;especially if you can't get windows at a discounted price.

do utorrent?
the question has net positive upvotes and *one* person chiding the op for asking it, as well as about a half-dozen answers. i don't think we need to worry.
here's a bunch of studies backing up mr. thenuge26's claim about red light cameras increasing traffic accidents.

http://www.motorists.org/red-light-cameras/studies
&gt;&gt;balance is smooth, but fairly dynamic

&gt;here, he's saying that the way the two speakers produce the sound is rather even across the frequency spectrum, but might favor one over the other in certain situations.

so, the system has a flat response function across all frequencies? is that a good thing? what are the certain situations? isn't the response function fixed?

&gt;&gt;presence and sparkle 

&gt;he's saying that the older systems might sound a little more muddled. the precise highs and the way they're replicated sounds clearer on the newer systems.

what are the highs? frequency? amplitude? what? what does clearer mean exactly?

&gt;&gt;involving

&gt;the ability to lose yourself inside the sound.

that's a precise technical definition? 

don't most of these experiences have more to do with the amplifier, speakers and so on? isn't the player not that much more than a laser to read the bits and send that data on to be processed and converted to analog for the speakers? he doesn't say if he used the same audio setup other than the cd player.

note i'm not an audio expert but i am a physicist so i'm familiar with sound.
your mom, just like last night.  i hope her eye is doing better.
yea. it's like he goes somewhere with a bunch of people looking, makes a huge ass of himself, gets arrested, and is then like "look how corrupt the police are". most people who are famous are definitely not anyone worth idolizing.
 did you really not detect the sarcasm? -.-
just shows you how much att and time warner are robbing people. as soon as someone comes out with what prices should be they say they will do the same. but only for those who can get the google fiber....... they will continue to charge everyone who doesnt have access to google fiber the same ungodly amount. fuck these companies.
1968 in the usa, and the receiver is serialized on your cetme.  all is well, carry on.
this is fucking reddit. i have yet to find anyone mature here.
&gt; as some have noted, the shipping cost of the op-1 accessories is very high. this is because we can't find a good delivery service for small items.

usps anyone?  i'm pretty sure a little plastic piece could be shipped for a couple dollars or less.  or if that isn't good enough use ups or fedex.  more expensive but you get tracking.  let the customer choose which method they prefer, and if a customer isn't willing to pay shipping costs for an item then they don't need it that badly.

i'm betting most people would far prefer to pay additional shipping charges than to have to track down and secure access to a 3d printer.
how 'bout we build 2 less battleships and a few less warplanes and spend the money on national fiber networks. while we're at it, lets scrap the next aircraft carrier and build high speed rail networks for passengers and shipping. 
good luck mopping with the water running.
seriously dude, you know *exactly* what i'm talking about and you're purposely playing dumb. why do that?
mgk lyrics: "imma wild boy, imma imma wild boy". what did they expect???
actually, if they're leased (not bought), you do.

computer rental companies will come by and pick up the machine if they determine you're doing something illegal with it. most script kiddies are.

this printer was leased. they cancelled the lease because they didn't approve of how it was being used. if he'd bought it, it would have been his.
the government/cia/private security firms and their mafia friends hate competition.


right.  so he shouldn't be arrested.  but that doesn't mean they shouldn't put a stop to his project.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:cetmel.despiecebasico.png

is that similar to your firearm? 

if so, the portion with the pistol grip, trigger, and hammer is the fire control group. when the rifle is assembled, it is housed in the top part of the rifle as you put it, which is the part that has the serial number
apple doesn't use samsung screens anymore 
he should admit the actions are unconstitutional and refuse to argue it, which is doing his job.  his job is to uphold and defend the constitution, not some shitty laws and actions by criminals.
or smack somebody over the head with whatever's around.
["more of these kind of applications"](/r/automate)
&gt; the whole concept of getting a sales ban before you've demonstrated infringement is absurd though

it's not as simple as that, and you surely know it.  you can't just make a claim and get a sales ban.  preliminary injunction is not taken lightly, and that's what this whole issue with the bond is about: you have to put up an amount likely to cover loss if your claims are ultimately dismissed.

&gt; what should happen instead is the sales go ahead and apple could claim back damages based upon sales.

that's even more unfair in the other direction, giving the alleged infringer a foothold in the market and in mindshare.  i don't know what the solution is, but this isn't it either.
it gets worse, for example:

http://www.stenparts.com/tubes.html
&gt; laser network
most likely.  there are addons to use to make you seem like you are connecting from the us though.
ha! i honestly have no idea. i assumed it had a cost, but if you say it doesn't, i'll take your word for it. i do agree that it seems like a good idea.
it does seem like a astonishing idea but i have a genuine suggestion - get a car thief and see how long or if they can get in. not by using the phone but at the door using pliers and wire and so on. you spend a lot of time talking about how secure the ap is but i'm seeing nothing about what happens when you try to force it by hand and that's something that would worry a lot of people. 
i really wish shitty_watercolour was here...
at one time, it was easier to go to the library then it was to get access to an internet enabled computer.

i think that was... two decades ago (and all the time beforehand) ?

[these technologies](/r/automate) evolve quickly.
literate. my view is literate.
good to see this type of news finally making it out into the open.  these types of things have been around for a while.  they are becoming more widely publicized now though.  also easier to find.  

there is nothing to suggest that this man would be producing for the intent of selling the fire arms, at best it's r&amp;d to eventually move into weapons manufacturing. more reasonably, this is a hobbyist experimenting with the possibility of creating his own custom fire arms (which is not against the law).

the most reasonable explanation is this:

the manufacturer of the 3d printer is avoiding potential liability by assuming that what this man manufactures will (intentionally or not) hurt people.

the atf is eyeballing him to make sure that what he manufactures does not get sold.

in both of those cases i feel actions are reasonable and justifiable. the long term implications of these decisions and actions will develop future policy for 3d printing, so we'll see a very interesting new segment of law surrounding the printing and manufacturing of "controlled" devices from 3d printers.
apparently cobain is back. 
i am going to be honest - i don't think i have ever used bittorrent for anything legal. the closest is downloading a game i already owned, but which had a broken disk. 
have an upvote for being open minded
didn't even have the sound on when i chose that link :) but i'm sure i said it in my head just right just now.
will they get rid of rule 34?
&gt; hate me all you want, but you all know it's the damned truth.

actually, [the vast majority of the new generation don't naturally agree with or they willfully ignore copyright laws](http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2011/11/its-official-america-a-land-of-young-casual-pirates/).

so no, it's not the truth.
"*certain counties in florida require background checks on all private sales of handguns at gun shows.*"

[source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_shows_in_the_united_states)
i'll bite my tongue and forget that you're accusing law abiding citizens of being illegal arms dealers on the side, and respond as if you weren't just so insulting.

so lets see.  your solution is "require background checks on _all_ the sales!", but what is the problem?  it seems the problem as you sarcastically described in your earlier comment is that of private sales allowing firearms dealers to avoid background checks.  

that "problem" is not well thought out though.  if a dealer is just going to lie and say that a sale is a private sale to get around a background check, then why would they not simply just lie and say the sale never occurred?  they could even file the serial numbers off and give a full-package illegal sale.  all you'd be doing by requiring background checks on private sales is force them to use a better and more effective lie...
you stated it was difficult therefore admitting it is possible .... you do not seem rational
yes and no. maybe for you it is but for me i'm quite familiar with a few 3d packages i could make a neat automatic gun fitting in my shirt. something you can't even with a hacksaw. the benefit is that i may not have the knowledge of the engineering involved in building a gun but i do have sufficient knowledge about the software in the future required to do this. also i really can imagine that like now you download your movies via tpb in the future you download your .3ds guns. i might not be an engineer for this matter but i certainly can look at several guns to learn. heck it may explode the first time but you know what, i can just print a new plastic one.

though 3d printers may sound very cool they are potentially also dangerous.
dreamcatcher was [this](http://redd.it/10r989)
sadly this wouldn't work for my door. you have to push on it to get the lock to go in the hole.

great idea for working doors. goodluck!
just remember that google is still looking out for its own profits. the company is based on offering internet services, it doesn't take a gas station attendant to realize improving internet connections throughout the nation will benefit them.
but the owner no longer has his bike...that's the difference.

there's a reason copyright infringement and theft are defined as two separate offenses.
what about the glock 7? a porcelain gun made in germany that doesn't show up on xray machines and costs more than you make in a month!
you just did $5,000 of damage. i hope you have applecare. if not, you can buy it now for only $599 a year
no i don't know exactly what you're talking about.
so basically if someone gets into my wifi or steals my phone they will be able to unlock my house? cool idea, but i am way too paranoid to have my house's locks connected to the internet.
but but.. down pillow or 2 liter coke bottle is just as effective as a silencer according to every hollywood movies.
aim for the limbs, i got this. 
left house without phone charger... had to move.
anonymous is good at talking shit. like i know you can be like... "hey you. why y do that for... i ddos yuo site noaw" 

what i'm trying to say is don't fuck with the government. look what happened in the past... all the anonymous hackers are in jail now.

edit: looks like i hurt the fan boys feelings... seriously people who think anonymous can do shet.. go die. 
me to, only party except for "miljöpartiet" that cares.

dude, you got some crazy chest hair.  i'd go one less button, just fyi.
and its impossible to clean that up?
yea, i hate that people idolize jobs. i think the whole phone situation just kinda shows these people who think apple is flawless that apple is, indeed, not flawless. and you're right. they steal everyone's ideas and sue everyone when their stolen ideas are used.

and the only reason i use "stolen" as opposed to use, is because apple has clearly shown that they believe they own the rights to these ideas.
the real question: when can i download a car?
information is power and these people who style themselves leaders know that if information is being exchanged in a medium they do no comprehend, they will lose power. they are having a meeting on how to save themselves, not the rest of us. they're afraid of becoming obsolete.
they're talking about data transfer bandwidth, not number-crunching.
while i haven't seen their contract, this would not be a normal term in any leasing arrangement i'm aware of. imagine if your leasing company could come to your house and demand your car, or to your business and demand your servers. nobody would ever lease anything.
then you're dumb as fuck. 
woot!  thanks for letting me know about this.  didn't realize they updated that drastically.
&gt; if i steal a bike and only ride it for five blocks then dump it its still stealing.

intellectual property is not the same as physical property.

a bike is tangible. if you take a bike, the owner is less a bike.

a song is intangible. if you make a copy, the owner still has their copy.

that's not to say that copying without permission is perfectly okay to do. however, it's by no means the exact same as theft.

one could argue that the content owner is less the money they would have received had said person bought the song instead. contrarily however, they've only actually lost a **potential** sale, so it's just as arguable that said copier may well have never bought said song regardless whether copying was an option or not. additionally, this doesn't even account for instances where copying has lead to more sales by virtue of allowing potential purchasers to demo the full product before deciding whether it's worth the purchase or not.

copying is not the same as stealing. it's a murky grey area that has it's benefits and negatives, for **both** sides. right now you have content owners decrying copying, claiming lost revenue, yet being completely unable to provide provable tangible numbers of said supposed lost revenue. the issue is far more complex than simply one copy equaling one lost sale.
don't forget meth and the royals!
who is working on sex robots and when will they be finished?
fuck everything about this! 

on a side note now would be a good time to upgrade to the iphone 5. if the tracking feature the fed is going to use utilizes the same map software as the ios6...it's a safe bet they won't be able to find you.
you mean [this?(amazon)](http://www.amazon.com/philips-417048-dimmable-ambientled-8-watt/dp/b006ar8lx0/ref=pd_cp_hi_2)
there are also 65 and 75w equivalents in the related products.
i'll buy that for a dollar!
do you even know what the specs of the iphone 5 are? or are you just being immature? anyways, here is an idea look at [this in depth comparision](http://www.androidauthority.com/iphone-5-vs-galaxy-s3-benchmarking-which-one-is-better-117284/) of it verses many competitors. read it and decide for yourself, but anyone with a bit of common sense would retract the comment you just made.
again, like i said, i'm sure that most people who buy, sell and trade firearms follow the laws according to where they live. i do, the shop that i frequent does, and i've never seen an instance where i would doubt the integrity of the sales team.

now, you can go to google, and type "bought gun illegally" and find thousands of cases where someone bought a gun illegally at a show, to find that there are indeed douchebags out there selling shit illegally.

so, like i said before, not **all**, not even **most**, but there are some. you're particularly naive if you think that **everyone** dealing in firearms is 100% legit.
[asimo](http://asimo.honda.com/)
if it was a real company, you just remove the part about explosions and enemies from the comment above. 
the beauty of this google fiber if i remember correctly is that you probably will not have to pay twice as much...in fact...i think it's supposed to be far cheaper.
of course it does. you're using secret ip address magik after all.
it fits over your lock, so it is not less secure than just the deadbolt alone.
thanks so much for all of this detailed info.  it may be worth your time to see if an iama would do well.  if you do one, throw me a message and i'll ask a few more.

&gt;i'm not familiar with dog's legal status,

dog is an interesting dude.  his biography, 'you can run, but you can't hide' is actually fun read, in that trashy-reality-tv-guilty-pleasure sort of way.

dog has a conviction for first degree murder from back in the 1970s.  [link here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duane_chapman#legal_issues).  the story is sketchy, but his version of it has him sitting outside in the car when the whole thing happened, like every other innocent felon in the world.

because of this, he cannot own a firearm.  on a tangentially related note, he expresses a moral opposition to carrying guns on the job (similar to various fictional tv heroes), and instead carries a giant bear fogger (or something similar), and had his team equipped with pepper-ball blasters.

---

thanks for putting a human face on your clients.  it's good to know, somehow, that most of them are decent people who will pay their bills if given the chance.

---

my next questions would be things you probably don't want to tell me.  being a fan of shows like 'the fugitive', i've always wondered how best to elude capture, but sharing that information over the internet doesn't seem wise.

(aside from that, based on what you've said, the obvious answer seems to be, 'don't have anyone co-sign unless you *really* trust them.  the end.')

alright, thanks for your time!
easy way to reload a tediore without doing the grenade-throw: drop the weapon and pick it up before it hits the ground. this requires binding a key for dropping a weapon, but it avoids the possibility of the weapon falling through the floor.
great, thanks guys, now i'll never get a 3d printer :(
i'm not entirely convinced it would be that difficult to avoid using insulated wire.  i'm approaching this from a different point of view, though.  i don't see why you wouldn't consider it accurate to say, "i made a printer with a printer!," if you just have to add a few wires in order for it to work.
"[project narwhal](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/victory_lab/2012/02/project_narwhal_how_a_top_secret_obama_campaign_program_could_change_the_2012_race_.html)" :

*infiltrate reddit.*    i quote:


&gt;“every unit within the campaign had their little fiefdom [subreddit] and a chief. people were very proprietary about their [posts],”
soon he will be president.
or you could just push a button on your phone.  this is a convenience, and not everyone will justify spending the money, but some people can.
they should use [this](http://altfast.ru/uploads/posts/2009-01/1232455524_computer_virus_protection_s.jpg).
rollin' down the street/ 
usin' win-dows
i really wish this company had been around when i started college.
of course they're going to say this. anything to prevent loss of tax revenue.

keep humanity's progress at a halt you fucking swine.
i couldn't agree more with this statement. someone who is deliberately manufacturing weapons should be regulated in some manner and/or have a license. american civilians having guns is okay but not when they are stockpiling them.
why would you ever assume the government did anything.  if you didn't hear back from them.  it means they fucked up.  again.
seriously why do they suck?  they have had them for years in the uk and pretty much work ok.

that said it is a requirement that plates are a specific easy to ocr font here.  maybe that helps somewhat?
i respectfully disagree given the context, which makes me think you didn't read the whole article. 

an ad hominem attack "is an attempt to negate the truth of a claim by pointing out a negative characteristic or unrelated belief of the person supporting it". he's not a troll because someone felt like shutting down his argument by calling him a troll. nor is his being a troll an unrelated belief--his actions align perfectly with the definition of troll.

if the shoe fits...
would this be compatible with the key, as in, could you still use the key say if your phone broke? that would be really convenient as a back-up option, say if you don't want to use your phone.
my point is that it's naive to think that saying "you must run a background check illegal arms dealer!!!" is going to do anything at all.  
good god, not this nonsense again.

&gt; i am not sure, but i believe he was referring to how the first apple computers were cut and paste xerox machines with a few improvements and lower price point.

no, he was not referring to that *at all*.  look at heyyoudvd's post.  you've taken the quote way out of context.

&gt; later, steve goes on to say this...

&gt; “i will spend my last dying breath if i need to, and i will spend every penny of apple’s $40 billion in the bank, to right this wrong... i’m going to destroy android, because it’s a stolen product. i’m willing to go thermonuclear war on this.”

yep, he believed android was a stolen product, but not only is this not any sort of revelation, but it's completely disconnected from your first quote, *as well as* totally irrelevant to this case.  *samsung* was on trial here, not android.  *samsung* copied apple's trade dress and tried to mimic the iphone as close as possible.  *samsung* refused licensing terms on the relevant patents.

&gt; it is relevant, because this hypocrisy is one reason he is "happy that the ban is lifted"

it's not hypocrisy.  sorry.

&gt; and the unfair bit? i believe current patent law is ridiculous, and it's not an unpopular opinion

so what?  how does that make it unfair?  are you going to make any sort of case?

&gt; is the current system fair? largely debatable.

so what's the debate?  i hope you wouldn't be claiming that abolishing the system would improve the situation.
you should make this compatible with android's nfc or at least bluetooth or wifi.
i would gladly pay $150 for a banana piano.

i'm so glad it doubles as a remote door locker if you need it for that too!
streisand effect incoming.
interesting post
ya, maybe for a specialized highly precise rifle.
i can't imagine making a simple barrel that would fire a bullet is that terribly difficult, considering it's been done for hundreds of years...
seriously, my jimmies were getting slightly rustled reading this dude speak so casually about blasting people hahaha no wonder he's talking about 
borderlands.
love it, especially key less entry. definitely getting one 
aren't you an apple fanboy. i read the iphone 5 specs as soon as they were released. when comparing it to quadcore phones that came out months before the iphone 5 came out, it doesn't stand a chance. tell me in which sense doesn't the s3 destroy apple? and if you say "ios is better" you should shoot yourself
i wish the federal government could "suspend the right to govern for noncompliance" but that's not how this country works and it would seem awfully petty to threaten to withhold education and transportation funding just to make it easier for the citizenry to see their info in a collected fashion. 

in addition, the states are independent entities in many respects and, unfortunately, how their data is formatted and stored is one of them. creating a chain of reports from municipality to federal level is an enormous task if you expect the data at the top level to be standardized in any way, shape or form.

if you want this sort of interface, the first thing we need to do is to enforce some level of data standardization between all of these entities.
1. name one county in florida that actually has that law passed.

2. it's only at gun shows.  walk outside the gun show and you can do it perfectly fine without a background check.  that is true of several of the states on your list.

edit: 3:  that law apparently doesn't exist in the laws anymore.  the sources cited by the brady campaign are **fla. stat. ann. §§ 790.065, 790.23, 790.233, 790.235**, none of which mention anything about a non-licensed person requiring a background check to sell a gun at any location.
i sadly haven't been able to play bl2 yet, but i know i'm going to have a sharp learning curve with tediore weapons because of my habit of reloading as often as possible. 
i just don't like this because you sound like a pretentious douchbag in your title. also i have a key it works fine and i know how to lock my door when i leave. kkthxbai
yeah... but then it'd just turn out to be one shitty cable modem.
is it selling or distributing? hypothetically would it be legal for me to give these away for free?
you must have a phone capable of text messaging. if you don't have that, i'm not sure what century you are living in.
the way it works in the uk, is that every infraction is reviewed by a police officer.  he then has to send a notice of intent to prosecute (nip) within 14 days of the alledged incident.
dude this was two months ago... get a life man.

and to answer your question, most pc game companies leave it up to the user to host servers, so they don't have to pay for servers. pretty simple concept. microsoft live has a lot server load from their own servers that microsoft has to pay for, thus the monthly fee. microsoft live has extremely heavy voip servers they have to maintain and the only way for them to implement that and still have a successful business model (yes businesses strive for profit) is to charge monthly for xbox live. do they charge too much? probably, could they get away without charging at all? maybe. are a vast amount of people willing to pay for monthly for xbox live because it is the best social interface for a console out there? definitely. so why wouldn't microsoft charge monthly for their service?

supply and demand. learn it.
and stop being a prick.
it's not okay, but romney would do it too.  
i forgot that we live in the future. are there jetpacks yet?
or runs out of battery
i'd show up at the judge's house, teach him a few lessons in being competent.
since you blatantly ignored what i said i'll copy paste it for you.

&gt;at&amp;t currently charges $3.55 per megabit(~70$/month @ 24 mbps). google's new fiber costs $1.50(70$/month @ 100 mbps). they've effectively reduced the price of my internet by 2.5x, or conversely, increased my internet speed 2.5x for the same price as at&amp;t.
how is this a bad thing? isn't that the point of having competition? for google to become as bad as at&amp;t they would have to raise their monthly rate from $70 -&gt; $175 for it to be equivalent to what i pay at&amp;t. you can't just hike up service fees like that overnight, even assuming google would hike up the costs in the impossible eventuality that they gain monopoly. and even then, with a 105$ increase i'd be sitting in the same boat i'm in now with at&amp;t. when have you heard of a business more then doubling the price of a service in one fell swoop ever? your monopoly scenario is silly.

if you think its feasible for any business to double the price of a product and have it go over well with consumers you're an idiot. now add to that the fact that even if google doubled their price you'd still be paying 30$ less then you pay now. 

i really don't understand what you don't get about this. we have a monopoly right now, but you're worried about google offering extremely competitive prices for a quality service. this is the whole point of competition in a market, to force your competitors to compete with you. it's honestly not even worth addressing your monopoly argument because that's some conspiracy nut shit right there. at&amp;t, time warner, and comcast aren't just going to drop off the map and sell everything to google.
outside of "neat-o!" points though, who cares? someone can print out a low quality-temporary part and surround it with hundreds (thousands?) of dollars in normal firearm parts to have a firearm....that's unregistered i guess? awful lot of work to avoid filing off a serial number. 
certainly as popular as the 2d printer, anyway.
you obviously didn't read the article did you? on the bright side it's from android authority!
&gt;i live in the south.. my door changes size/shape on a regular basis

it sounds like you live in another dimension.
so you aren't doing the warlizard gaming forums thing, but you are doing took an arrow to knee? just trying to get my story straight.
this idea won't work who would pay $150 to unlock a door from a phone 
you already have the key probably located in the same spot as the phone and they take about the same amount of time seeing as every time you would need to type your password go to the app and open it. it's just way overpriced
with convenience comes vulnerability. what would stop someone from reverse engineering this and crafting an exploit for the lockitron it's self or for the device used to interface with it?


i love internet constitutional scholars.  please, enlighten me on how arguing that cell-site records are merely business records created and stored by a cell phone provider in its ordinary course of business should result in a person's execution.  
no, but you can make a working aluminum ar lower using a drill press (~$1000).  

sorry broski.  

edit:  typo, but $1000 would buy you a baller ass drill press.  a $150 one would suffice for this project.  
i'll have to ask my landlord about fixing my doors.
did she even shoplift? looked like a magazine.
and why should any american feel completely safe online anyways? if its not malware and criminals its isps and gov snooping for dirt . to lower online risk, lower your online footprint . 
i just did. regardless, all i am saying is that this hype with the "new" iphones is way overrated and unjustified. they have ridiculously good marketing though
i don't believe they do at all?
lets just call it quits and surrender then... do what they want us to do, eat junk food, buy dvds and fuck with rubbers so we don't breed any more than we currently do. 

doesn't it strike as odd that every other species that is alive fucked condom-less throughout history. 
&gt;a 1gbit fiber line is nice because you're the only one using it

not true.  it may be dedicated to you up to the co, or to one of the pops in the metro, but it's by no means dedicated.  the internet is only possible through multiplexing of data... packet multiplexing is highly efficient.

what would be nice is 10-20 mbps service out to rural areas... forget 1 gbps, it's nice on the burst, but you have no sustained applications which will use it other than seeding torrents.  this is all doable using technologies we have today, we just need spectrum to effectively deploy it.

&gt;i doubt at&amp;t is ever going to let that happen. unlike with landlines, the city can't just sidestep them. it's fcc controlled.

agreed.  which is why i would favor the fcc freeing up massive amounts of the spectrum and releasing them back to the rightful owners, the people.  i realize that the current license holders love their duopoly status, and it's backed by government, and is unlikely to change much...  
thank you. lol.
put that ember out.
hackergruppens!

i like this.
you sir win under-rated deep comment of the day.

and then you'll get a resume from a guy in india "hello my name is rashmir narjadeeling, i make 15 years esperience in the space mining. i deliver highest quality space mining, to hire me please email rashmirnarjadeeling@gmail.com"
aw poor baby, got too frustrated trying to actually present a lucid point? it's ok i'll forgive your little tantrum. my point was this: if you dislike microsoft, then stand on your principles and don't enter a business agreement with them. if you don't care one way or the other and your "style" is just to be loud and contrarian and say things that get people riled up, then using a company just so you can get some free publicity is one of the lamest least real things you could do. he's either unprincipled or an attention grabbing whore.
i attended the makerfaire in ny over the weekend.  it was pretty much a 3d printer fair this year.  makerbot had their replicator (1 and 2) in almost every tent.  i would guess there were over 20 manufacturers displaying printers.
as someone who recently replaced all our cfl bulbs with led bulbs i can say that they are far superior. i am awaiting the bill to really see the difference though.  
it's "free" for seven years if you pay the $300 installation fee. this level of service is the speed equivalent of cable, not the super highspeed version. then there's a couple of other options that actually are more expensive than cable, but offer the super high speed service.

so yes, i could get it "free" for seven years by paying $25/mo for the first year to cover the fiber to my house, but i'm probably going to go with one of the better packages.
and 10 percent of americans are mac users. 
having read the article here is what i took from it. 

more expensive and less powerful then a macbook air, even if you factored in bootcamp/parallels. also they are projected to not even sell 25% of the sales they expected. 

so they already fair off worse then current existing technology. 

actually you could buy a tablet and bluetooth keyboard and it would still be cheaper then an ultrabook, and do most (if not all) of what you need. 
i wouldn't call it a small area, but it is true that it's just the urban core of kcmo and the whole of kck. none of the suburban parts of kcmo are included.
&gt; answer a few **key** questions.

the guy designs a lock and you argue about keys?
right, so then only wealthy people should be able to obtain them easily? why should we want it to be more difficult for poorer people to obtain weapons?
if "metalstorm" is what i'm thinking, it falls under the nfa of 1934. 
oh no! now the police will know when i leave my house and what movie theaters and stores i go to! everyone panic!!!
that would make my day.
i can't understand why google is not including southern johnson county in this. won't there be a lot more people willing to shell out the money in the more affluent cities in southern joco?
it has outscored all other competitors in almost every single category.. how is that overrated? 
is this seriously an idea?  i can't imagine a less safe way to lock your house.  
actual ocd people will not be affected by this. they will still need to check it x# of times. what if the thing doesn't work or the app/computer is false ect.  now if you're talking about the geeky facebook girl who has ocd then....yeah
*generally* this is true, but is not always the rule. take a look at the fn scar, acr, and fn fal. the *uppers* are the serialized part.
that world is long gone...
this is a valid concern but in detail-light articles like the op it's hard to say. the last time everyone was up in arms about 3d printing and guns, it was a guy printing one specific part of an ar-15 (the receiver, above)

apparently this guy was printing pistols? so what parts, exactly, was he printing? 
show me the barrel.
iirc, someone finished an all plastic rifle but the barrel only lasted a shot or two before melting
considering a 3d printer requires a computer to be useful, i'm going to have to call bullshit on that one.
and here i thought they would just be used for making bongs.
i'm not worried until terrorists figure out a way to print working bob-ombs.
have you been seeing the trends?  in approximately the last 5 years, 3d printer prices have been plummeting!  you can get a small hobbyist printer for about $1500.  obviously we have some time to go, but once these things are a few hundred or less, who wouldn't want to be able to create all the little bits of plastic that make our household devices/appliances work for pennies, instead of dollars?

not today, but soon...
say i get home and my phone is dead. would i still be able to use my key to turn the lock from the outside with this installed? 
of course i meant underestimating our laziness.  you took that completely out of context.
yeah, the drilling and rifling are the hard parts.  knowing the appropriate metal is something you can look up.  people who've never done something always think it's easy.

a gun drill and rifling machine are expensive and complex.  easily more expense there than a really nice 3d printer.
this just sounds like poor customer service to me.
problem with those people is that they'll be fiddling with the app constantly. "lock on, lock off.  lock on, lock off."
listen to black eyed pea's "today's going to be a good day" while stabbing yourself in the eyeballs and that's pretty much sums it up. 
it could have been engineered for the reverse effect as well - namely, microsoft reinforcing the family friendly image by taking the high road after an incident like this. mgk gets press, microsoft can play innocent, there's a takeaway for everyone.
it wouldn't be mounted on the front door.  think about it. that part of the lock goes on the inside.
a little education on the topic would solve that.
well if you're going to jump to the physical world the guys with the most nukes own the internet then. and pretty soon mesh networking will start working if for no other reason than economics.
coincidentally, that's also generally the percentage of the first world using windows as their operating system...
i think people would take them more seriously if they got some better video editing. that intro looks like something out of a beginner imovie class. and the sound fx...
article? 
and when 3d printers begin to make bombs... is your argument the same?
that or you do what people did when they lost their keys while out. call a locksmith or break in in other ways. your device to make rare-ish shitty situations any worse, but it does make everyday situations better.
nope, only if you build one that falls under the purview of the nfa (sbr, aow, sbs, mg, dd).  and even those (except mg) you just need to file for a tax stamp.  but if you avoid those no-nos, you don't need any paperwork.  
if you look at his link, you would see that your 'superior hardware' gets smoked in most benchmark tests. lol sucks to be an android fanboy who consistently has to watch their supposed newer hardware unable to keep up with the iphone. but i guess when you are a sucker for numbers that don't actually mean anything, i guess that is what you have to live with.
one of these days someone is going to publish an article that will accurately explain to people that bittorrent is a protocal to transfer data not much different from a medium like radio or televison. it is time to stop blaming the messanger for the message. 
a printer deposits ink and moves back and forth on an x and y axis to "build" an image or text.

a 3d printer does the same thing only it movies on an x, y and z axis. it can also use materials other than ink. the material gets stacked up and forms a 3d object.
we threaten to withhold federal funding for other things, like for compliance with alcohol laws. state's rights is really a moot issue at this point, the only ones who cling to it are the ignorant and those crookedly benefiting from it.

in terms of data formatting, it doesn't matter how they store them. each entity just has to have a method for converting their format to the next link in the chain.
based on what premise? you've already been fucked over by the telecom companies, what has google done as a service provider, a service that you have paid for, to alienate you as a customer?
yet people call those of us that are resistant toward government interference in our lives "paranoid".  
it's too long. under no circumstances should a work be under protection for longer than 20-30 years. i lean towards the 20 rather than the 30. 

it's too strong in several ways. first, it should never be granted to those who pursue technological protection. you can have drm or copyright, but not both. it's also too strong in that the criminal sanctions are absurd. casual infringement should never be subject to more than double the retail cost of the works in question. if the album cost $15, they can win a judgement of $30 against you, but no more. criminal penalties should be commensurate with other white collar crimes. if some bernie maddoff wannabe is only getting 2 years and a $10,000 fine, throwing a college kid into a dungeon for 25 years with a million dollar fine is beyond the pale.
no, an ar lower receiver hardly takes any pressure.  
hide the kids and the wife, there is a dangerous world out there, better ban everything! we might just be safe if everything potentially dangerous is just taken away from us.
what happens if someone clones your phone? now the person who hacked your phone not only has all the data on your phone, but now they can come in and rob your house when ever they feel like it.
but it involves computers and i'm old so i don't understand those thingermajiggers
the scary part of this article is that there are only 10% that realize that the internet will never be entirely safe...
yeah i would way rather choose bluetooth battery drain and always having to keep my phone on me, than spend two seconds putting a key in my lock. especially since one would always carry the key as a backup.

i'm not sure where people put there keys now a days, but i could dig out my key and turn the lock faster than digging my tight pockets for my cell, unlocking it, launching an application. then turning a virtually unlocked dead bolt. 

edit : autocorrect spelling...
perhaps i miss your point, but the lawsuits are a *direct* consequence of the patent system. without the system, there could be no such lawsuits. the question we have to ask ourselves now is: does the patent system do its job? is it still necessary? as i understand it, the only reason to have a patent system is to discourage corporate secrets. since corporate secrets are still rampant, it might be argued we'd be smart to do away with patent entirely. 
no, especially not sintered titanium.  you might be able to make a really thick barrel that would last a few shots.  barrels are made out of hard, strong steel.  the shape of the rifling is not easy to produce, and for any kind of long gun, a special drilling machine is needed.
yes, sorry, as a new father it's kind of important to me now. 
3d printers are boring. when are we going to get [nanofactories](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqyz9bfl_qg)?
i went through 2 years of college with that "better performing" $500 laptop...trust me students are better off w/ an ultrabook.
&gt; first, as a law abiding citizen, they aren't interested in your whereabouts

if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to worry about?  garbage.


*article describes iphone 5*

*shows leading photo of iphone 4s*

bravo.
democratization?  i fail to understand what a government run by it's people has to do with outsourcing replacement part manufacturing to small manufacturers.

go home, you're drunk.
if the gun is undetectable how will they know you have it?
i came here to say that. fuck me.
here's the thing: neither tw nor att are offering the city the same deal, so why should they expect to get the same or similar deal?

what has basically happened here is that google allowed the city to negotiate a favorable deal on behalf of its residents.  in essence, by waiving or minimizing certain permitting requirements and installation costs, the city got its residents a connection-cost only deal.   so long as the per capita saving to each resident is greater than the costs waived or reduced, then the city did its job.

i doubt very much that at&amp;t and tw have the same thing in mind.
if we assume a 1-dimensional line, with one end being total anonymity and the other end being a totalitarian police state, then every step *away* from anonymity is a step *towards* a police state.
in my mind and what i've seen come out of the 3d printer at my school, this gun would only be a model. it wouldn't have any functional parts. unless the guy was planning on modeling the parts and fitting them together after the fact. this just doesn't seem to me like it should be as big a deal.
i completely agree with you but shouldn't this apply to other areas as well? if it is obvious to us that the gov is made up of corrupt morons who shouldn't be making decisions about topics they know nothing about then shouldn't nearly everything be decentralized and be in control of the individual as opposed to top down forced solutions ? 
is the internet making at the minimum libertarian arguments and perhaps even anarchic arguments make more sense ? 
i home time warner goes out of business and their children develop crippling drug habits
the same can be said about printing guns.  good luck printing a proper rifled barrel.  
that leads me to this question: is that officer held accountable for bad calls when issuing tickets based on footage he/she reviewed? and does that officer have to appear in court if someone pleads not guilty to the ticket?
april 25th 2012? i knew i had read this before.
*(he's quoting good will hunting. and stewie)*
business isn't about what should be done. look at what's done with consoles (games as refills) and printers (ink as refills) and you'll see many companies willing to swallow some cost of the device for the opportunity to screw customers on years of unforeseen refills.
ah yes, because you were never an innocent child that could be thrown into a situation out of your control, like a man with a gun in a place you thought you were safe. aka: planes, govt buildings, public events etc... 

as a new father, yes this concerns me. because in as short as 5-10 years this shit could be everywhere. 
just spent an hour reading different discussions on that website. 
we call this confirmation bias. *you* already bought one so you are not going to be inclined to accept arguments against them.

nothing in this article contradicts anything you said and vice versa. just because you are using one doesn't make them a good value over many other products. of course it *can* be used, that doesn't make it a good product.
what happens if the power goes out and my wifi router shuts off?
even if he sells them, what's the crime? "engaging in free trade"
this. it's like what the airlines do: if a new airline starts offering cut-rate prices, the other airlines match the prices (to remain "competitive") but only on the same routes. they continue their price-gouging tactics everywhere else.
damn, i had an idea for this about 6 months ago, never got the money to start building a prototype. this is the expanded version of exactly what i was planning on making, starting off with an rf signal, then upgrade it from there to use with mobile phones and remote computer access.

looks great, might buy one once i get money to spare.

edit: wow, you people downvote for the weirdest reasons...
i actually didn't know that. if you buy a laptop from a retail store, you can download windows from microsoft for free? i guess i never looked for an authentification code. 
yeah you're right, i just lunged at him with a knife but didn't stab him. there is no case.


oh wait, you're wrong in every substantial fashion. shame that.
in this article they are focusing a lot on comparing it to older iphones. also, the s3 was tested with ics, which is slower than jellybean, which in itself is optimized for multi-core processors. so in essence, not all of these benchmarks are correct. and i did read the controversy section as well.
your link has nothing to do with how megaupload was out of control with piracy. this isn't a debate about if we think pirating is ok or not.
if 3d printing takes off, and it will, this sets a very scary precedent. especially for more civilised countries where firearms are very illegal, homemade or not. 
viruses, yes. bugs, no. it was never once claimed that apple products are 100% bug-free.
metalstorm guns would be a nfa no-no, because "they can be readily adapted to full auto".  atf is against electronic firing mechanisms for the same reason.  

before you try to make sense of it:  it doesn't make sense.  
what laws are these and what do they apply to?
for those of you not getting the reference, john malkovich's character in the 1993 movie '[in the line of fire](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107206/)', staring clint eastwood, makes a composite pistol (basically plastic) for the purpose of getting it past metal detectors in a plot that involves the president. for this reason i could see why certain organizations would be concerned about people being able to do this at home.
the earth does cast a shadow on the moon during a lunar eclipse (as seen from earth). i suppose that's a solar eclipse from the moon, with the earth doing the eclipsing. anyway, it goes as dark as night on earth when there is a solar eclipse, so as there is no atmosphere on the moon, i'd expect the area of shadow to be even darker than here.  

it would still be lit by starlight, but so is the lunar night-side usually.
&gt;why the fuck isn't there a nationwide website where i can log in and see my taxes, my tickets, my everything, etc? its 2012

i'm not sure i'm comfortable with all my information being in one centralized place like that.

now if you'll excuse me i need to go post exactly what i'm doing at this moment on facebook.
i suspect it's possible to print a fully functioning weapon. it would be crude but you don't need much to fire off a single bullet.
let's see...pay $8 for ups shipping or pay $1500 for a 3d printer...i'm gonna go with the $8 option.

five years down the road i may go the print my own route.  but not today.
&gt;the entrenched telcos have been sitting on their collective asses for years enjoying the ~~near-~~monopoly...

ftfy
it seems everyone thinks we are americans. over here, europe or se asia guns are far less common except for sports/hunting. we can't go to the grocery store and get one. we can't just steal a gun and so on. so instead of considering everything is dangerous, let's not try to make it as dangerous as it is for example in the states with a huge amount of deaths yearly thanks to free guns.

again, i'm not advocating to ban 3d printers but we should realize what we bring on ourself with them. sure you can print cool prosthetics, chemical models but also a very easy of allowing everyone a gun which certain countries consider less pleasing.
[this](http://www.ebay.com/itm/new-3040b-router-engraver-engraving-drilling-and-milling-machine-cnc-u-/250953621434?_trksid=p3284.m263&amp;_trkparms=algo%3dsic%26its%3di%26itu%3duci%252bia%252bua%252biew%252bfics%252bufi%26otn%3d21%26pmod%3d310412600062%26ps%3d54) machine could mill out an ar lower receiver without a problem. less than $1000

edit: fixed link
except that it affects verizon users.

edit: never mind. received independent confirmation that some at&amp;t users are seeing it, too.
&gt;someone who is deliberately manufacturing weapons should be regulated in some manner and/or have a license.

why?

&gt;american civilians having guns is okay but not when they are stockpiling them.

why?
of course, there are many unwholesome uses for a one time weapon which needs to go through a security check/metal detector, and where the bearer doesn't mind being caught or killed after firing it...
as someone who has worn and loved a casio databank wristwatch for the past 15 years, i like this article. however the title op picked is...sorry, pretty bad. better would have been the article's title... **"google patents smart watch with flip-up display"**

still upvoted, though.
i think they'll be about as popular as tools like cordless drills, common, but not as common as 1+ per every household as the computer is today. 

i see the most common applications of the 3d printer to make parts and tools like screws, bolts, nuts, and wrenches. also custom applications for nearly everyone including fans and parts for building your own pc, to making parts for car interiors and exteriors. so i can really see this taking off.

personally i don't even own a personal paper printer, i go to local places that'll print what i need. i see this happening with 3d printers 
i own a 4-axis cnc mill, and a cnc lathe.  i don't have the necessary equipment to make the barrel.  i plan on buying a barrel blank and making a replacement barrel for a gun i own.  i'd also like to build a gun from scratch, less the barrel of course.  none of those are simple short term projects.  certainly not "push-button" easy.  if you want to see what's actually involved in making one-piece of an ar-15, read this: 

http://www.cncguns.com/projects/ar15lower.html

keep in mind, he doesn't show creating the tool path from the model, which is not only a huge amount of work, but also requires software that runs 5 figures.

everyone thinks cnc is a magic bullet, and once you have a machine you can make anything with ease.  that is false.
or take "donations" and gift the guns
isn't that the exact deal that they made for landlines that has caused so many problems?
why does the bluetooth sensing only work for iphones? androids and windows phones have bluetooth too...
can you sue hp because a contract you printed off had a loophole?
have you let your local representatives know how you feel about this?
very few websites can take reddit taking a peak at it.
the 4th amendment only protects privacy rights that society recognizes (not what an individual personally believes).  you have a right to keep the government out of the items in your house, but once you put them in a trash can on the curb, the government can start rooting through it.  justice is arguing that because a cell phone user is voluntarily transmitting location data to the cell phone company, there is no privacy interest violated, since the user is relinquishing exclusive ownership of the data to a thrid party.  
its a common part of eula's and phone/cable contracts.
well the major difference here is that the quality of your deadbolt is the only part on the outside of the door. at least in terms of physical access to the door. with the article you linked the deadbolt was shite and they bypassed it easily.

the weakness in the  lockitron is threefold:

1. in the quality of your deadbolt
2. in the quality of their encryption, database, and communication
3. in the quality of the users password and website authentication

lockitron doesn't expose you to any additional potential physical vulnerabilities, however much like using online banking you are responsible and trusting for numbers 2 and 3.
i can foresee no problems with this.
this exactly what would happen.
speed would be too slow to be able to print out of it. it's not just number of transistors that increase with decreasing transistor size, but speed of switching.
is the inevitable penis joke actually that no one has made any penis jokes yet, or has reddit finally grown up?

it's a sad, lonely day if it has.
it's interesting. as for needing to let friends in if i'm not there, i installed a schlage keypad deadbolt and that works great.

the best use for this that i can see is knowing who's home. especially in roommate situations, that could be helpful.
as they say, locks only keep the honest out.
billions
tediore.
we're on the verge of being able to print electronics though.
if this were true we wouldn't have many of the incredibly designed firearms that we have today. the barrett .50cal sniper rifle is the first to comes to mind. ronnie barrett designed and built one of the best high powered rifles on the planet in his spare time while living and working in tennessee. he wasn't licensed yet, because he was just a tinkerer. it wasn't until he wanted to sell to the public that he became a licensed firearms manufacturer. 

&gt;american civilians having guns is okay but not when they are stockpiling them.

wtf does "stockpiling" have to do manufacturing a gun? just as the constitution doesn't limit the purchase of firearms, it also doesn't limit the amount of firearms a person buys. if i want 25, 50, or 100 guns, what does it matter?
meanwhile, on the market cap ladder, apple shouts down to below, "you two still climbing, down there?"
also **/r/3dprinting**
this blog is about laptop battery. here you will find all kind of laptop battery prices, review, full specification and also troubleshooting .
not *everyone* is going to want a 3d printer, but they'll be useful for enough things that i could see eventually wanting grandma to have one, just like the pc.
it's probably a settling foundation rather than a door problem.
or a pigeon with a flash drive strapped to its back.  
theres lots of nifty things telecom can do for their law enforcement customers.  the best thing to do is to stop using traditional phone services , limit cellular network use and move to open source voip solutions (off shoring outside of legal jurisdiction impedes things a bit too) which make it a bit harder for law enforcement to snoop.  in the 21 century a phone is not necessary for voice communication, and the sooner the general public realizes this , the better.
as a user of stratasys fortus model 3d printer, it's accurate but it prints in layers with a .007 minimum layer thickness. with that said, unless you factor in secondary machining processes, i highly doubt the effectiveness of any weapon that is 3d printed. the material used is not as effective in dealing with material stresses as its solid form. 3d printers are to be used for ideas in products, not weapons.
i'm sorry, i don't read hunting magazines.
this is probably the most blatant violation of privacy that faces americans today. this is the government saying, "we know you want your cell phones, we know you need them. but, if you're going to carry one then you shouldn't expect us to not snoop on you." so, next if the government wants to turn on the microphone on your cell phone and listen to your private conversations, that becomes a pretty easily justified extension of their right to track your location. i don't know how to put it any clearer, the government wants you to be afraid of it. they want you to be afraid of doing anything that might even slightly threaten their standing as the supreme overseers of your life. they want you to know that they are tracking you, or at least that they might be. that makes you much more likely to be a good little sheep.
til only rednecks make guns
good point. my first, easy technical solution would be to run high surface area pipes under the soil to pipe water through. this would be similar to an atmospheric water cooling system, but would need to be much larger since the surface contact of the soil is going to be much less than air would be and be a pretty effective insulation. another way would be a massive infra-red generating cooling plate to bleed it off into space.

going higher tech, you could use thermoelectric generators, like peltier coolers or sterling engines to transform the heat into kinetic or electrical energy. possibly use this to power a communication laser, or feed the electricity back into the system. this is just making the chip more energy efficient though, so i'm pretty sure that you are going to gain enough entropy that eventually you are going to have to bleed off some heat through infra-red or into the soil though.

so short answer: big ass heat sink to compensate for lack of air.
[see my comment fellow movie buff](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/10tbfi/report_3dprinted_firearm_project_halted_3d/c6gk922)
my husband is super paranoid about the door being locked. he checks it like 3 times before he leaves the front porch to be sure he truly did lock it. and even then, when we get into the car, he asks me if i saw him lock it. at first it was really annoying, but i've come to accept it as one of his quirks.

something like this would give him peace of mind. he could check his phone to see that he really did lock it and not have this uneasy feeling that he forgot to lock the door - and if he did forget (which has never happened because he is so compulsive) he could just lock it remotely. 
completely horribly wrong. i think it's absolutely unfair to know that if the dea was searching my things, i'd be so overcome with cuteness that i couldn't retaliate.
"the new manufacturing facility will cost around $2 million"  are you sure about that cost?
not true:

http://www.brownells.com/.aspx/sid=78868/pid=42450/product/receiver-flat-for-7-62-fixed-stock-aks

that's brownells, a major corporation in the us, selling non-numbered ak-47 receiver flats so that people can make their own ak receivers in their home . . . perfectly legally (the receiver is the only part of the gun that counts as a gun).
i can think of a couple of uses for this.  my kid comes over to my place on the weekends, and is notorious for losing/forgetting their key.  when they get dropped off, it'd be handy to get called and have me just remote unlock the door, or allow them to do the same with their phone.  same thing for occasional visitors.

of course, i'm probably just going to get [this](http://www.rona.ca/en/deadbolt---digital-deadbolt-2002648--1?select_store=61190) and install it instead and that'll serve the function just as well.
this is a very objective and scientific take on the economy of eve (among others.) it is good to see and article placing games in a good light and highlighting the parallels to real life. 
nope. that's "distributing" as far as the atf regulations are concerned. as i understand it, you can make your own firearms, ammunition, even suppressors (with the right tax stamps) as long as they are for personal use. 
maybe [not](http://walyou.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/nintendo-gameboy-printer.jpg)
i'm guessing they have a problem with it because a plastic gun could be used to kill someone with and then destroyed much easier than a metal one. 
could they expand to rural areas at the same price range and still be profitable? imho they aren't really showing up the rest of the industry unless they can.
thanks for the mirrors, guys. i was gonna go home and kill myself if pirate bay was gone
must have some experience with 'roids...prefixes are applicant choice.
i don't understand kids these days sometimes. thought you were just being a dick like most everyone else.
i saw it speculated in another article that this was exactly what google intended when they started this project, to stimulate the other telcoms to produce higher quality internet services.
i really hope kansas city tells them to take their shitty complaint and shove it...but in a professional way.
&gt;a regular key does you no good if it's across town, or lost.

neither does my door.  why would i need to remotely control my door?
until a 3d printer can make 3d printers. then they'll be much easier to get.
you think it's that easy to make a gun with a cnc? those things are a complete bitch to work with. mastering the controls and learning all the intricacies, not to mention that the parts the cnc spits out break all the damn time during manufacturing.
well i know many rednecks too and not only do they sound like that but they'd be plenty pissed if the atf said they couldn't print guns.
nope.  as long as you comply with state and federal laws, you can build away.  sales do require a license which brings the atf into the picture.  
guns are complex devices.  if you couldn't improvise a firearm with tools and part from home depot, i highly doubt you have the technical chops to assemble the 3d printed parts.  improvising a firearm is so goddamn easy to do already.  there are also places online that will 3d print parts and send them to you for little more than the cost of materials and shipping. 

doesn't matter how the parts are made, 3d printing doesn't magically make engineering skills less relevant.  i work with stratasys printers a lot.  they're great for rapid prototyping, but if you don't understand basic engineering principals, they're less than useless
a lot of you are extremely paranoid. there was no overarching plan involved, nobody was out to screw this woman over.

as with most things this can be explained neatly by the incompetence of people.
the op's post was the political troll with:

&gt; hate me all you want, but you all know it's the damned truth.

megaupload content was user-created, so i don't know how you can say some imaginary organization like "megaupload" was somehow out of control.
and...i just reserved mine...if i pay extra can you send me one now, i cant wait to fuck with my girlfriend and keep locking her in and out of the apartment
&gt;business isn't about what should be done.

perhaps it should be. customers are choosing to avoid such companies, with the result that a huge aftermarket is supported, and the business model is failing everywhere: see lexmark and kodak for a couple of the many examples.
just out of curiosity- how much money did you think you needed for a prototype? honestly if you're starting with no tools or parts ~$100 could have gotten you all the components and tools to build a cheap, ugly, but effective prototype.
there are no patent infringements for printing a lower receiver for an ar styled rifle. 
i tried this for the first time last night, i showed up 4 minutes early and the website was already accepting orders (yes, my computer clock is synced). there was 1 store that had 1 phone left and in the time it took me to see that and click 'continue' it had already been taken. 

personally i want more people to buy an s3 so i can finally get an iphone 5. 
their job is to skirt the law, so yeah, they do that effectively.
i can't be exactly sure why, but i'm guessing it could be due to a number of different reasons. 

i have heard that google ran into some issues where certain areas required that the fiber be buried instead of hung from poles, thus they have yet to to enter those areas. 

they could also just be concentrating on the areas that have a higher population density first and seeing the initial reaction before going to areas with smaller population density.
well this goes for anything. if someone wants in bad enough, they'll find a way. hell, they could just break a window and bypass the door entirely. this kind of tool isn't for additional security - its more for auditing and convenience of letting people (including yourself) in and out of your house. 
you can listen to the commentary of the legendary mr. hitchens: [part 1](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3hv9xko8me) [part 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glicd4czqg0&amp;feature=relmfu)


you express a common sentiment, but it is fallacious to describe a democracy as a person.  democracies are groups of people acting by consensus.  laws, for instance like prohibiting assassination, make sense in a democracy.
i think you contradicted yourself there. you're telling me how the iphone is better, and then telling me how i am a sucker for numbers that don't mean anything. all in all, i don't care what people think at all, i made my choice with android, and for tablets i am even looking at windows as a stable tablet future. and it has nothing to do with "being different", i did actually do my research. i find that androids are a much better choice for me and for anyone who wants to use their phone fully. so go tell someone else how apple is awesome, and understand that there are lots of ways to tweak hardware to beat benchmarks, next time you tell me that a dual core is stronger than a quadcore
teenage engineering isnt a "popular" synth manufacturer.  they are just one step above vaporware.  
what is it with people from the south/midwest and thinking everyone needs a fucking gun?  the world is not as dangerous as you think it is.  when i used to live in louisiana, everyone thought everyone else was "out to get them", and now i live in nyc and guess what, nobody is.  people here just walk down the street and everyone's fine.  i know herp derp second amendment and guns are certainly fun to shoot at a range, but this idea that we're all in constant danger and need a personal arsenal for defense is just god damn retarded.
could you explain what that is?  
wait, what? david myers? is he just the designer or his involvement goes deeper than that? 

anyways, loving the concept. think i'll reserve one!
way cool
no, it's much worse than that actually.  google may take tax breaks and loopholes, but [verizon apparently paid no taxes](http://stopthecap.com/2011/11/09/verizon-didnt-pay-a-penny-in-taxes-for-the-last-3-years-new-study-claims/).  [at&amp;t appears to have gone a step further and gotten $420 million in taxpayer money.](http://stopthecap.com/2012/08/16/at-achieved-a-420-million-taxpayer-subsidized-refund/).

and that's just recently.  under the clinton administration, congress gave telecoms a huge check to improve internet service.  and... they pretty much gave it to their executive boards and investors and did nothing to improve internet speeds.

so when telecoms are saying they want the same deal as google, they're ignoring the fact that they already have gotten the same deal as google, multiplied by quite a bit, and they failed to do anything comparable with it.

sadly, rather than their lobbyists being beaten into a coma for suggesting such a terrible investment, they'll probably get their way.  we'll be lucky if it's just giving those fucks more money and not, say, some type of law preventing anyone from offering the same deal that google is offering, on the grounds that it hurts capitalism or some sickening bullshit like that.
that's funny, because i have a [similar article](http://www.displaymate.com/smartphone_shootout_2.htm) in which the iphone 5 screen outmatches the s3 on several crucially important fronts.

edit:  i must say, though, shame on them for suggesting an increase in the phone's resolution per square inch. i wonder if they missed the part where the retina display uses pixels that are smaller than what is discernible by the human eye. as a result, increasing the pixel density would have no effect whatsoever, because we are at a biological boundary that we cannot cross without evolving new eyes. it would be like selling headphones to somebody with a frequency response of 5hz to 30khz.
protip: tediore rocket launchers are actually pretty good because you get an extra rocket when you go to reload.
no worries, they will mostly catch the catholics, mostly.
so the far side would actually have more sunlight than the close side? 
extremely improbable.

the fact that you define these pure luck/chance discoveries as something that happens very quickly means that the probability that all pure luck-based discoveries have been discovered already is significantly high.

besides, fusion is one of those things that can't be really revolutionary and instantaneously changed because we already know of fusion and we also know that efficiency is very difficult to increase. sure, cold fusion could be discovered tomorrow, but it most likely(as in almost surely) wouldn't be efficient at all and would require a long, long time to improve to a usable level.
&gt; as with most things this can be explained neatly by the incompetence of people.

which is why we don't like handing exclusive control of something over to a single monopolistic government entity.  
not quite true, i actually have access to two.
an i special ?  probably a little, but i was also informed by the owner that his public tech shop had one, and that my college had a semi-public one.

so my entire city has access. and they don't charge for time (yet) just materials. 
well, stratasys is the best manufacturer of thermoplastic-based 3d printers.  liability is a bitch and lawyers are ambulance chasers.  
it is not illegal to print a "gun" 

i say that in air quotes because you are only printing [this part.](http://www.theshootersbox.com/store/images/firearms/dpms_ar15_lower_receiver.jpg) the atf considers that part a "gun" and it needs a serial number and transfer to buy. you can however manufacture your own. you still need all the other parts to it and cannot sell it without an ffl (federal firearms license)
there's mesh networks all over the place, most are small but many are city-wide or bigger. have a look at /r/darknetplan, they were trying for one in the us but only some preliminary stuff has been achieved so far.
&gt; even with a machine shop at your disposal, a gun, even a simple one of decent quality and reliability is a complex proposal.

not necessarily. tube guns a la the sten are pretty simple. there's also the pa luty book which describes the manufacture of an open bolt smg with hand tools.
hurrdurr my phone is better than your phone
your talking about redditors we dont talk to our neighbors! 

serious question though, what happens if you phone gets stolen? app is protected by password?
i guess "focusing alot on older iphones" means 4/20 different benchmarks were strickly iphone comparisons. seems legit.
tell them "sure, you beat google's service by xxx and we'll cut you the same deal" where xxx is the data rate multiplier between tw current service and google's service, plus a price reduction multiplier.

if tw wants to make a 10x faster service than google at 1/2 the price, and will guarantee free internet service at equal to google's pay service for the 5 years that google's offering to match tw current service, then we'll talk.

we're paying them to innovate and disrupt the market, not match a compeditor.  


tw &amp; at&amp;t: you want the same deal?  fine.  beat google on both price and speed by as significant of margin as they are currently going to beat you.
that website just gives rough estimates for tvs. pixels on a 15.4" display are moa, discernable at 2' with 1080p and 15.5" with 2880x1800.  with average vision the retina display should look clearer from at least 2' away.
like i always say, the second amendment applies to technology, not to guns. the right of the people to have comparable technology.

this? well, it flies in the face of all interpretations of that amendment.
that wouldn't be stratasys' fault, it's not like they would be endorsing the manufacture of firearms.  that's like saying the manufacturer of a cnc machine is liable for a cnc-cut gun that blew up in someone's face.
neat! now the buyers need to make sure they don't loose their phone ;)
&gt;although i once had the pleasure of seeing a family literally rip apart the inside wall of their house so they could put tin foil in to protect themselves from the meter.

i'll be they later called one of their friends with their cellphone to let them know how they protected themselves from the bad emf from the meter.
getting a degree in product design and 3d modeling may have been the best decision i've ever made.
there's a difference between "for personal use only" and "not for sale" that i was trying to understand; thanks for the clarification.
i've seen it, it's an unrifled piece of crap.
the coolest application for 3d printing i've seen is essentially making a lost wax casting mold, but for [vascular systems in lab-grown organs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=9vhflwjqike).   
that is very interesting? link?, i imagine it just was because mega upload was the most famous, so people would get the message. while i'm against allowing a site to become flooded with pirated content, throwing people in jail and acting the way they did is wrong. 
women-owned, small, usa, local business goes big
no, it isn't 
wtf is that an image of?
it's a legal grey area, there's definitely precedent to suggest that the government has a case (mostly the fault of conflicting past decisions). it is not blatantly unconstitutional.

in fact, the supreme court likely will have to overrule the "third-party doctrine" in order to protect fourth amendment rights in this case. that doctrine states that the action of submitting to a third party information which may be private in one context automatically disqualifies it from fourth amendment protection so long as the information is voluntarily submitted.

for many reasons it will be difficult to argue that the information is submitted involuntarily by the cell phone. it would delegate the impossible task for law enforcement to ensure that the owner of the cell phone is aware of what it is submitting to the phone company, or how it is acting -- rather than holding the operator accountable for his/her property's actions.

instead the entire doctrine will probably be thrown out (or "voluntary" might be changed to "voluntary and explicit"), so it might be important that they're arguing this case at all. jumping to conclusions like "treason!" makes you look like an idiot in this perspective.
oh, hi there fear mongering.  haven't seen you for a few days.
sounds like an interesting process. does it just use 3d models to print? and how can i go about getting one if i wanted one?
in the end, it's about consolidation. we've already merged phone, mp3 player, gps, computer, and personal assistant into one thin contraption. soon, wallets will be overtaken by rfid payment systems. now we can add keys to the list.

it's nice to be able to leave your house with just a single comprehensive gadget in your pocket. 
are we in /r/worldpolitics again? there's kind of nothing we can do about it, the only people we can 'vote out' have all the purchasing power to be voted in, and a bipartisan system means we can only possibly communicate well enough to get the lesser of two evils.

i, personally, am leaving at the next chance, but it's pretty much a deadlock.
it may be more sinister than that. i just read [this article in the economist](http://www.economist.com/blogs/babbage/2012/09/3d-printing?fsrc=scn/tw_ec/difference_engine_the_pc_all_over_again_) yesterday about the coming fight against 3d printing. it mentions that the devices might face negative propaganda because of legitimate manufacturers fear of loss of intellectual property.

&gt;because of a 3d printer's ability to make perfect replicas, they will probably try to brand it a piracy machine.

statasys is a big company and one of the leaders in 3d printing. i'm sure their legal team got involved when they found out what their new lease holder was up to, but their reaction will do nothing but fan the flames of this completely fallacious argument. 
education point: in most states making your own firearm, for your own use (can't be sold), is not illegal, and does not even need to be registered (unless it's a special class like aow, select fire, suppressed, or short barreled rifle or shotgun).
this is less of a tech failure than a person failure.  if the people did a proper follow through this would have never escalated.

it's like when a upc reader fails to read a barcode because the person is swinging the object too far from the reader [or at a bad angle].  does that mean all barcodes are horrible?  or user error?

this is user error.
you could have a motion chip in it so that if the thing moves while the door is "locked" (i.e someone has kicked the door in) it sends a message / notification.

then.

you should make a webcam that is remotely activated from the app. that way if the door is opened and it's unexpected you can film the person doing it.

i like your site but what does that bar at the top right of the video do? 

does it work with normal key locks?
are you sure apple didn't make this product?
google is getting a deal because they're guaranteeing fast speeds and low prices (not to mention free service at a lower speed).  i'm sure *any* company who offered the same could get similar deals in any city.  but only google is willing to do it.

if the telcos had even an ounce of credibility, they'd be seeking these sort of deals for fiber rollouts in *other* cities.  they didn't give a fuck about kc before google came to town, and they don't give a fuck about any town where google isn't.  they're shitting their pants because finally somebody is going to show the country that cheap, fast, unthrottled and uncapped internet *is* commercially viable and that the telcos have just been fucking their customers for the last two decades.  they'll say *anything* at this point to make it fail so they won't actually have to put some effort into their free money machine.
i seriously doubt there is a plastic barrel that survive the tens of thousands of pound per square inch that a smokeless cartridge can produce. you are dealing with a *lot* of pressure.

but, by all means, correct me with a link.

a side note, a slam-fire pipe gun (two piece device with a barrel and then a sleeve with fixed firing pin) would be a lot easier to make and would be reusable.
the only thing that catches my eye when someone takes it out is the fact that they have to drop everything they're doing to two-hand this oversized smartphone. phones should be designed to properly fit a human hand.
it looks like its not a lock itself, but rather it fits over your deadbolt knob in the interior of your house...  

e: [image](https://lockitron.com/assets/4-a17924b1a40411e40e332b74e70ea512.png)
unless you leave the cord plugged into the wall
digistuct is the future of 3d printing.
they have printers that print soft rubber like materials too.... just sayin, i think z corp makes them
it is slightly more complex, but it still should be illegal, and is illegal for good reason.
its only real application would be a single-use throwaway that would be quite inaccurate and pretty unreliable. i could only see it working passably well as a shotgun, and how well that works depends on the strenghth of the material used in the barrel. still though, it could serve a purpose as an easily smuggled assassination weapon. (probably why they want to discourage it.) 

honestly though, you'd be better off just 3d printing a shank or crude knife. 
where did i imply you were american?

i was talking about banning 3d printers, not guns.
i hate to be a pedant, but i think decentralization is a better word to use in that context than democratization.  democratization implies a collective group decision while decentralization implies an emphasis on the individual, such as the one printing out doorknobs.
i am just wondering for consumer sake, how safe is this going to be? is it something that can be hacked into easily? i have no idea about these kinds of things and i was just curious.
"slamming on the brakes" should never cause a collision.  it means the person behind you was following too close.

replace "slamming on the brakes for a light" with "... for a pedestrian who steps off the curb."
i saw a comment on another article about this that the google fiber service got such a great deal in kansas city because google is also providing free internet/services to all city buildings.

are tw/at&amp;t willing to match that offer? it's not like kc just gave those lowered prices to google for nothing.
yes, which means that anyone doing it has a very good reason to want a gun without a serial number. that's why it's scary.
no, it needs to be aesthetically pleasing (by my wife's standards).  i actually do have one of those in the ceiling fan in our bedroom, because she doesn't care enough to change it.

in our family room and my office the ceiling fans take candelabra bulbs, which further limit my options with leds.
there is a world of difference between redlight cameras and say fair-pay and anti-discrimination laws. so government involvement is a good idea at times.
what about the ibackflip-a-tron: [ibackflip somersault](http://ibackflip.com/shop/ibackflip-somersault/)
if you are going to use a 3-d printer to make a gun, don't blab.  just make the thing.
http://m.popsci.com/technology/article/2012-07/working-assault-rifle-made-3-d-printer

not the exact one i was referring to, but there is one.
for everyone that doesn't find a use for this....what if you have someone coming over that you don't want to give a permanent key to, or have to hide a key somewhere out in the open? sounds like a decent option to me.
traffic lawyers that take care of little tickets like these don't cost thousands...i see ads all the time on my campus advertising lawyers that will defend you in court for a fraction of the ticket cost. they aren't the best lawyers, but they get the job done. friend of mine has used traffic lawyers on his tickets and saved hundreds (although he refuses to learn how to not drive like an ass).
you think a pipe bomb requires a 3d printer? no you can walk into home depot and get the materials that a 3d printer would make you for less than $10. 
and you can use many different types of fuel, kind of like those fast waste disposal reactors that have been proposed every so often.
take it to /g/ boys and girls; meaningless conversation about "herpderp, this display is 'better'" really doesn't contribute towards anything. 

the ip5 has less display room (6.7in^2 to 9.8in^2); however, has a higher pixel density of 326 to 306. ip5 may have a more accurate display in terms of color considering there are 326 diodes for each color while 3s has 306 green and 216 red/blue. (whatever the fuck that means / equates to in terms of color accuracy)

http://www.displaymate.com/smartphone_shootout_2.htm (linked from that article, somewhere) there's more, but i'm too lazy to regurgitate shit you can just go read yourself. 

as a general conclusion for which screen is better, it really doesn't matter unless you're under your bedsheets at night watching movies, in which case the galaxy s3 is the way to go.


either way, android &gt; mac os

gg
&gt; i'm quite familiar with a few 3d packages i could make a neat automatic gun fitting in my shirt. 

&gt; i may not have the knowledge of the engineering involved in building a gun but i do have sufficient knowledge about the software in the future required to do this.

nope.  knowing about 3d modeling doesn't mean you can be ignorant about the engineering required to design and build a gun. sorry dude.  

quit getting your panties in a bunch over how dangerous 3d printing could be.
i think day to day unlocking when you would normally use your key is not the important part here.
but casting is nowhere near durable enough for most critical firearm parts.  you need machined metal with heat treatment, etc.
when you bump into a democracy, let us all know.
you do realize that the average machinist in any country could build an ar15 with little to no trouble right? from a block of aluminum to a working firearm in a matter of hours. should we also ban lathes and mills? should we ban tools of all types? anyone could build a gun in 20 minutes and a trip to the hardware store, should we regulate who can buy pipes? 
your login will no longer work once you change your password. 
how do you think gun companies make guns?   

hint: on a cnc mill 
because a tool has to be made for each part to do that. the initial investment in a tool can be very expensive. a 3d printer uses no tool and the initial investment is only made once for a variety of parts.
&gt; facebook is a civil right?

no. saying something stupid that is neither defaming or meant incite *is* a civil right.
the fact that you could sense someone knocking was probably my favorite feature. that's just so insanely cool.
printing the individual parts (provided you have the plans for them), and then assembling the parts together is what would have to be done.

i don't think anybody thought that they were literally printing whole, working guns.
you can still use a key, it doesn't take that ability away
the difference in your bill will be negligible, leds are only marginally more efficient than cfls.  they're cost-effective for replacing incandescents, not so much for replacing cfls.  i'm willing to pay extra for better bulbs though, so i'm replacing my cfls with leds when they die.  i just wish these cfls would die faster.
mine too. i have to slam then lift my door in order to lock it. 
you can make a zipgun with a bit of pipe, an end cap with a hole in it, and a nail. you honestly think you couldn't print something like that. 

think about a .22 short. i'm fairly certain i could print off a thick enough bull barrel out of whatever composite the printer uses along with a firing pin and some sort of tension/spring mechanism to get at least 1 shot out of it. 

am i going to make a plastic 1911? not likely, however as a proof of concept, a single shot .22 certainly fits the bill.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/replicator_%28stargate%29
it's most likely because they're just being petulant children and don't really intend on improving their service to a substantial degree.
even if he did manage to make one, wouldn't it simply blow up if it actually fired? i mean, aren't these things made out of plastic or something?
so always on means always locked if you're not in range?
safer than a traditional lock.
who's up for a new internet?
i'm playing devils advocate here  - the ones in the uk all have keys so the first thought would be if you have something that fits into the keyhole and can be forced then it wouldn't be secure at all, and there is no mention of how you have tested this side of things on the site. if you put up a video showing you couldn't just get pliers and move it or even said that this wouldn't be possible then you might get a few more sales from people like my mother who worry about this kind of thing.
it does maintain key function
rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead...yet clearly you are still alive.  sir, i'm going to have to bring you in for questioning.
except that o, q, and 0 are all considered the same on a license plate.  same with i, 1, and l.

so if someone has "010010" you can't get "01ool0" since that plate is already in use.
greetings citizen, let me just add you to this list over here.

there we go. have a nice day!
actually, that's sounding like a better explanation the longer i think about it.  a subtly different set of physical laws might be enough to explain the politics there.
you are going to be filthy rich.
this was the point i was making trying to make, but worded much better.
rednecks are a lot more safe about their homemade weaponry than you give us credit for.


yes, a home 3d printer can make a rifled barrel that will melt after one use. i agree.
interestingly enough, there are for certain types of uppers. see the current litigation forcing mega arms to stop manufacturing their monolithic uppers.
no, but what does that have to do with anything?
"it looks good"... ummm
if you can call a locksmith you can probably use that same phone to unlock the door.

unless it's a payphone.

oh what the hell, i'll make it work from payphones too.
custom mouse housings. i can see it already, "reddit, i made my own mouse, what do you think?
and corporations are groups of people acting towards a common goal (which may or may not be profit).

doesn't stop them from screwing over the masses.
yes. if someone was using a computer i owned for malicious purposes, i would absolutely take it back.
according to google image search, it's a stargate replicator
are you allowed to share access with people who are not young, white, dark-haired, hipster males?

edit: not saying this just to be funny/a dick.  i think the page would look  more professional if it didn't look like you just took pictures of a couple of your friends but had some diversity/professional looking people on there.  because besides that it looks quite professional.
i know that feel. i'm lucky enough to live close enough to an at&amp;t co to get u-verse. shit is so cache. tw is the dark plague that is ruining the internet. at&amp;t isn't much better, but i have had a much better experience with u-verse since they upgraded the residential gateways (modem/router) they give you.
i don't like products that call me ron.
wake up sheeple!!!!!
the earth has a vast supply of misanthropic it people that not only would we like to send to the moon but they would enjoy it more on a "social" level.
i'm shocked that vanity plate even made it through the approval process

here's the problem - this isn't actually competition, this is tw and at&amp;t asking for a handout.

from what i understand part of the deal with kansas city was that google would provide service for free to all government/public buildings in exchange for some of the cost lowering (like the per pole charge). at&amp;t and tw just want the price deal without having to provide the same level of service.
